--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 4 April 2025 
 
 
Crédit Agricole S.A. 
including acting through its London Branch 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of France) 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Crédit Agricole S.A. (the “Issuer”) acting directly or through its London Branch may, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, from 
time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency (including Euro) under its Euro Medium Term Note Programme initially 
established on 21 April 1999 (as amended, supplemented and restated from time to time, the “Programme”). The Issuer has determined and agreed with the 
Dealers to remove the limit on the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes that may be issued under the Programme.  
The Notes may be either Senior Notes, Subordinated Notes or Deeply Subordinated Notes. It is the intention of the Issuer that the Subordinated Notes and the 
Deeply Subordinated Notes shall, for regulatory purposes, be treated (i) as Tier 2 Capital and Additional Tier 1 Capital, respectively, and (ii) as MREL/TLAC-Eligible 
Instruments under the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations. The Senior Notes may be either Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. It is the 
intention of the Issuer that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall, for regulatory purposes, be treated as MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments under the Applicable 
MREL/TLAC Regulations. If and to the extent permitted by the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations, the Issuer may treat the Senior Preferred Notes for regulatory 
purposes, as MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments under the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations. 
The Notes will be governed by French law (the “Notes”) and will be issued pursuant to the terms and conditions set out herein in the section entitled “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” (the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), as completed by the Final Terms for the Notes, the form of which is also set out herein (See 
“Form of Final Terms”).  
Any Notes to be issued on or after the date hereof under the Programme are issued subject to the provisions set out herein. This does not affect any Notes issued 
prior to the date hereof.  
This base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financier (the “AMF”) in France in its capacity as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement 
of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in 
such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus supersedes the base prospectus dated 5 April 2024 (as supplemented from time to time) and shall be in force for a period of one 
year as of the date of its approval by the AMF. Consequently, this Base Prospectus (as supplemented from time to time) will expire on 4 April 2026 and 
the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer 
apply from such date. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when 
this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application may be made for Notes issued under the Programme for a period of 12 months from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus by the AMF to be 
listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or on any other regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended, relating to the financial market instruments within the European Economic Area (a “Regulated Market”) in any other member state of 
the European Economic Area (the “EEA” and any State member of the EEA, an “EEA Member State”). The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any 
Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in an EEA Member State (or any other stock exchange). 
In the case of any Notes which are to be listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or offered to the public within the territory of any EEA Member 
State, in each case in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum denomination of each Note will 
be such as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body, however called) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency.  
This Base Prospectus, the Documents Incorporated by Reference, any supplement to this Base Prospectus prepared from time to time and the Final Terms, relating 
to an issue of Notes will be published on the website of the Issuer (www.credit-agricole.com) and/or on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“Standard & Poor’s”) assigns long and short-term Issuer Credit Ratings to Crédit Agricole S.A. and Crédit Agricole S.A.’s 
senior preferred debt of A+ / Stable outlook/ A-1, Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”) assigns long and short-term Issuer Ratings to Crédit Agricole S.A. and Crédit 
Agricole S.A.’s senior preferred debt of A1 / Stable outlook / P-1, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) assigns long and short-term Issuer Default Ratings to Crédit 
Agricole S.A. and Crédit Agricole S.A.’s senior preferred debt of A+ (long term Issuer) / AA- (long term senior preferred debt) / Stable outlook / F1 (short term 
Issuer) / F1+ (short term senior preferred debt). Each of Standard & Poor's, Moody's and Fitch is established in the European Union and is registered under the 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation") and is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation as of the date of this Base Prospectus. This list is available on the ESMA website at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
Each of Standard & Poor's, Moody's and Fitch is not established in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) and is not registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”). However, the 
ratings issued by Standard & Poor's, Moody's and Fitch are, as the case may be, endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, the ratings issued by Standard & Poor's, Moody's and Fitch may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Ratings can come under review at any time by 
rating agencies. Investors are invited to refer to the websites of the relevant rating agencies in order to have access to the latest ratings (respectively: 
http://www.standardandpoors.com, http://www.moodys.com, and http://www.fitchratings.com).  
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus before deciding to 
invest in the Notes issued under the Programme.  
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Crédit Agricole CIB

--- Page 2 ---
2 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements to this Base Prospectus published from time 
to time (each, a “Supplement” and together, the “Supplements”)) should be read and construed in 
conjunction with any Documents Incorporated by Reference, each of which shall be incorporated in, 
and form part of this Base Prospectus in relation to any Series of Notes, and comprises a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer, having taken all reasonable 
care to ensure that such is the case, confirms that the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect 
its import. The Issuer accepts responsibility accordingly.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised 
by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor 
any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that 
there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer, the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group, the Regional 
Banks, the Local Banks or the Crédit Agricole Group since the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse 
change in the financial position of the Issuer, the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group or Crédit Agricole Group 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as 
of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. 
Any prospective investor purchasing the Notes under the Programme is solely responsible for 
ensuring that any offer or resale of the Notes occurs in compliance with applicable laws and 
regulations.  
The Notes are complex financial instruments and may not be a suitable investment for certain 
investors. Each potential investor in the Notes should determine the suitability of such investment in 
light of its own circumstances, have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful 
evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base 
Prospectus, have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context 
of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio, and have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear the risks 
of an investment in the Notes, including the possibility that the entire amount invested in the Notes 
could be lost. A potential investor should not invest in the Notes unless it has the knowledge and 
expertise (either alone or with a financial advisor) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the market value of the Notes, and the impact of this 
investment on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio.  
Further, the Deeply Subordinated Notes, as Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments, are particularly 
complex financial instruments which may not be a suitable investment for investors which do not 
have sufficient knowledge and expertise (either alone or with a financial advisor) to analyse features 
such as the risk of interest cancellation, the risk of Write-Down in case of a Capital Ratio Event, the 
risk that the Maximum Distributable Amount may be insufficient to allow the Issuer to pay interest or 
to write-up the Current Principal Amount of the Deeply Subordinated Notes, the risk of deep

--- Page 3 ---
Important Notices 
3 
subordination, and other complex features that distinguish the Deeply Subordinated Notes from other 
debt obligations. The Notes are not a suitable investment for investors that do not possess such 
knowledge and expertise, and any such investors who nonetheless purchase the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes may face a significantly greater risk of loss than investors who do possess such 
knowledge and expertise. For example, investors who regularly follow developments in the market 
for Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments may be in a position to react more quickly to market or 
regulatory events than investors who are less aware of such developments, with the latter group of 
investors exposed to potentially greater losses due to their slower reactivity. In some jurisdictions, 
regulatory authorities have adopted or published laws, regulations or guidance with respect to the 
offer or sale of securities such as the Deeply Subordinated Notes. Potential investors in the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes should inform themselves of, and comply with, any applicable laws, regulations 
or regulatory guidance with respect to any resale of the Deeply Subordinated Notes (or any beneficial 
interests therein). Potential investors should determine the suitability of an investment in the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes in light of their own circumstances, and, in particular, the risk that their lack of 
relevant knowledge and expertise may cause them to lose all or a significant portion of the amount 
invested in the Deeply Subordinated Notes. 
Prospective investors should consult their own financial and legal advisers about risks associated 
with investment in a particular Series of Notes and the suitability of investing in the Notes in light of 
their particular circumstances. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, 
or review or regulation by certain authorities. Neither the Issuer, the Dealers, the Agents nor any of 
their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the 
Notes by a prospective investor of the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective 
investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that payments of interest on the Notes, 
or profits realised upon the sale or repayment of Notes, may be subject to taxation in their home 
jurisdiction or in other jurisdictions in which it is required to pay taxes, including the Issuer’s 
jurisdiction of incorporation, which may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. In 
addition, in some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be 
available for financial instruments such as Subordinated Notes or Deeply Subordinated Notes. 
Although certain tax effects on holders of Notes in France, in the UK, in Singapore or in the United 
States (in relation to FATCA) are described under Condition 9 (Taxation) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes and/or the section “Taxation” of this Base Prospectus, the tax impact on an 
individual holder of Notes may differ from the situation described for Noteholders generally. Potential 
investors are advised not to rely exclusively upon the tax summaries contained in this Base 
Prospectus which in any event only cover certain tax consequences in particular jurisdictions, and 
are not intended to be exhaustive. Potential investors are therefore advised to seek advice from their 
own tax advisers as to their individual taxation situation with respect to an investment in the Notes. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required 
by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such

--- Page 4 ---
Important Notices 
4 
restriction. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of 
this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. Retail investors are only eligible to subscribe for 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, if they possess sufficient knowledge and experience to be considered 
sophisticated investors and have sufficient financial capacity and an appropriate investment horizon 
and risk tolerance.  
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (taking into account the five categories referred to in item 19 of 
the Guidelines published by ESMA on 3 August 2023) and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in 
relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance rules under 
EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the MIFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in 
relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules 
PRIIPs – IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Deeply Subordinated Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. In addition, if the relevant Final Terms for 
a Tranche of Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme include a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", such Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 5 ---
Important Notices 
5 
PRIIPs – IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Deeply Subordinated Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. In addition, if the relevant Final Terms for 
a Tranche of Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme include a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", such Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by the PRIIPS Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
This document is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the UK 
or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth entities, and other persons 
to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (e) of the Order (all such 
persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). Any Notes will only be available to, and 
any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such Notes will be 
engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or 
rely on this document or any of its contents. 
NOTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
OF SINGAPORE (THE “SFA”) – Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms, all Notes 
issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP 
Regulations 2018”) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations 
on Investment Products).  
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES 
OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAVE ANY OF THE FOREGOING 
AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THE OFFERING OF THE 
NOTES OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED 
STATES AND THE NOTES MAY INCLUDE MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES THAT ARE

--- Page 6 ---
Important Notices 
6 
SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, THE 
NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD OR, IN THE CASE OF MATERIALISED BEARER 
NOTES, DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF, U.S. 
PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED, 
AND REGULATIONS THEREUNDER). 
THE NOTES ARE BEING OFFERED AND SOLD ONLY OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO NON-
U.S. PERSONS IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
(“REGULATION S”). FOR A DESCRIPTION OF THESE AND CERTAIN FURTHER 
RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS, SALES AND TRANSFERS OF THE NOTES AND DISTRIBUTION 
OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None 
of the Dealers makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with 
respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any 
credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, 
the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial 
statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself 
the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should 
be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger 
undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes 
of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the section “Use of Proceeds” 
of this Base Prospectus, as supplemented from time to time and completed (as the case may be) in 
the Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes, and must determine for themselves the relevance of 
such information for the purpose of any investment in the Notes together with any other investigation 
such investor deems necessary.  
Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers have undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of 
the eligibility criteria for selecting investments in Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets, as 
applicable (as defined in the section “Use of Proceeds” and completed, as the case may be, in the 
Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes) or any eligible green or social projects, any verification 
of whether such Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets, as applicable meet such eligibility 
criteria, or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. Investors should refer to the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer's website, the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework or Social Bond Framework, as applicable, 
the second-party opinion, if any, and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of 
the allocation of an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of such Green Notes or Social 
Notes, as applicable, for further information. No assurance or representation is given by any of the 
Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger as to the content, suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever in respect of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the 
Issuer) on the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework or Social Bond Framework, as applicable, or on any 
Green Notes or Social Notes, it being specified that (i) as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
providers of such opinion or certification are not subject to any specific legal, regulatory or other 
regime or oversight, and (ii) any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a

--- Page 7 ---
Important Notices 
7 
recommendation by the Dealers or the Arranger, to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In addition, no 
assurance or representation is given by any of the Dealers or the Arranger as to the content, 
suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever in respect of (i) any framework published or to be 
published by the Issuer in connection with an issuance of Green Notes and/or Social Notes, as 
applicable; and (ii) any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect thereof. For the 
avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on Green Notes and 
Social Notes shall not depend on the performance of the relevant Eligible Green Assets or Eligible 
Social Assets, as applicable, nor on the achievement of any green or social objectives. None of the 
Arranger or the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of the Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
DISCLAIMER – SOFR-BASED NOTES – The Issuer is not affiliated with the New York Fed. The 
New York Fed does not sanction, endorse, or recommend any products or services offered by the 
Issuer.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
IMPORTANT NOTICES .................................................................................................................. 2 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................... 21 
CONDITIONS ATTACHED TO THE CONSENT OF THE ISSUER TO USE THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS ............................................................................................................................. 60 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..................................................................... 64 
CROSS-REFERENCE TABLE ...................................................................................................... 68 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ............................................................................ 73 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER AND THE CREDIT AGRICOLE GROUP .......................... 74 
GOVERNMENT SUPERVISION AND REGULATION OF CREDIT INSTITUTIONS IN FRANCE . 78 
SOLVENCY AND RESOLUTION RATIOS .................................................................................... 96 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................ 102 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER 
NOTES ....................................................................................................................................... 261 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................... 263 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................. 301 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ....................................................................................................... 303 
TAXATION .................................................................................................................................. 306 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE....................................................................................................... 317 
SENIOR AND SUBORDINATED DEBT SECURITIES IN ISSUE ................................................ 327 
GENERAL INFORMATION ......................................................................................................... 328 
GLOSSARY ................................................................................................................................ 333 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS .... 360

--- Page 9 ---
9 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified 
in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to any Terms and Conditions 
of Notes, the relevant Final Terms.  
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of 
Article 25.1(b) of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, as amended.  
Capitalised terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus. 
Issuer: 
Crédit Agricole S.A., acting directly or through its London Branch. 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier (LEI): 
969500TJ5KRTCJQWXH05.  
Issuer’s website: 
The website of the Issuer is www.credit-agricole.com. The information on such 
website does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information has 
been incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the AMF.  
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the issue of Notes which may be 
either Senior Notes (i.e., Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes), Subordinated Notes or Deeply Subordinated Notes, as specified in the 
Final Terms and as further described below. 
Arranger: 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank. 
Dealers: 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as well as any other dealers 
that may be appointed as Permanent Dealer in respect of the whole 
Programme and/or as Dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Agents: 
Crédit Agricole S.A. as Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent and Calculation 
Agent and Uptevia as Paying Agent. 
Programme Size: 
There is no limit to the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes issued under 
the Programme that may be outstanding. 
Risk Factors: 
An investment in the Notes involves certain risks which should be assessed 
prior to making any investment decision. 
Investors and/or Noteholders should refer to section “Risk Factors” of this 
Base Prospectus in respect of the risks relating to the Issuer as well as the 
risks relating to the Notes.  
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in Series having one or more Issue Dates and on 
terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the Issue Date, 
the interest commencement date, the aggregate nominal amount, the amount 
and date of the first payment of interest and the issue price), the Notes of each 
Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. 
Each Series may be issued in Tranches on the same or different issue dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be supplemented, where 
necessary, with supplemental terms and conditions and, save in respect of the

--- Page 10 ---
General Description of the Programme 
10 
Issue Date, issue price, interest commencement date, aggregate nominal 
amount, and amount and date of the first payment of interest of the Tranche, 
will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, the 
Notes may be issued in any currency, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Maturities: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, 
each Note (other than the Deeply Subordinated Notes) shall be finally 
redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms (which, 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, shall be at least five (5) years after the 
Issue Date and, with respect to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, shall be at least 
one (1) year after the Issue Date). 
The Subordinated Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may have no 
fixed maturity. 
The Deeply Subordinated Notes are undated perpetual obligations in respect 
of which there is no fixed redemption or maturity date.  
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to 
their nominal amount.  
Form of Notes: 
The Notes are governed by French law and may be either Dematerialised 
Notes or Materialised Notes, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles 
L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier 
by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title 
(including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, in either bearer dematerialised form (au porteur), 
which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central 
depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders, or in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the 
relevant holder in either administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder designated by the 
relevant holder of Notes or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) in which 
case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or the Registration Agent.  
Materialised Notes will be issued in bearer definitive form only. Such Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons 
and a Talon for further Coupons attached, where applicable, save in the case 
of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in 
relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in this 
Base Prospectus are not applicable. Instalment Notes are issued with 
Receipts attached. In accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-11 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier, securities (including the Materialised 
Notes) in materialised form and governed by French law must be issued 
outside the French territory.  
A Temporary Global Certificate in bearer form without interest coupons 
attached will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such 
Temporary Global Certificate will subsequently be exchanged for Materialised 
Bearer Notes in definitive form on or after a date expected to be on or about

--- Page 11 ---
General Description of the Programme 
11 
the 40th calendar day after the issue date of the Notes upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership with, where applicable, Coupons attached. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be 
cleared through Euroclear, be deposited on the issue date with a common 
depositary for Euroclear, (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared 
through Euroclear France, be deposited with Euroclear France as central 
depositary, and (c) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a 
clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and Euroclear France 
or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). Unless otherwise provided for, all 
references to a “day” shall be to a calendar day. 
For any further information on the form of the Notes and their initial delivery, 
investors and/or Noteholders should refer to section “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes” of this Base Prospectus. 
Denomination(s) of 
Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) and as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of each Note listed 
and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in an EEA Member State, or 
offered to the public in an EEA Member State, in circumstances which require 
the publication of a Base Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be 
at least such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Specified Currency. Dematerialised Notes will be issued in 
one denomination only. 
Status of Notes: 
The Notes may be either Senior Notes, Subordinated Notes or Deeply 
Subordinated Notes, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Senior Notes may be either Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(a) Senior Preferred Notes 
The Senior Preferred Notes (being those Notes which the relevant Final 
Terms specify as being Senior Preferred Notes) are Senior Preferred 
Obligations. The principal and interest on the Senior Preferred Notes 
constitute, with the Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons relating to them (if 
any), direct, unconditional, senior (chirographaires) and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu without any preference 
among themselves and with other Senior Preferred Obligations, and 
ranking: 
(i) 
senior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer and any 
obligations ranking junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; and 
(ii) junior to all present and future claims benefiting from statutory 
preferences. 
If an insolvency proceeding or voluntary liquidation applies to the Issuer, 
the holders of the Senior Preferred Notes shall be responsible for taking 
all steps necessary to preserve the rights they may have against the 
Issuer. 
If and to the extent permitted by the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations, 
the Issuer may treat the Senior Preferred Notes, for regulatory purposes,

--- Page 12 ---
General Description of the Programme 
12 
as MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments under the Applicable MREL/TLAC 
Regulations. 
(b) Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes (being those Notes which the relevant 
Final Terms specify as being Senior Non-Preferred Notes) are Senior 
Non-Preferred Obligations as provided for in Articles L.613-30-3-I-4° and 
R.613-28 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
The principal and interest on the Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute, 
with the Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons relating to them (if any), direct, 
unconditional, senior (chirographaires) and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer ranking pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
with other Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, and ranking: 
(i) 
senior to Other Subordinated Obligations, Capital Subordinated 
Obligations, present and future prêts participatifs granted to the 
Issuer, present and future titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and 
Deeply Subordinated Obligations of the Issuer; and 
(ii) junior to Senior Preferred Obligations of the Issuer and all present 
and future claims benefiting from statutory preferences. 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment is rendered by any competent 
court declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, 
the Noteholders will have a right to payment under the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and the Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons relating to 
them (if any): 
(i) 
only after and subject to payment in full of holders of Senior 
Preferred Obligations and other present and future claims benefiting 
from statutory preferences or otherwise ranking in priority to Senior 
Non-Preferred Obligations; and 
(ii) subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of Other 
Subordinated Obligations, Capital Subordinated Obligations, Deeply 
Subordinated Obligations and other present and future claims 
otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations. 
In the context of any such judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the 
Issuer and in the event of incomplete payment of any obligation of the 
Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank senior to such Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with such 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be terminated by operation of law. 
If an insolvency proceeding or voluntary liquidation applies to the Issuer, 
the holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be responsible for 
taking all steps necessary to preserve the rights they may have against 
the Issuer. 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall 
be treated, for regulatory purposes, as MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments 
under the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations.

--- Page 13 ---
General Description of the Programme 
13 
(c) Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes (being those Notes which the relevant Final 
Terms specify as being Subordinated Notes) are issued pursuant to the 
provisions of Article L.228-97 of the French Code de commerce and are 
subordinated instruments as provided for in Article L.613-30-3-I-5° of the 
French Code monétaire et financier.  
The principal and interest on the Subordinated Notes constitute, with the 
Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons relating to them (if any), direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
ranking pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
ranking: 
(i) 
so long as the Subordinated Notes constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 
Capital:  
(a) 
pari passu with all other Capital Subordinated Obligations; 
(b) 
senior to any present and future prêts participatifs granted to 
the Issuer, present and future titres participatifs issued by the 
Issuer, and Deeply Subordinated Obligations; 
(c) 
junior to: 
i. 
the Unsubordinated Obligations; and 
ii. 
the Other Subordinated Obligations,  
(ii) if and when the Subordinated Notes are fully excluded from Tier 2 
Capital:  
(a) 
pari passu with all other Other Subordinated Obligations other 
than Other Subordinated Obligations to which the Notes are 
senior or junior as per paragraphs (b) and (c) below; 
(b) 
senior to: 
i. any Capital Subordinated Obligations; 
ii. any Other Subordinated Obligations that rank or are 
expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes; 
iii. any present and future prêts participatifs granted to the 
Issuer, present and future titres participatifs issued by the 
Issuer, and Deeply Subordinated Obligations; 
(c) 
junior to: 
i. any Unsubordinated Obligations; and 
ii. any Other Subordinated Obligations that are expressed 
to rank senior to the Subordinated Notes.  
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment is rendered by any competent 
court declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer 
or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason (liquidation amiable), the 
Noteholders will have a right to payment under the Subordinated Notes 
and the Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons relating to them (if any) prior 
to holders of debt that ranks or is expressed to rank junior to such 
Subordinated Notes but after holders of debt that ranks or is expressed

--- Page 14 ---
General Description of the Programme 
14 
to rank senior to such Subordinated Notes, in each case as detailed 
above. In the context of any such judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) 
of the Issuer and in the event of incomplete payment of any obligations 
of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank senior to such 
Subordinated Notes, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with such 
Subordinated Notes will be terminated by operation of law.  
If an insolvency proceeding or voluntary liquidation applies to the Issuer, 
the holders of the Subordinated Notes shall be responsible for taking all 
steps necessary to preserve the rights they may have against the Issuer. 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Subordinated Notes shall, for 
regulatory purposes, be treated (i) as Tier 2 Capital, and (ii) as 
MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments under the Applicable MREL/TLAC 
Regulations. 
(d) Deeply Subordinated Notes 
The Deeply Subordinated Notes (being those Notes which the relevant 
Final Terms specify as being Deeply Subordinated Notes) are issued 
pursuant to the provisions of Article L.228-97 of the French Code de 
commerce and are Deeply Subordinated Obligations as provided for in 
Article L.613-30-3-I-5° of the French Code monétaire et financier.  
The principal and interest on the Deeply Subordinated Notes constitute, 
with the Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons relating to them (if any), direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and deeply subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer ranking pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
ranking: 
(i) 
so long as the Deeply Subordinated Notes constitute, fully or partly, 
Additional Tier 1 Capital: 
(a) 
pari passu with all other Deeply Subordinated Obligations;  
(b) 
junior to the present and future prêts participatifs granted to 
the Issuer, present and future titres participatifs issued by the 
Issuer, Capital Subordinated Obligations, Other Subordinated 
Obligations and Unsubordinated Obligations; 
(ii) if and when the Deeply Subordinated Notes are fully excluded from 
Additional Tier 1 Capital but so long as they constitute, fully or partly, 
Tier 2 Capital: 
(a) 
pari passu with all other Capital Subordinated Obligations; 
(b) 
senior to any present and future prêts participatifs granted to 
the Issuer, present and future titres participatifs issued by the 
Issuer and Deeply Subordinated Obligations; 
(c) 
junior to:  
i. 
the Unsubordinated Obligations; and  
ii. 
the Other Subordinated Obligations; 
(iii) if and when the Deeply Subordinated Notes are fully excluded from 
Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital:

--- Page 15 ---
General Description of the Programme 
15 
(a) 
pari passu with all other Other Subordinated Obligations other 
than Other Subordinated Obligations to which the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes are senior or junior as per paragraphs (b) 
and (c) below; 
(b) 
senior to: 
i. 
any Capital Subordinated Obligations; 
ii. 
any Other Subordinated Obligations that are expressed 
to rank junior to the Deeply Subordinated Notes; 
iii. 
any present and future prêts participatifs granted to the 
Issuer, present and future titres participatifs issued by the 
Issuer and Deeply Subordinated Obligations; 
(c) 
junior to:  
i. 
any Unsubordinated Obligations; and  
ii. 
any Other Subordinated Obligations that are expressed 
to rank senior to the Deeply Subordinated Notes. 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment is rendered by any competent 
court declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer 
or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason (liquidation amiable), the 
Noteholders will have a right to payment under the Deeply Subordinated 
Notes and the Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons relating to them (if any) 
prior to holders of any Issuer’s Shares and the holder of any other debt 
that ranks or is expressed to rank junior to such Deeply Subordinated 
Notes but after holders of debt that ranks or is expressed to rank senior 
to such Deeply Subordinated Notes, in each case as detailed above.  
In the context of any such judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the 
Issuer and in the event of incomplete payment of any obligations of the 
Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank senior to such Deeply 
Subordinated Notes, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with such 
Deeply Subordinated Notes will be terminated by operation of law.  
If an insolvency proceeding or voluntary liquidation applies to the Issuer, 
the holders of the Deeply Subordinated Notes shall be responsible for 
taking all steps necessary to preserve the rights they may have against 
the Issuer. 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Deeply Subordinated Notes shall 
be treated, for regulatory purposes (i) as Additional Tier 1 Capital and (ii) 
as MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments under the Applicable MREL/TLAC 
Regulations, both at the level of Crédit Agricole S.A. Group and the level 
of the Crédit Agricole Group. 
Negative pledge:  
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed Rate Notes will bear a fixed interest payable in arrear on the date or 
dates in each year specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Fixed 
Rate 
Resettable Notes: 
Fixed Rate Resettable Notes will initially bear a fixed rate of interest payable 
in arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and will then be resettable on each Reset Date(s) and bear for each

--- Page 16 ---
General Description of the Programme 
16 
corresponding Reset Period an interest rate corresponding to the sum of a 
Reset Reference Rate and a Margin, specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
provided that in no event shall the rate of interest (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, as adjusted for any applicable Margin) be less than zero. 
Floating Rate Notes: Floating Rate Notes will bear interest payable on the date or date(s) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms determined separately for each Series as follows: 
(i) 
on the basis as the floating rate under the FBF Master Agreement; 
(ii) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions; or  
(iii) 
by reference to EURIBOR, €STER, SOFR, SONIA, SARON, TONA, 
CORRA, CMS or such other reference rate as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, or any successor rate or any alternative rate;  
in each case as adjusted for any applicable Margin. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a Maximum Rate of Interest, a Minimum 
Rate of Interest, or both, provided that in no event shall the rate of interest 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, as adjusted for any applicable Margin) 
be less than zero. 
Interest Period(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes:  Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount to 
it and will bear no interest. 
No Deeply Subordinated Notes shall be issued as Zero Coupon Notes. 
Fixed / Floating Rate 
Notes: 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically 
change from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate, on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms, provided that in no event 
shall the rate of interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, as adjusted for 
any applicable Margin) be less than zero. 
Inflation 
Linked 
Notes: 
Inflation Linked Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the interest in 
respect of such Notes will be calculated by reference either (i) to an inflation 
ratio derived from the non-revised harmonised index of consumer prices 
excluding tobacco, or the relevant successor index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco, as calculated 
and published monthly by Eurostat or (ii) to an inflation ratio derived from the 
non-revised consumer price index excluding tobacco for all households in 
metropolitan France, or the relevant successor index, as calculated and 
published by INSEE. 
CMS Linked Notes: 
CMS Linked Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the interest in respect 
of such Notes will be calculated by reference to any Reference Rate or 
Floating Rate Option, as specified in the Final Terms. 
Early 
Redemption 
and Purchase: 
(a) Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity at the option of 
the Issuer (i) in the case of a Withholding Tax Event or (ii) in the case 
of a Gross-Up Event or (iii) in the case of a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event, if a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event Call 
Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or (iv) if 
an Issuer Call is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or

--- Page 17 ---
General Description of the Programme 
17 
(v) if a Clean-Up Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
In such cases, the Issuer’s option to redeem any Senior Notes is 
subject to certain conditions including, in particular, (i) such 
redemption not being prohibited by the Applicable MREL/TLAC 
Regulations and (ii) the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator 
and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if required. 
The Senior Notes may also be redeemed prior to maturity at the 
option of the holders, if a Noteholder Put is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity at the 
option of the Issuer (i) in the case of a Withholding Tax Event or (ii) in 
the case of a Gross-Up Event or (iii) in the case of a Tax Deductibility 
Event or (iv) in the case of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event, if a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event Call Option is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms or (v) in the case of a Capital 
Event or (vi) if an Issuer Call is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms or (vii) if a Clean-Up Redemption Option is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms.  
In such cases, the Issuer’s option to redeem the Subordinated Notes 
is subject to certain conditions including, in particular, (i) such 
redemption not being prohibited by the Applicable MREL/TLAC 
Regulations and/or the Applicable Banking Regulations and (ii) the 
prior approval of the Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, if required.  
(c) Deeply Subordinated Notes 
The Deeply Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer (i) in the case of a Withholding Tax Event or (ii) in the case 
of a Gross-Up Event or (iii) in the case of a Tax Deductibility Event or 
(iv) in the case of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event, if a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event Call Option is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms or (v) in the case of a Capital 
Event or (vi) if an Issuer Call is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms or (vii) if a Clean-Up Redemption Option is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms.  
In such cases, the Deeply Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at 
the Issuer’s option subject to certain conditions including, in particular, 
(i) such redemption not being prohibited by the Applicable 
MREL/TLAC Regulations and/or the Applicable Banking Regulations 
and (ii) the prior approval of the Relevant Regulator and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, (if required) even if their Current 
Principal Amount has been Written-Down and not reinstated in full to 
their Original Principal Amount 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes and any related Receipts and Coupons 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, or 
on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or

--- Page 18 ---
General Description of the Programme 
18 
governmental charges imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of 
France, or any authority therein or thereof, having the power to tax, unless the 
withholding or deduction of such taxes is required by law. 
In addition, all payments in respect of Notes issued through the Issuer's 
London Branch and any related Receipts and Coupons shall also be made 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of the UK, or any authority therein or thereof, 
having the power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes is 
required by law. 
If there is French Withholding or (in the case of Notes issued through the 
Issuer’s London Branch) UK Withholding on any payment of interest in respect 
of the Notes or Coupons relating thereto, the Issuer shall, to the fullest extent 
then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in 
order that the holders of Notes, or Coupons, after such deduction or 
withholding, will receive the same amounts of interest as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, save 
in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 9 (Taxation) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Events of Default: 
(a) Senior Preferred Notes 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of a particular Series 
of Senior Preferred Notes, there will be limited events of default in respect 
of such Senior Preferred Notes.  
• The events of default that may be applicable if specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms are the following: the non-payment of 
amounts due under Senior Preferred Notes on their due date, the 
breach of any other obligation under Senior Preferred Notes or the 
insolvency (or other similar proceedings) of the Issuer.  
• Otherwise, there will be no event of default under the Senior Preferred 
Notes which would lead to an acceleration of such Notes if certain 
events occur. However, if any judgment were issued for the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer were 
liquidated for any other reason (liquidation amiable), then such Notes 
would become immediately due and payable. 
(b) Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and Deeply 
Subordinated Notes 
There are no event of default under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the 
Subordinated Notes and the Deeply Subordinated Notes which would 
lead to an acceleration of such Notes if certain events occur. However, if 
any judgment were issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer were liquidated for any other 
reason (liquidation amiable), then the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the 
Subordinated Notes and the Deeply Subordinated Notes would become 
immediately due and payable. 
Waiver 
of 
Set-off 
rights: 
The Noteholders waive any right of set-off, compensation and retention 
against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire 
against such holder, directly or indirectly, in relation to the Notes, to the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable law.

--- Page 19 ---
General Description of the Programme 
19 
Acknowledgement 
of Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers: 
Notwithstanding any other term of a given Series of Notes or any other 
agreement, arrangement or understanding between the Issuer and the 
holders of any Note, by its acquisition of any of Note, each Noteholder (which 
includes each holder of a beneficial interest in any Note) acknowledges, 
accepts, consents and agrees (i) to be bound by the effect of the exercise of 
the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
and (ii) that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if 
necessary, to give effect to, the exercise of the Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, as more fully described in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
Ratings: 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Standard & Poor’s assigns long and 
short-term Issuer Credit Ratings to Crédit Agricole S.A. and Crédit Agricole 
S.A.’s senior preferred debt of A+ / Stable outlook / A-1, Moody’s assigns 
long and short-term Issuer Ratings to Crédit Agricole S.A. and Crédit 
Agricole S.A.’s senior preferred debt of A1 / Stable outlook / P-1. Fitch 
assigns long and short-term Issuer Default Ratings to Crédit Agricole S.A. 
and Crédit Agricole S.A.’s senior preferred debt of A+ (long term Issuer) / 
AA- (long term senior preferred debt) / Stable outlook / F1 (short term 
Issuer) / F1+ (short term senior preferred debt). Each of Standard & Poor's, 
Moody's and Fitch is established in the European Union and is registered 
under the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA 
Regulation") and is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
This 
list 
is 
available 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
Each of Standard & Poor's, Moody's and Fitch is not established in the 
United Kingdom (the “UK”) and is not registered in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (the 
“UK CRA Regulation”). However, the ratings issued by Standard & 
Poor's, Moody's and Fitch are endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. As such, the ratings issued by Standard & Poor's, Moody's and 
Fitch may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with 
the UK CRA Regulation. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. Investors are invited to refer to the websites of 
the relevant rating agencies in order to have access to the latest ratings 
(respectively: 
www.standardandpoors.com, 
www.moodys.com, 
and 
www.fitchratings.com). 
These ratings have been issued upon request from the Issuer. 
Listing 
and 
Admission 
to 
Trading: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Paris and/or on any other stock exchange or 
may not be listed.

--- Page 20 ---
General Description of the Programme 
20 
 
Governing Laws: 
The Notes, and the Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons relating to them (if any), 
will be governed by French law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The offer and sale of Notes will be subject to selling restrictions in various 
jurisdictions, in particular, those of the EEA, the UK, the United States of 
America, Japan, Hong Kong, Italy, Norway, The People’s Republic of China, 
Australia, Canada, Taïwan and Singapore. See section “Subscription and 
Sale” of this Base Prospectus. 
United 
States 
Selling 
Restrictions/TEFRA: 
Regulation S, Category 2. The Final Terms will specify whether TEFRA Rules 
are applicable and, if applicable, whether TEFRA C or TEFRA D is applicable.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consider carefully, in light of their financial 
circumstances and investment objectives, all of the information in this Base Prospectus and, in 
particular, the risk factors set forth below (which do not describe all the risks of an investment in the 
Notes but which the Issuer, in its reasonable opinion, believes represent or may represent the risk 
factors known by it which may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes) in 
making an investment decision. Certain documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus also contain useful information pertaining to the risk factors relating to the Issuer and its 
operations. See “Cross-Reference Table” below. 
Capitalised terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the section entitled “Glossary” or in the sections entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. 
Risk Factors relating to the Issuer 
Risks relating to the Issuer are described on pages 229 to 244 of the Amendment A.01 to the 2024 
URD, as further described under “Documents Incorporated by Reference” and “Cross-Reference 
Table” in this Base Prospectus. Bearing in mind the structure of the Crédit Agricole Group, and, in 
particular, the legal mechanism for internal financial solidarity provided for in Article L.511-31 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier, the risks relating to the Issuer are those relating to the Crédit 
Agricole Group as described in the Amendment A.01 to the 2024 URD. 
Risk Factors relating to the Notes 
1. 
Risks for the Noteholders as creditors of the Issuer 
1.1 
The Notes may be subject to mandatory write-down or conversion to equity 
under European and French laws relating to bank recovery and resolution or 
extraordinary State financial support 
The BRRD, together with the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation (SRMR), 
requires that relevant resolution authorities write-down common equity tier 1, 
additional tier 1 and tier 2 instruments (together, the “Capital Instruments”) or 
(except for common equity tier 1 instruments) convert them to equity or other 
instruments, if they determine that, prior to the initiation of a resolution proceeding, 
(i) the conditions for the initiation of a resolution proceeding in respect of an issuing 
institution have been satisfied, (ii) the viability of such issuing institution or its group 
depends on such write-down or conversion or (iii) the issuing institution or its group 
requires extraordinary public support (subject to certain exceptions).  
Accordingly, if one of these conditions were to be met, it is likely that there would be 
a very significant impact on the Notes: 
• 
the write-down and conversion powers would initially be applied to common 
equity tier 1 instruments, including the Issuer’s Shares, as well as cooperative 
shares, cooperative associate certificates (CCA) and cooperative investment 
certificates (CCI) of the Regional Banks; 
• 
if this were insufficient, the Deeply Subordinated Notes (pro rata with other 
additional tier 1 instruments issued by the Issuer) would be subject to write-
down or conversion to equity; however, additional tier 1 instruments issued

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
22 
after 28 December 2020 change their ranking if they no longer fully qualify as 
Additional Tier 1 Capital; accordingly, if the Deeply Subordinated Notes no 
longer fully qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital (for example, due to a change 
in regulation), they will instead be treated in resolution as tier 2 instruments (if 
they qualify as such), or otherwise as Other Subordinated Obligations; 
• 
if the write-down or conversion of additional tier 1 instruments is insufficient, 
then the Subordinated Notes (pro rata with other tier 2 instruments issued by 
the Issuer including any additional tier 1 instruments issued after 28 December 
2020 that would have change ranking as tier 2 instruments) would be subject 
to write-down or conversion; however, tier 2 instruments issued after 28 
December 2020 change their ranking if they no longer fully qualify as Tier 2 
Capital; accordingly, if the Subordinated Notes no longer fully qualify as Tier 2 
Capital (for example, due to a change in regulation), they will instead be 
treated in resolution as Other Subordinated Obligations. 
Further, if a resolution proceeding is initiated with respect to the Crédit Agricole 
Group (including the Issuer), and the write-down or conversion to equity of Capital 
Instruments prior to resolution (as described above) is insufficient, then the Bail-in 
Tool will be applied to write-down any remaining Capital Instruments and Eligible 
Liabilities, in the order of their claims in an ordinary insolvency proceeding. Eligible 
Liabilities include the Other Subordinated Obligations (such as the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes and the Subordinated Notes issued after 28 December 2020 if 
and when they are fully excluded from Additional Tier 1 Capital and/or Tier 2 Capital, 
as applicable) and senior unsecured debt instruments such as the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and the Senior Preferred Notes. 
Accordingly, the Bail-in Tool would be applied, first, to write-down or convert any 
remaining Capital Instruments, then to write-down or convert to equity any Other 
Subordinated Obligations (such as the Deeply Subordinated Notes issued after 28 
December 2020 that no longer fully qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 
Capital or the Subordinated Notes issued after 28 December 2020 that no longer 
fully qualify as Tier 2 Capital, then to write-down or convert to equity the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (pro rata with any other instruments of the same ranking), and then 
to write-down or convert to equity the Senior Preferred Notes (pro rata with any other 
instruments of the same ranking). Condition 18 (Statutory Write-Down or 
Conversion) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contains provisions giving 
effect to the Bail-in Tool. 
The write-down or conversion power and the bail-in power could as such result in 
the full (i.e., to zero) or partial write-down or conversion to equity (or other 
instruments) of the Notes.  
Moreover, national governmental authorities may impose burden sharing on 
subordinated creditors (including the holders of additional tier 1 instruments such as 
the Deeply Subordinated Notes so long as they qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital 
and the holders of tier 2 instruments such as the Subordinated Notes so long as they 
qualify as Tier 2 Capital) outside of a resolution procedure under the European 
Commission’s State Aid framework (i.e., outside of the BRRD framework) if a solvent 
insititution (such as the Issuer) requires extraordinary State financial support.This 
burden sharing could take the form of either a conversion into common equity tier 1 
instruments or a write-down of the principal amount of the additional tier 1

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
23 
instruments (such as the Deeply Subordinated Notes so long as they qualify as 
Additional Tier 1 Capital) and the Tier 2 instruments (such as the Subordinated 
Notes so long as they qualify as Tier 2 Capital), and in any case, cash outflows to 
the holders of such Capital Instruments could be prevented to the extent legally 
possible. 
For all of the foregoing reasons, if the Issuer’s financial condition, or that of the Crédit 
Agricole Group, deteriorates, or is perceived to deteriorate, the existence of these 
powers could cause the market value and/or the liquidity of the Notes to decline 
more rapidly than it would be the case in the absence of such powers.  
In light of the above, in the event a resolution procedure or other restructuring 
measures outside resolution are initiated in respect of the Crédit Agricole Group 
(including the Issuer) and even before the commencement of such procedure with 
respect to holders of Capital Instruments, there is a very significant risk that the 
market value and/or the liquidity of the Notes could be irrevocably and materially 
altered and the Noteholders could lose all or a substantial part of their investment 
regardless of the manner in which other capital or debt instruments are treated.  
For further information about the scope of the resolution procedure and other 
restructuring measures outside resolution and their articulation with the legal 
mechanism for internal financial solidarity provided for in Article L.511-31 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier, see the section entitled “Government 
Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France” and, in particular, the 
paragraphs entitled “Resolution” and “Statutory Financial Support Mechanism”.  
1.2 
If the Guarantee Fund proves insufficient to restore liquidity and solvency of 
any network member or affiliate that may encounter future financial difficulty, 
the Issuer may be required to contribute additional funds and, in an extreme 
case, the Noteholders may suffer material adverse financial consequences 
As the central body of the Crédit Agricole Network (which includes primarily the 
Issuer, the Regional Banks, the Local Banks, Crédit Agricole CIB and BforBank, as 
affiliated members – hereinafter the “Crédit Agricole Network”), the Issuer 
represents its affiliated credit institutions before regulatory authorities. Pursuant to 
Article L.511-31 of the French Code monétaire et financier, the Issuer is required to 
ensure that each member of the Crédit Agricole Network (each, a “Member of the 
Crédit Agricole Network” which shall include, for the avoidance of doubt, each 
affiliate), as well as such network as a whole, maintains adequate liquidity and 
solvency, and must call on other Member of the Crédit Agricole Network for that 
purpose whenever and in any manner deemed necessary. As a result of its role as 
a central body, the Issuer is empowered under applicable laws and regulations to 
exercise administrative, technical and financial supervision over the organisation 
and management of these institutions. 
To assist the Issuer in assuming its central body duties and commitments and to 
ensure mutual support within the Crédit Agricole Network, a fund for liquidity and 
solvency banking risks (known by its French acronym as the FRBLS for “fonds pour 
risques bancaires de liquidité et de solvabilité” (the “Guarantee Fund”)) has been 
established. The Guarantee Fund is funded by the Issuer at 75 per cent. and by the 
Regional Banks at 25 per cent., in an aggregate amount of €1,539 million as at 31 
December 2024. Although the Issuer is not aware of circumstances likely to require

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
24 
recourse to the Guarantee Fund, it may become necessary to call upon the capital 
of the Guarantee Fund. In the event of its full depletion, the Issuer will be required 
to contribute to the shortfall by mobilising its own resources and, where appropriate, 
those of the other Members of the Crédit Agricole Network. 
As a result of this obligation, if a Member of the Crédit Agricole Network were to 
encounter significant financial difficulties, this could have a material adverse impact 
on the financial condition of the Issuer and the other Member of the Crédit Agricole 
Network and, as a consequence, may also materially impact the ability of the Issuer 
to make payments under the Notes. In an extreme case, where such financial 
difficulties would lead to the initiation of a resolution procedure in respect of the 
Crédit Agricole Group (including the Issuer) or to the court-ordered liquidation of the 
Issuer, this obligation to support the Member of the Crédit Agricole Network that 
initially experienced financial difficulties could materially adversely impact holders of 
securities of the Issuer, beginning with securities constituting common equity tier 1 
and additional tier 1 capital, then securities constituting tier 2 capital, other 
subordinated debt instruments, senior non preferred securities and potentially senior 
preferred debt. In such event, impacted security holders, including holders of the 
Notes, could lose all or part of their investment. 
For further information about the articulation of the legal mechanism for internal 
financial solidarity provided for in Article L.511-31 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier and the resolution measures, see the section entitled “Government 
Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France” and, in particular, the 
paragraphs entitled “Resolution” and “Statutory Financial Support Mechanism”. 
1.3 
Returns on the Notes may be limited or delayed by the insolvency of the Issuer 
If, despite any resolution measures initiated in respect of the Crédit Agricole Group 
(including the Issuer), the Issuer were to become insolvent and/or were subject to 
any insolvency proceedings, application of French insolvency law could materially 
affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments on the Notes and return to investors on 
the Notes may thus be limited or delayed. 
In particular, pursuant to ordinance No 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021 (which 
implements, under French insolvency law, EU directive 2019/1023 of the European 
Parliament and the Council of 20 June 2019), if a safeguard procedure (procédure 
de sauvegarde), or an accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde 
accélérée) or a judicial reorganization procedure (redressement judiciaire) is opened 
in France with respect to the Issuer, the Noteholders will be treated as affected 
parties to the extent their rights are impacted by the proposed plan and assigned to 
a class of affected parties. 
The draft plan prepared by the debtor, with the assistance of the Court-appointed 
administrator, is submitted to the vote of the classes of affected parties (at a two-
third majority in each class), which cannot propose their own competing plan in 
safeguard proceedings (as opposed to judicial reorganisation proceedings).  
In such circumstances, the provisions relating to the representation of Noteholders 
set out in Condition 12 (Representation of Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes will not be applicable.

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
25 
If the draft plan is approved by each class of affected parties, the Court will approve 
the plan after verifying that certain statutory protections to dissenting affected parties 
are complied with, unless there is no reasonable prospect that it would enable the 
debtor to avoid cash-flow insolvency or ensure the sustainability of its business. 
If the draft plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, such plan may (at 
the request of the debtor or of the court-appointed administrator subject to the 
debtor’s approval (or subject to the approval of an affected party’s in judicial 
reorganisation proceedings only)) be imposed on the dissenting class(es) of affected 
parties subject to the satisfaction of certain statutory conditions (known as the 
“cross-class cramdown mechanism”). 
The dissenting vote of the Noteholders within their class of affected parties may 
therefore be overridden within such class or by application of the cross-class 
cramdown mechanism. 
In the event that no plan can be adopted following the class-based consultation 
process in judicial reorganization (only), the Court may impose a term-out on 
dissenting Noteholders’ claims (meaning a rescheduling of the debt over a 10-year 
period). 
Further, the 1988 Guarantee may be called upon if the assets of the Issuer in a 
liquidation or dissolution procedure are insufficient, but not in the context of any other 
insolvency procedures. For further details regarding the 1988 Guarantee, please 
refer to the section entitled “Information about the Issuer and the Crédit Agricole 
Group”. 
The commencement of any such insolvency proceedings against the Issuer could 
have a material adverse impact on the market value and/or the liquidity of the Notes 
and Noteholders could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. In addition, 
any decisions taken by the class of affected parties to which the Noteholders belong 
or by the Court in case of cross-class cramdown, as the case may be, could 
negatively impact the holders of the Issuer’s debt and securities (including the 
Noteholders), beginning with holders of securities constituting common equity tier 1 
and additional tier 1 capital, then holders of securities constituting tier 2 capital, 
holders of other subordinated debt instruments, holders of senior non preferred 
securities and finally holders of senior preferred debt, and cause them to lose all or 
part of their investment, should they not be able to recover amounts due to them by 
the Issuer. Holders of Deeply Subordinated Notes and Subordinated Notes thus 
bear significantly more risk than holders of senior obligations (such as the Senior 
Notes) or any other obligation ranking senior to Deeply Subordinated Notes or 
Subordinated Notes, as applicable. As a consequence, there is a substantial risk 
that investors in Deeply Subordinated Notes and Subordinated Notes will lose all or 
a significant part of their investment if the Issuer were to become insolvent and/or 
enter into any insolvency proceedings. 
2. 
Risk related to the market for the Notes and credit ratings 
2.1 
The market value of the Notes may be adversely impacted by many events 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer 
(see paragraph 2 (Ratings in connection with the Programme) of the section entitled

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
26 
“General Information”) and/or the credit ratings of the Notes (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), as well as a number of additional factors, to varying degrees, 
including the volatility of market interest rates and indices, currency exchange rates, 
inflation rates and the time remaining to the Maturity Date (for Notes with a Maturity 
Date) or the relevant optional redemption date. For further information on risks 
relating to the creditworthiness of the Issuer, see “Any decline in the credit ratings 
of the Notes or changes in rating methodologies may affect the market value and 
the liquidity of the Notes”. For further information on risks relating to interest rates, 
see “Risks related to interest applicable to the Notes”. 
Further, the Final Terms may provide that application is to be made for a particular 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on 
any Regulated Market and/or on any stock exchange (and, in particular, on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Paris). The market value of the Notes on any 
Regulated Market and/or on any stock exchange (and, in particular, on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Paris) depends on several interrelated factors, 
including economic, financial, regulatory and political events in France, the United 
Kingdom, Europe, the United States and elsewhere, including factors affecting 
capital markets generally and the Regulated Market and/or stock exchange on which 
the Notes are traded (and, in particular, on the Regulated Market of Euronext Paris). 
The market value of the Notes could also be adversely impacted by events affecting 
a category of securities issued by credit institutions generally (such as additional tier 
1 instruments), even if the Issuer’s securities are not themselves affected by such  
events. For example, in connection with the takeover of Credit Suisse by UBS in 
March 2023, Swiss authorities triggered a clause in the terms of the additional tier 1 
instruments of Credit Suisse providing for the full write-down of such instruments 
upon the provision of extraordinary government support to Credit Suisse, despite 
the fact that the holders of ordinary shares of Credit Suisse (constituting common 
equity tier 1 capital and thus ranking below additional tier 1 instruments) were to 
receive compensation in connection with the takeover. The announcement of the 
write-down by Swiss authorities adversely affected the market value of additional 
tier 1 instruments of other banks (including the Issuer), including instruments that 
did not contain the clause that triggered the write-down of Credit Suisse’s additional 
tier 1 instruments. 
Such factors and events (or the perception that such factors or events might occur) 
may cause market volatility and such volatility may materially adversely affect the 
market value of the Notes. In addition, economic and market conditions may have 
any other material adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. Further, the price 
at which a Noteholder may sell the Notes may be at a discount, which could be 
substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder. 
These risks may result in investors losing a substantial part of their investment in the 
Notes. For further information on risks relating to Notes issued at discount, see 
“Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium are subject to higher price 
fluctuations than conventional interest-bearing securities” and “Zero Coupon Notes 
are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted notes” below.

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
27 
2.2 
A trading market for the Notes may not develop or continue  
Notes may have no established market when issued and an active trading market 
for such Notes may not develop or continue in the future. If a trading market does 
develop for the Notes, it may not be very liquid and the Notes may trade at a discount 
compared to their initial offering price depending upon prevailing interest rates, the 
market for similar securities, general economic conditions, the financial condition of 
the Issuer and any legal or regulatory changes.  
Further, if the Final Terms provide that application is made for a particular Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market and/or on any stock exchange (and, in particular, on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Paris), there is a risk that any particular application 
will not be accepted, that such Series of Notes will not be so admitted or that an 
active trading market in respect of such Series of Notes will not develop, or that, 
once accepted and/or admitted, such admission and/or listing will be suspended or 
terminated during the life of the Notes of such Series.  
Therefore, there is a significant risk that investors will not be able to sell, transfer or 
dispose of their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with their anticipated 
yield or with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. Consequences could be materially adverse for the Noteholders 
and they could lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
Moreover, the Issuer can purchase Notes pursuant to and subject to the conditions 
set forth in Condition 7(h) (Purchases) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(including any regulatory authorisation or approval), although the Issuer is not 
obligated to do so. Purchases made by the Issuer could affect the liquidity of the 
secondary market of the Notes and thus the price and the conditions under which 
investors can sell the Notes on the secondary market. 
2.3 
Any decline in the credit ratings of the Notes or changes in rating 
methodologies may affect the market value and the liquidity of the Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies (such as Standard & Poor’s, 
Moody’s or Fitch) may assign credit ratings of the Issuer with respect to its long- and 
short-term debt. The credit ratings of the Issuer with respect to its long- and short-
term debt are an assessment of its ability to pay its obligations, including those under 
the Notes, the value of which may be affected, in part, by investors’ general appraisal 
of the Issuer’s creditworthiness. Consequently, actual or anticipated declines in the 
credit ratings of the Issuer may significantly affect the credit ratings of the Notes 
which in turn could significantly affect the market value of the Notes, as well as their 
liquidity on the secondary market. As a result, there is a risk that investors may not 
be able to sell their Notes easily or at the price at which they would have sold the 
Notes had the credit ratings of the Issuer not declined.  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Standard & Poor’s assigns long- and short-term 
Issuer Credit Ratings to Crédit Agricole S.A. and Crédit Agricole S.A.’s senior 
preferred debt of A+ / Stable outlook / A-1. Moody’s assigns long- and short-term 
Issuer Ratings to Crédit Agricole S.A. and Crédit Agricole S.A.’s senior preferred 
debt of A1 / Stable outlook / P-1. Fitch assigns long- and short-term Issuer Default 
Ratings to Crédit Agricole S.A. and Crédit Agricole S.A.’s senior preferred debt of

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
28 
A+ (long term Issuer) / AA- (long term senior preferred debt) / Stable outlook / F1 
(short term Issuer) / F1+ (short term senior preferred debt). The Deeply 
Subordinated Notes, the Subordinated Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
are expected to be rated below Crédit Agricole S.A.’s long-term and short-term 
senior preferred debt.  
In addition, the credit rating agencies may revise or withdraw the credit ratings 
assigned to the Issuer with respect to its long- and short-term debt at any time or 
may change their methodologies for rating securities with similar features to the 
Notes in the future. This may include the relationship between ratings assigned to 
an issuer's senior securities and ratings assigned to securities with features similar 
to the Notes, sometimes called “notching”. If the rating agencies were to change 
their practices for rating such securities in the future and/or the ratings of the Notes 
were to be subsequently lowered, revised, suspended or withdrawn, this may have 
a negative impact on the trading price of the Notes and as a result, Noteholders 
could lose part of their investment in the Notes 
2.4 
Foreign currency Notes expose investors to foreign-exchange risk as well as 
to Issuer risk 
Condition 5 (Interest and other calculations) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies. As purchasers of 
foreign currency notes, investors are exposed to the risk of changing foreign 
exchange rates. This risk is in addition to any performance risk that relates to the 
Issuer or the type of Note being issued. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the relevant Specified 
Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
“Investor's Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk 
that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation 
of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls. Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, including 
financial, economic and political events over which the Issuer has no control. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) 
the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. If the 
risk ever materialises, the Noteholders may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal as measured in the Investor’s Currency. 
3. 
Risks related to Deeply Subordinated Notes 
3.1 
Deeply Subordinated Notes are deeply subordinated obligations and are 
junior to substantially all of the Issuer’s other obligations 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Deeply Subordinated Notes (including, where 
applicable, any Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons related thereto) are, upon issue,

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
29 
unsecured and deeply subordinated obligations and, so long as the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes constitute, fully or partly, Additional Tier 1 Capital will rank pari 
passu with all other Deeply Subordinated Obligations and junior to the present and 
future prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, present and future titres participatifs 
issued by the Issuer, Capital Subordinated Obligations, Other Subordinated 
Obligations and Unsubordinated Obligations as more fully described in Condition 
3(c) (Deeply Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
While the ranking of the Deeply Subordinated Notes will increase if they are ever 
fully excluded from the Crédit Agricole Group and/or Crédit Agricole S.A. Group’s 
Additional Tier 1 Capital, such an event is unlikely absent a change in applicable 
regulations. Moreover, if the Deeply Subordinated Notes are likely to be fully or 
partially excluded from the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group and/or the Crédit Agricole 
Group Additional Tier 1 Capital, a Capital Event will occur, which will give the Issuer 
the right to redeem the Deeply Subordinated Notes as provided in Condition 7(d) 
(Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to Subordinated 
Notes and Deeply Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
If the Deeply Subordinated Notes are redeemed, holders of Deeply Subordinated 
Notes will not realise the practical benefits of the higher ranking. 
As long as the Deeply Subordinated Notes fully or partly qualify as Additional Tier 1 
Capital, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, or if the Issuer is liquidated for any 
other reason (liquidation amiable), the rights of payment of the holders of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes will be subordinated to the payment in full of present and future 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including depositors) and any other present 
and future creditors whose claims rank senior to the Deeply Subordinated Notes. In 
the context of any such judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or liquidation for any 
other reason (liquidation amiable) of the Issuer and in the event of incomplete 
payment of unsubordinated creditors and any other creditors that are senior to the 
holders of the Deeply Subordinated Notes, upon the liquidation of the Issuer, the 
obligations of the Issuer in connection with the Deeply Subordinated Notes will be 
terminated and the Noteholders will lose their investment in such Deeply 
Subordinated Notes. 
In addition, the Deeply Subordinated Notes may be written-down or converted into 
equity securities or other instruments (i) so long as they constitute, fully or partly, 
Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital, independently and/or before a resolution 
procedure is initiated and after such resolution procedure is initiated pursuant to the 
bail-in power of a relevant resolution authority, and/or (ii) if and when the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes are fully excluded from Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital, 
after a resolution procedure is initiated pursuant to the bail-in power of a relevant 
resolution authority. Due to the fact that the Deeply Subordinated Notes (including 
when such Deeply Subordinated Notes are fully excluded from Additional Tier 1 
Capital and Tier 2 Capital) rank junior to the Issuer’s Unsubordinated Obligations, 
they would be written-down or converted in full before any of the Issuer’s 
Unsubordinated Obligations are written-down or converted. Please refer to the risk 
factor “The Notes may be subject to mandatory write-down or conversion to equity 
under European and French laws relating to bank recovery and resolution or 
extraordinary State financial support” above.

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
30 
Holders of the Deeply Subordinated Notes bear significantly more risk than holders 
of the Issuer’s Unsubordinated Obligations (such as the Senior Notes) or any 
obligation ranking senior, at any time, to such Deeply Subordinated Notes (such as 
the Senior Notes and, so long as the Deeply Subordinated Notes constitute, fully or 
partly, Additional Tier 1 Capital, the Subordinated Notes). As a consequence, there 
is a high risk that investors in Deeply Subordinated Notes will lose all or a significant 
part of their investments if the Crédit Agricole Group (including the Issuer) were to 
enter into resolution or liquidation proceedings. 
3.2 
The Issuer may cancel all or some of the interest payments on the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes at its discretion for any reason, or be required to cancel 
all or some of such interest payments in certain cases 
Pursuant to Condition 5(l)3 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may elect, at its full discretion, to cancel 
permanently some or all of the Interest Amounts otherwise scheduled to be paid on 
an Interest Payment Date in respect of the Deeply Subordinated Notes.  
 In addition, the Issuer will be required to cancel permanently some or all of such 
Interest Amounts in respect of the Deeply Subordinated Notes if and to the extent 
that one of the following occurs: 
• 
Payment of the scheduled Interest Amount, when aggregated with 
distributions on all Tier 1 Capital instruments paid or scheduled for payment in 
the then current financial year, would exceed the amount of Distributable Items 
then applicable to the Issuer. Tier 1 Capital instruments include other similar 
instruments that qualify as Tier 1 Capital (including other Additional Tier 1 
Capital instruments). Distributable Items are equal to the Issuer’s net income 
and reserves, before payments on capital instruments, determined on the 
basis of the Issuer’s unconsolidated financial statements. 
• 
Payment of the scheduled Interest Amount, when aggregated with any other 
payments or distributions of the kind referred to in Article 141(2) of the CRD 
Directive would cause the Relevant Maximum Distributable Amount to be 
exceeded. Distributions referred to in Article 141(2) of the CRD Directive 
include dividends, payments, distributions and write up amounts on all Tier 1 
instruments (including the Deeply Subordinated Notes and other Additional 
Tier 1 instruments), and certain types of variable compensation paid to 
employees (such as bonuses). The Relevant Maximum Distributable Amount 
imposes a cap on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes, and on the Issuer’s ability to reinstate the Current 
Principal Amount of the Deeply Subordinated Notes following a Write-Down 
upon the occurrence of a Capital Ratio Event. The Relevant Maximum 
Distributable Amount will apply if certain capital buffers are not maintained, (i) 
on top of minimum capital ratio requirements (“Pillar 1” or “P1R”) and additional 
capital ratio requirements (“Pillar 2” or “P2R”) (known as the “MDA”), (ii) on top 
of the minimum MREL requirements (known as the “M-MDA”), or (iii) on top of 
the leverage ratio (known as the “L-MDA”). The Relevant Maximum 
Distributable Amount is generally equal to a percentage of the current period’s 
net income, group share, with the percentage ranging between 0% and 60%

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
31 
depending on the extent to which the relevant capital ratios are below the 
capital buffer level requirements. 
• 
The Relevant Regulator notifies the Issuer that it has determined, in its sole 
discretion, that the Interest Amount should be cancelled in whole or in part 
based on its assessment of the financial and solvency situation of the Issuer. 
The Issuer’s Distributable Items will depend to a large extent on the net income 
earned by the Issuer from its refinancing activities for the Crédit Agricole Network, 
and on the dividends that it receives from its subsidiaries and affiliates. As of 31 
December 2024, the Issuer had €42.9 billion of potential Distributable Items, 
including current net income, reserves and share premium. However, in order for 
share premium to be included in the Issuer’s Distributable Items, the Issuer’s 
ordinary general shareholders meeting must adopt a resolution to reallocate the 
share premium to a reserve account and such reallocation must be approved by the 
Relevant Regulator. The Issuer might not adopt such resolutions or receive 
regulatory approval, or the amount of share premium reallocated to a reserve 
account may not be sufficient to ensure the availability of Distributable Items in the 
future.  
As of 31 December 2024, based on the requirements from the 2023 supervisory 
review and evaluation process performed by the ECB for 2024 (the “2023 SREP”), 
(x) the Crédit Agricole Group’s “distance to trigger” was approximately 197 basis 
points (approximately €43 billion) and (y) the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group’s “distance 
to trigger” was approximately 296 basis points (approximately €12 billion). Further, 
had the requirements resulting from the 2024 supervisory review and evaluation 
process performed by the ECB for 2025 (the “2024 SREP”) been applicable as of 
31 December 2024 (and not as of 1 January 2025, the date on which they became 
applicable), (x) the Crédit Agricole Group’s “distance to trigger” would have been 
approximately 197 basis points (approximately €43 billion), and (y) the Crédit 
Agricole S.A. Group’s “distance to trigger” would have been approximately 296 basis 
points (approximately €12 billion). The “distance to trigger” is the lowest amount by 
which the relevant ratio of the Crédit Agricole Group or the Crédit Agricole S.A. 
Group (as applicable) exceeds the relevant buffers over the capital, MREL or 
leverage requirement. See “Solvency and Resolution Ratios” for additional 
information relating to the buffers and the capital ratio, MREL and leverage ratio 
requirements.  
Any cancellation of an Interest Amount or the perception that the Issuer will need to 
cancel an Interest Amount would have a material adverse effect on the trading price 
of the Deeply Subordinated Notes and would materially negatively impact 
Noteholders’ returns. In addition, as a result of the interest cancellation provisions, 
the trading price of the Deeply Subordinated Notes may be more volatile than the 
trading prices of other interest-bearing debt securities that are not subject to such 
interest cancellation provisions. As a result, the trading price of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes may be significantly more sensitive generally to adverse 
changes in the Issuer’s financial condition than such other securities and 
Noteholders may receive significantly less interest than initially anticipated. 
Moreover, because the Issuer is entitled to cancel Interest Amounts at its full 
discretion, it may do so even if it could make such payments without exceeding the

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
32 
limits above. Interest Amounts on the Deeply Subordinated Notes may be cancelled 
even if holders of the Issuer's Shares continue to receive dividends.  
As a result of these provisions, it may be difficult for Noteholders to anticipate the 
Interest Amounts they will receive on any Interest Payment Date. 
Once an Interest Amount has been cancelled, it will no longer be payable by the 
Issuer or considered accrued or owed to the Noteholders. Cancelled Interest 
Amounts will not be reinstated or paid upon a Return to Financial Health, in 
liquidation or otherwise. Cancellation of Interest Amounts will not constitute a default 
under the Deeply Subordinated Notes for any purpose or give the Noteholders any 
right to petition for the insolvency or dissolution of the Issuer. Any actual or 
anticipated cancellation of interest on the Deeply Subordinated Notes is likely to 
have a material adverse effect on the trading price of the Deeply Subordinated Notes.  
In addition, to the extent that the Deeply Subordinated Notes trade on any Regulated 
Market, any stock exchange or other trading systems with accrued interest, 
purchasers of the Deeply Subordinated Notes in the secondary market may pay a 
price that reflects an expectation of the payment of accrued interest. If the Interest 
Amount scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date is cancelled in whole or 
in part, such purchasers will not receive the relevant portion of the Interest Amount. 
Cancellation of interest, or an expectation of cancellation, may materially adversely 
affect the market price or liquidity of the Deeply Subordinated Notes. 
3.3 
The principal amount of the Deeply Subordinated Notes may be reduced to 
absorb losses 
If a Capital Ratio Event occurs, the Current Principal Amount of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes will be written down by the Write-Down Amount, as further 
described in Condition 6(a) (Loss Absorption) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes. As a result, the holders of the Deeply Subordinated Notes would lose all or 
part of their investment, at least on a temporary basis.  
A Capital Ratio Event will occur if, at any time, the CET1 Capital Ratio of the Crédit 
Agricole S.A. Group falls or remains below 5.125%, or if the CET1 Capital Ratio of 
the Crédit Agricole Group falls or remains below 7.0%. If the amount by which the 
Current Principal Amount is written down, when taken together with the write-down 
of any other Loss Absorbing Instruments, is insufficient to cure the triggering Capital 
Ratio Event, the Current Principal Amount of the Deeply Subordinated Notes will be 
Written Down substantially (or nearly entirely). In addition, in determining the amount 
by which the Current Principal Amount of the Deeply Subordinated Notes is written 
down, the Terms and Conditions of the Deeply Subordinated Notes take into account 
the full impact from outstanding Convertible Additional Tier 1 Instruments that are 
converted into CET1 Capital upon a Capital Ratio Event (or an event bearing a 
different name but identical in substance to a Capital Ratio Event). However, once 
the Existing Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments outstanding are either no longer 
outstanding or are fully excluded from Tier 1 Capital of Crédit Agricole S.A. Group 
and the Crédit Agricole Group, the Terms and Conditions of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes will, for purposes of determining the Write-Down Amount, treat 
all Convertible Additional Tier 1 Instruments as if their terms permitted partial 
conversions into CET1 Capital, irrespective of whether they are fully convertible by 
their terms.This variation in the determination of the write-down of the Current

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
33 
Principal Amount of the Deeply Subordinated Notes will occur automatically and 
without the need to obtain the consent or approval of the Noteholders. From the date 
of such variation, the amount by which the Current Principal Amount of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes is written down upon a Capital Ratio Event may be greater given 
that it will reflect a lower positive impact to the CET1 Capital Ratio as a result of 
taking into account only the hypothetical partial conversion of otherwise fully 
convertible Convertible Additional Tier 1 Instruments. 
The Current Principal Amount of the Deeply Subordinated Notes may be subject to 
Write-Down even if holders of the Issuer’s Shares continue to receive dividends or 
otherwise receive a return on their investment. In the event that a Capital Ratio Event 
occurs after a redemption notice has been given, but before the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes are redeemed, such redemption notice will be in no force and 
effect and any future redemption would be at a Current Principal Amount reflecting 
the Write-Down in respect to such Capital Ratio Event. Further, following a Write-
Down, the Issuer will continue to have the option to redeem the Deeply Subordinated 
Notes in accordance with their terms (including pursuant to the Issuer’s optional 
redemption right). As a result, the Issuer may elect to redeem the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes (subject to satisfying the conditions for redemption) event if the 
Current Principal Amount of the Deeply Subordinated Notes has not been reinstated 
in full, which would result in a material loss by the holders of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes of their investment in the Deeply Subordinated Notes. 
Although Condition 6(c) (Return to Financial Health) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes will allow the Issuer in its full discretion to reinstate written off principal 
amounts up to the Maximum Write Up Amount if there is a Return to Financial Health 
and provided certain other conditions are met, the Issuer is under no obligation to 
do so. Moreover, the Issuer’s ability to write up the principal amount of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes depends on there being sufficient Relevant Consolidated Net 
Income and, if the capital buffer, MREL buffer or leverage buffer is not met, there 
being a sufficient Relevant Maximum Distributable Amount, in each case determined 
at the level of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group and the Crédit Agricole Group. Such 
conditions may never be met.  
If any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason 
(liquidation amiable) prior to the Deeply Subordinated Notes being written up in full 
pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Return to Financial Health) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, the claims for principal of the holders of the Deeply Subordinated Notes 
will be based on the reduced Current Principal Amount of the Deeply Subordinated 
Notes. As a result, if a Capital Ratio Event occurs, holders of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes may lose some or substantially all of their investment in the 
Deeply Subordinated Notes. Any actual or anticipated indication that a Capital Ratio 
Event is likely to occur, including any indication that the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group’s 
CET1 Capital Ratio is approaching 5.125% or Crédit Agricole Group’s CET1 Capital 
Ratio is approaching 7.0%, will have a significant adverse effect on the market price 
of the Deeply Subordinated Notes. As of 31 December 2024, the Crédit Agricole S.A. 
Group’s phased-in CET1 Capital Ratio was 11.7% (11.6% fully-loaded) and the

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
34 
Crédit Agricole Group’s phased-in CET1 Capital Ratio was 17.2% (17.1% fully-
loaded). 
The Current Principal Amount of the Deeply Subordinated Notes may also be 
subject to write-down or conversion to equity in certain circumstances including 
under the BRRD, as transposed into French law, and the Single Resolution 
Mechanism. See “The Notes may be subject to mandatory write-down or conversion 
to equity under European and French laws relating to bank recovery or extraordinary 
State financial support and resolution” above.  
While it is possible that a Loss Absorption Event will have occurred by the time the 
Issuer reaches the point at which statutory write-down or conversion of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes by resolution authorities becomes possible under the BRRD 
and SRMR frameworks, there may be cases in which the statutory provisions apply 
before the CET1 Capital Ratio of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group or the Crédit 
Agricole Group falls below the relevant trigger. As a result, the exercice of the write-
down or conversion powers by resolution authorities may result in the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes being written down (or converted to equity at a time when the 
Issuer’s share price is likely to be significantly depressed) even if the Loss 
Absorption Event triggers are not met. Any statutory write-down or conversion of the 
Deeply Subordinated Notes by resolutions authorities under such statutory 
provisions will be permanent, regardless of whether a Return to Financial Health 
subsequently occurs in respect of the Deeply Subordinated Notes. 
3.4 
The calculation of the CET1 Capital Ratios will be affected by a number of 
factors, which may affect differently the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group and the 
Crédit Agricole Group, and many of which may be outside the Issuer’s control 
The occurrence of a Capital Ratio Event, and therefore a Write-Down of the Current 
Principal Amount of the Deeply Subordinated Notes, in accordance with Condition 
6 (Loss Absorption And Return To Financial Health) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes, is inherently unpredictable and depends on a number of factors, many of 
which may be outside the Issuer’s control. Because the Relevant Regulator may 
require CET1 Capital Ratios to be calculated as of any date, a Capital Ratio Event 
could occur at any time. The calculation of the CET1 Capital Ratios of the Crédit 
Agricole S.A. Group and the Crédit Agricole Group could be affected by a wide range 
of factors, including, among other things, factors affecting the level of the Crédit 
Agricole S.A. Group’s or the Crédit Agricole Group’s earnings or dividend payments, 
the mix of either group’s businesses, their ability to effectively manage the risk 
weighted assets, losses in their commercial banking, investment banking or other 
businesses, changes in either group’s structure or organisation, or any of the factors 
referred to in “Risk Factors relating to the Issuer”. The calculation of the ratios may 
also be affected by changes in applicable accounting rules and the manner in which 
accounting policies are applied, including the manner in which permitted discretion 
under the applicable accounting rules is exercised.  
Given that the occurrence of a Capital Ratio Event will be difficult to predict, it is not 
known when, if at all, the Current Principal Amount of the Deeply Subordinated 
Notes may be written down. Accordingly, the trading behaviour of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes may not necessarily follow the trading behaviour of other types 
of subordinated securities. Any indication that the CET1 Capital Ratio of either group

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
35 
is approaching the level that would trigger a Capital Ratio Event (whether actual or 
perceived) may have an adverse effect on the market price and liquidity of the 
Deeply Subordinated Notes. Under such circumstances, investors may not be able 
to sell their Deeply Subordinated Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with 
a yield comparable to more conventional investments. See “Solvency and 
Resolution Ratios” for more information with respect to the impact of the CET1 
Capital Ratios on the Deeply Subordinated Notes. 
Moreover, the factors that influence the CET1 Capital Ratio of the Crédit Agricole 
S.A. Group will not be identical to the factors that influence the CET1 Capital Ratio 
of the Crédit Agricole Group. For example, an event that has a negative impact on 
the net income of one of the Issuer’s subsidiaries is likely to have a greater relative 
impact on the CET1 Capital Ratio of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group than on the 
CET1 Capital Ratio of the Crédit Agricole Group, because the net income of the 
Crédit Agricole Group includes the net income of the Regional Banks on a fully 
consolidated basis, while the net income of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group does not 
(except with respect to the Caisse Régionale de la Corse). In addition, when the 
Issuer distributes dividends, the distributed amount fully impacts the CET1 Capital 
Ratio of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group in its full amount, while only 37.55% of the 
dividend distribution impacts the CET1 Capital Ratio of the Crédit Agricole Group, 
since a part of such dividend distribution is received by SAS Rue La Boétie, which 
holds 62.45% of the Issuer’s shares and is wholly-owned by the Regional Banks. 
Therefore, it is possible that a Capital Ratio Event will occur in respect of one group 
while the CET1 Capital Ratio of the other group remains above the relevant 
threshold level. 
The CET1 Capital Ratio of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group will also depend on a 
number of factors that will be eliminated in the consolidation process at the level of 
the Crédit Agricole Group and that therefore will not affect its CET1 Capital Ratio, 
such as the net interest income earned by the Issuer from its refinancing activity for 
the Crédit Agricole Network.  
On the other hand, certain factors may influence the CET1 Capital Ratio of the Crédit 
Agricole Group, but not that of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group. In particular, if a 
Regional Bank experiences reduced net income, the impact will be reflected in the 
net income of the Crédit Agricole Group but not that of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group. 
When a Local Bank makes distributions on the cooperative shares held by its 
cooperative shareholders, the distributions will impact the CET1 Capital Ratio of the 
Crédit Agricole Group, but not that of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group.  
The inclusion in the terms of the Deeply Subordinated Notes of two Capital Ratio 
Event triggers, one at the level of each group, renders the Deeply Subordinated 
Notes complex, and may make the likelihood of a Capital Ratio Event trigger even 
more difficult to analyse than is the case for similar Deeply Subordinated Notes with 
single level triggers. This complexity could have an adverse impact on the market 
price or the liquidity of the Deeply Subordinated Notes. 
3.5 
The method of determining the Relevant Maximum Distributable Amount is 
subject to uncertainty 
The determination of the Relevant Maximum Distributable Amount is particularly 
complex. The Relevant Maximum Distributable Amount imposes a cap on the

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
36 
Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Deeply Subordinated Notes, and on the Issuer’s 
ability to reinstate the Current Principal Amount of the Deeply Subordinated Notes 
following a Write-Down upon occurrence of a Capital Ratio Event. The Relevant 
Maximum Distributable Amount applies when certain capital buffers are not 
maintained (i) on top of minimum capital ratio requirements and additional ratio 
requirements (MDA) (ii) on top of minimum MREL requirements (M-MDA) or (iii) on 
top of the leverage ratio (L-MDA).  
There are a number of factors that render the application of the Relevant Maximum 
Distributable Amount particularly complex and uncertain: 
• 
Relevant authorities may decide to apply certain buffers (such as the systemic 
risk buffer or the countercyclical buffer) or to change their level. Similarly, the 
level of P2R which the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group or the Crédit Agricole Group 
must maintain in addition to the P1R is determined by the relevant authorities. 
Both may change over time and are subject to the ongoing evolution of 
applicable regulations. As a result, the potential impact of the Relevant 
Maximum Distributable Amount on the Deeply Subordinated Notes may 
change over time. 
• 
The Relevant Maximum Distributable Amount is defined as the lower of the 
amount resulting from the calculation at the level of the Crédit Agricole S.A. 
Group or the Crédit Agricole Group. Some capital buffers will apply only to one 
or the other of the two groups. In addition, if a capital buffer is not respected, 
it is not completely clear which group’s consolidated net income will be taken 
into account in determining the Maximum Distributable Amount of either group, 
or therefore the Relevant Maximum Distributable Amount. It is also possible 
that some payments of the type contemplated in Article 141(2) of the CRD 
Directive will affect the maximum distributable amount applicable to one group 
but not the one applicable to the other. 
• 
The Issuer will have the discretion to determine how to allocate the Relevant 
Maximum Distributable Amount among the different types of payments 
contemplated in Article 141(2) of the CRD Directive. Moreover, payments 
made earlier in the year will reduce the remaining Relevant Maximum 
Distributable Amount available for payments later in the year, and the Issuer 
will have no obligation to preserve any portion of the Relevant Maximum 
Distributable Amount for payments scheduled to be made later in a given year. 
Even if the Issuer attempts to do so, it may not be successful because the 
Relevant Maximum Distributable Amount will depend on the amount of net 
income earned during the course of the year, which will necessarily be difficult 
to predict. 
These issues and other possible issues of interpretation make it difficult to determine 
how the Relevant Maximum Distributable Amount would apply as a practical matter 
to limit interest payments on the Deeply Subordinated Notes and the reinstatement 
of the Current Principal Amount of the Deeply Subordinated Notes following a Write-
Down. This uncertainty and the resulting complexity may adversely impact the 
trading price and the liquidity of the Deeply Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
37 
3.6 
The Issuer has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of Deeply 
Subordinated Notes in connection with its strategic decisions, including those 
that may impact the CET1 Capital Ratio, Distributable Items or any Relevant 
Maximum Distributable Amount 
The CET1 Capital Ratio, Distributable Items and any Relevant Maximum 
Distributable Amount will depend in part on decisions made by the Issuer and other 
entities in the applicable group relating to their businesses and operations, as well 
as the management of their capital position. The Issuer and other entities in the 
Crédit Agricole Group will have no obligation to consider the interests of holders of 
the Deeply Subordinated Notes in connection with their strategic decisions, including 
in respect of capital management and the relationship among the various entities in 
the group and the group’s structure. The Issuer may decide not to raise capital at a 
time when it is feasible to do so, even if that would result in the occurrence of a 
Capital Ratio Event. It may decide not to propose to its shareholders to reallocate 
share premium to a reserve account (which is necessary in order for share premium 
to be included in Distributable Items). Moreover, in order to avoid the use of public 
resources, the Relevant Regulator may decide that the Issuer should allow a Capital 
Ratio Event to occur or cancel an interest payment at a time when it is feasible to 
avoid this. Holders of the Deeply Subordinated Notes will not have any claim against 
the Issuer or any other entity in the Crédit Agricole Group relating to decisions that 
affect the capital position of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group or the Crédit Agricole 
Group, regardless of whether they result in the occurrence of a Capital Ratio Event 
or a lack of Distributable Items or Relevant Maximum Distributable Amount. Such 
decisions could cause holders of the Deeply Subordinated Notes to lose all or part 
of their investment in the Deeply Subordinated Notes. 
3.7 
The Deeply Subordinated Notes are undated securities with no specified 
maturity date 
In accordance with Condition 7(a)(ii)(B) (Final Redemption of Deeply Subordinated 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Deeply Subordinated Notes 
are undated securities with no fixed redemption or maturity date. The Issuer is under 
no obligation to redeem the Deeply Subordinated Notes at any time.  
As a consequence, the Noteholders will have no right to require the redemption of 
the Deeply Subordinated Notes, unless a judgment is issued for the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any 
other reason (liquidation amiable). Therefore, Noteholders may be required to bear 
financial risks of an investment in Deeply Subordinated Notes for an indefinite period 
and may not recover their investment for the foreseeable future or at all. 
4. 
Risks related to Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred 
Notes  
4.1 
Subordinated Notes are subordinated obligations and are junior to certain 
obligations  
The Issuer’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes (including, where applicable, 
any Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons related thereto) are unsecured and 
subordinated and will rank junior in priority of payment to Other Subordinated

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
38 
Obligations and Unsubordinated Obligations of the Issuer, as more fully described 
in Condition 3(b) (Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
While the ranking of the Subordinated Notes will increase if they are ever fully or 
partially excluded from the Crédit Agricole Group S.A. Group and/or Crédit Agricole 
Group’s Tier 2 Capital, such an event is unlikely absent a change in applicable 
regulations. Moreover, if the Subordinated Notes are likely to be fully or partially 
excluded from the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group and/or the Crédit Agricole Group’s Tier 
2 Capital, a Capital Event will occur, which will give the Issuer the right to redeem 
the Subordinated Notes, as provided in Condition 7(d) (Redemption upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to Subordinated Notes and Deeply 
Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. If the Subordinated 
Notes are redeemed, Noteholders will not realise the practical benefits of the higher 
ranking. 
As long as the Subordinated Notes fully or partly qualify as Tier 2 Capital, if any 
judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason 
(liquidation amiable), the rights of payment of the holders of the Subordinated Notes 
(including, where applicable, any Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons related thereto) 
will be subordinated to the payment in full of present and future unsubordinated 
creditors (including depositors) and any present and future creditors whose claims 
rank senior to the holders of Subordinated Notes and, consequently, the risk of non-
payment for the Subordinated Notes will be increased. In the context of any such 
judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer and in the event of incomplete 
payment of unsubordinated creditors and any other creditors that are senior to the 
holders of Subordinated Notes, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the 
Subordinated Notes (including, where applicable, any Receipts, Talons and/or 
Coupons related thereto) will be terminated and Noteholders would lose their 
investment in the Subordinated Notes (including, where applicable, any Receipts, 
Talons and/or Coupons related thereto).  
In addition, the Subordinated Notes may be written-down or converted into equity 
securities or other instruments (i) so long as they constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 
Capital, independently and/or before a resolution procedure is initiated and after 
such resolution procedure is initiated pursuant to the bail-in power of a relevant 
resolution authority, and/or (ii) if and when the Subordinated Notes are fully excluded 
from Tier 2 Capital, after a resolution procedure is initiated pursuant to the bail-in 
power of a relevant resolution authority. Due to the fact that Subordinated Notes 
(including when such Subordinated Notes are fully excluded from Tier 2 Capital) 
rank junior to the Issuer’s Unsubordinated Obligations (such as the Senior Notes), 
in connection with any resolution proceeding, they would be written-down or 
converted in full before any of the Issuer’s Unsubordinated Obligations are written-
down or converted. Please refer to the risk factor “The Notes may be subject to 
mandatory write-down or conversion to equity under European and French laws 
relating to bank recovery and resolution” above. 
Holders of the Subordinated Notes bear significantly more risk than holders of senior 
obligations (such as the Senior Notes). As a consequence, there is a substantial risk 
that investors in Subordinated Notes will lose all or a significant part of their 
investments if the Issuer were to enter into resolution or liquidation proceedings.

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
39 
4.2 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and are 
junior to certain obligations 
While the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, where applicable, any Receipts, 
Talons and/or Coupons related thereto) by their terms are expressed, in accordance 
with Condition 3(a)(ii) (Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes, to be direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior (chirographaires) 
obligations of the Issuer, they nonetheless rank junior in priority of payment to Senior 
Preferred Obligations in the case of judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire). The 
Senior Preferred Obligations (including, the Senior Preferred Notes and, where 
applicable, any Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons related thereto), in accordance 
with Condition 3(a)(i) (Senior Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, comprise all of the Issuer’s deposit obligations, the Issuer’s obligations in 
respect of derivatives and other financial contracts, the Issuer’s unsubordinated debt 
securities outstanding as of the date of the entry into force of Article L.613-30-3–I-4° 
of the French Code monétaire et financier and all unsubordinated or senior debt 
securities issued thereafter that are not expressed to be senior non-preferred 
obligations within the meaning of Articles L.613-30-3–I-4° and R.613-28 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier.  
As a consequence, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring 
the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, the rights of payment of 
the holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, where applicable, any 
Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons related thereto) will be subordinated to the 
payment in full of holders of all present and future Senior Preferred Obligations 
(including the Senior Preferred Notes) and all present and future undertakings 
benefiting from statutory preferences. In context of any such judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer and in the event of incomplete payment all 
present and future Senior Preferred Obligations (including the Senior Preferred 
Notes) and all present and future undertakings benefiting from statutory preferences 
upon the liquidation of the Issuer, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, where applicable, any Receipts, Talons 
and/or Coupons related thereto) will be terminated and the relevant Noteholders will 
lose their investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, where applicable, 
any Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons related thereto). 
In addition, if the Crédit Agricole Group (including the Issuer) enters into a resolution, 
its Eligible Liabilities (including the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) may be subject to 
bail-in, meaning potential write-down or conversion into equity securities or other 
instruments, in the order of priority that would apply in judicial liquidation 
proceedings (liquidation judiciaire). Due to the fact that Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to Senior Preferred 
Obligations, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes would be written-down or converted in 
full before any of the Issuer’s senior preferred obligations were written-down or 
converted. Please refer to the risk factor “The Notes may be subject to mandatory 
write-down or conversion to equity under European and French laws relating to bank 
recovery and resolution” above. 
As a consequence, holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes bear significantly 
more risk than holders of Senior Preferred Obligations (such as the Senior Preferred

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
40 
Notes), and could lose all or a significant part of their investments if the Issuer were 
to enter into resolution or judicial liquidation proceedings. 
4.3 
The Senior Preferred Notes may become junior to deposit obligations under 
proposed European legislation 
On 18 April 2023, the European Commission presented a legislative package to 
adjust and further strengthen the EU's existing bank crisis management and deposit 
insurance (CMDI) framework by amending the BRRD, the Single Resolution 
Mechanism Regulation and the Deposit Guarantee Scheme Directive. The 
European Parliament published legislative resolutions setting out its position at first 
reading on the legislative package proposed by the European Commission on 25 
April 2024. The Council agreed on a negotiating mandate on the review of this 
legislative package on 19 June 2024 thus paving the way to interinstitutional 
negotiations in view of reaching an agreement in early second reading. If 
implemented as proposed, senior preferred debt instruments (such as Senior 
Preferred Notes) would no longer rank pari passu with any deposits of the Issuer; 
instead, senior preferred debt instruments (such as Senior Preferred Notes) would 
rank junior in right of payment to the claims of all depositors. As such, there could 
be an increased risk of an investor in senior preferred obligations (such as Senior 
Preferred Notes) losing all or some of its investment. 
4.4 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes may be undated 
securities with no specified maturity date 
In accordance with Condition 7(a)(ii)(A) (Final Redemption of Senior Notes and 
Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes may be undated securities with no 
fixed redemption or maturity date. Notwithstanding any early redemption features 
that may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer is under no obligation 
to redeem the Undated Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Undated Subordinated 
Notes at any time.  
As a consequence, the Noteholders will have no right to require the redemption of 
the Undated Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Undated Subordinated Notes (as 
applicable), except if a judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason (liquidation 
amiable). Therefore, Noteholders may be required to bear financial risks of an 
investment in Undated Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Undated Subordinated Notes 
(as applicable) for an indefinite period and may not recover their investment for the 
foreseeable future or at all. 
5. 
Other risks related to the structure of the Notes 
5.1 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari 
passu with Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated 
Notes or Deeply Subordinated Notes, or senior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
Subordinated Notes or Deeply Subordinated Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes place no restriction on the amount of debt 
that the Issuer may issue that ranks senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
41 
Subordinated Notes or the Deeply Subordinated Notes or on the amount of debt that 
the Issuer may issue that ranks pari passu with the Senior Preferred Notes, the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Subordinated Notes or the Deeply Subordinated 
Notes. The aggregate amount of such additional debt may be substantial.  
The Issuer’s issuance of additional debt may have important consequences for 
investors in the Notes, including increasing the risk of the Issuer’s inability to satisfy 
its obligations with respect to the Notes or a loss in the market value of the Notes. 
The issue of any such debt may reduce the amount recoverable by holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes or Deeply 
Subordinated Notes upon the Issuer's liquidation. If the Issuer's financial condition 
were to deteriorate, the relevant holders of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes or Deeply Subordinated Notes could suffer 
direct and materially adverse consequences, including suspension of interest and 
reduction of interest and principal and, if the Issuer were liquidated or become 
subject to any resolution procedure, the relevant holders of Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes or Deeply Subordinated Notes 
could suffer loss of all or a significant part of their investment. 
5.2 
The terms of the Notes do not provide for any event of default, or, if so 
specified in the Final Terms in respect of a particular Series of Senior 
Preferred Notes, provide for limited events of default  
Condition 11 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes does not 
provide for any event of default in respect of Deeply Subordinated Notes, 
Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
With respect to Senior Preferred Notes, pursuant to Condition 11 (Events of Default) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may decide to specify certain 
events of default as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. Such events of default 
are the following: the non-payment of amounts due under Senior Preferred Notes 
on their due date, the breach of any other obligation under Senior Preferred Notes 
or the insolvency (or other similar proceeding) of the Issuer. The relevant Final 
Terms for a particular Series of Senior Preferred Notes may provide that all or some 
only of such events of default are applicable. Even if all or some of the events of 
default are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the holder of any 
Senior Preferred Note may only give notice that such Senior Preferred Note is 
immediately due and repayable in a limited number of events. Such events do not 
include, for example, any other present or future indebtedness for money borrowed 
or otherwise raised by the Issuer becoming due and payable prior to its stated 
maturity by reason of default by the Issuer. 
With respect to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes, Deeply 
Subordinated Notes and, if no events of default are specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, Senior Preferred Notes, in no event will holders of such Notes 
be able to accelerate the maturity of their Notes or declare them due and payable in 
events that would negatively affect the market value of the Notes or the liquidity of 
the Notes on the secondary market. Accordingly, in the event that any payment on 
such Notes is not made when due, each holder will have a claim only for amounts 
then due and payable on their Notes. In such case, upon a payment default, the sole 
remedy available to Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
42 
payment of principal or interest will be the institution of proceedings to enforce such 
payment. This could result in significant delays in the payment of interest or principal 
and could adversely affect the liquidity and market value of the Notes. As a result, 
Noteholders could lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
5.3 
The terms of the Notes contain very limited covenants 
As contemplated in Condition 4 (No Negative Pledge) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, there is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. The Issuer may 
pledge assets to secure indebtedness without granting an equivalent pledge or 
security interest to the Notes. As a consequence, holders of the Notes bear more 
credit risk than secured creditors of the Issuer.  
The Issuer is generally permitted to sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially 
all of its assets to another corporation or other entity under the terms of the Notes. 
If the Issuer decides to dispose of a large amount of its assets, investors in the Notes 
will not be entitled to require the redemption of the Notes, and those assets will no 
longer be available to support the Notes. 
In addition, the Notes do not require the Issuer to comply with financial ratios or 
otherwise limit its ability or that of its subsidiaries or affiliates to incur additional debt, 
nor do they limit the Issuer’s ability to use cash to make investments or acquisitions, 
or the ability of the Issuer or its subsidiaries or affiliates to pay dividends, repurchase 
shares or otherwise distribute cash to shareholders.  
Such actions could severely affect the Issuer’s ability to service its debt obligations, 
including under the Notes and this could have a severe adverse impact on the 
Noteholders. As a result, Noteholders could lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
5.4 
The terms of the Notes contain a waiver of set-off clause 
As provided in Condition 15 (Waiver of Set-Off) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, no holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon may at any time exercise 
or claim any set-off right against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or may 
have or acquire against such holder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, 
for the avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising 
under or in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort, 
whether or not relating to such Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) and each such 
holder will be deemed to have waived all set-off right to the fullest extent permitted 
by applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and 
liabilities.  
As a result, holders of the Notes will not at any time be entitled to set-off the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Notes against obligations owed by them to the Issuer, and 
more generally to exercise or claim any set-off right.  
This waiver of set-off could therefore have an adverse impact on the counterparty 
risk for a Noteholder in the event that the Issuer were to become insolvent and 
Noteholders could receive a lower return on their investments in the Notes.

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
43 
5.5 
Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
Condition 12 (Representation of Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes contains provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders or consulting them by 
way of Written Resolutions to consider matters affecting their interests generally (but 
if the relevant Final Terms in respect of a series of Notes specify “No Masse”, 
Noteholders will not be grouped in a Masse having legal personality governed by 
the provisions of the French Code de commerce and will not be represented by a 
representative of the Masse), including the modification of such Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes.  
Those provisions permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting, 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority and Noteholders who 
did not respond to, or rejected, the relevant Written Resolution. Noteholders 
investing in the Notes may therefore be bound by Collective Decisions in which they 
have not participated or which they opposed. 
Further, if a Collective Decision to modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes is 
adopted by a defined majority of Noteholders and such modifications were to impair 
or limit the rights of the Noteholders, this may have a negative impact on the market 
value of the Notes. However, it remains unlikely that a defined majority of 
Noteholders adopt a decision that would have a negative impact on the market value 
of the Notes. 
6. 
Risks related to early redemption of the Notes 
6.1 
Any early redemption of Notes could cause the yield anticipated by 
Noteholders to be considerably less than anticipated 
In accordance with Condition 7(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) and 
Condition 7(f) (Clean-up Redemption Option) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes, the 
Issuer may, at its option, redeem the outstanding Notes, in whole or (in the case of 
a redemption at the option of the Issuer), in part, at their Optional Redemption 
Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest (if any) thereon.  
In addition, as contemplated by Condition 3 (Status of the Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, for regulatory purposes, the Subordinated Notes and the 
Deeply Subordinated Notes are intended to be treated as Tier 2 Capital and 
Additional Tier 1 Capital, respectively if a change in Applicable Banking Regulations 
occurs such that it is likely they will not have such treatment, then a Capital Event 
will occur and the Issuer will have the right to redeem them at their Early Redemption 
Amounts, together with accrued but unpaid interest (if any) thereon. 
In addition, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Subordinated Notes and the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes are intended to be MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments under the 
Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations; in addition, if and to the extent permitted by 
the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations, the Issuer may also treat the Senior 
Preferred Notes as MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments under the Applicable 
MREL/TLAC Regulations. While the Issuer believes that the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes are consistent with the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations, if Notes

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
44 
initially treated as MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments subsequently become ineligible 
due to a change in Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations, then, unless specified 
otherwise in the relevant Final Terms, a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event will 
occur. This will give the Issuer the option to redeem all, but not some only of, the 
relevant outstanding Notes at any time at their Early Redemption Amount, together 
with accrued but unpaid interest (if any) thereon, subject to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
Further, in accordance with Condition 7(b) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax 
Event, a Gross-Up Event and (in the case of Subordinated Notes and the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes only) a Tax Deductibility Event the Issuer may, at its option, 
redeem all, but not some only of, the outstanding Notes at any time at their Early 
Redemption Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest (if any) thereon. 
In each case, the Deeply Subordinated Notes may be redeemed (subject to 
satisfying the conditions for redemption) even if their Current Principal Amount has 
been Written-Down and has not been reinstated in full and is less than their Original 
Principal Amount. See “The principal amount of the Deeply Subordinated Notes may 
be reduced to absorb losses” above. 
An early redemption feature may adversely impact the market value of the Notes. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value 
of the Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can 
be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period if there is, or the 
market believes that there is, an increased likelihood of the Notes becoming eligible 
for redemption in the near term. In addition, such right of termination is often 
provided for bonds or notes in periods of high interest rates. If the market interest 
rates decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its right of 
termination increases. 
As a consequence, if the Issuer redeems the Notes in any of the circumstances 
mentioned above, there is a heightened risk that the Notes may be redeemed at 
times when the redemption proceeds are less than the current market value of the 
Notes or when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances, 
the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redeemed 
face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid 
by the Noteholder. As a consequence, a potentially significant part of the capital 
invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case would 
not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors that choose 
to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so 
only in securities with a potentially significantly lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
This could have a material adverse effect on the Noteholders who could lose part of 
their investment in the Notes 
6.2 
The Issuer is not required to redeem the Notes if it is prohibited by French law 
from paying additional amounts 
There is uncertainty as to whether gross-up obligations in general, including those 
under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, are enforceable under French law. If 
any payment obligations under the Notes, including the obligations to pay additional 
amounts under Condition 9 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, are

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors 
45 
held illegal or unenforceable under French law, the Issuer will have the right, but not 
the obligation, to redeem the Notes.  
Accordingly, if the Issuer does not redeem the Notes upon the occurrence of a 
Gross-Up Event, holders of such Notes may receive less than the full amount due, 
and the market value of such Notes will be adversely affected. 
7. 
Risks related to interest rate applicable to the Notes 
7.1 
Changes in interest rates may adversely affect the market value, the yield 
and/or the liquidity of Fixed Rate Notes 
In accordance with Condition 5(a)(i) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may issue Notes bearing a fixed rate of interest. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that changes in market interest 
rates after the issuance of such Notes may have a significant adverse effect on the 
market value, the yield and/or the liquidity of Fixed Rate Notes and, as a 
consequence, holders of Fixed Rate Notes may lose part of their investment in Fixed 
Rate Notes. 
7.2 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Fixed 
Rate Resettable Notes 
In accordance with Condition 5(a)(ii) (Interest on Fixed Rate Resettable Notes) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may issue Notes bearing initially 
a fixed rate of interest which will be reset during the life of the Fixed Rate Resettable 
Notes by reference to the then prevailing Reset Reference Rate, as adjusted for any 
applicable margin, on the reset dates specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Following any such reset, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest on the relevant Fixed Rate Resettable Notes may be lower than the 
Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest and/or any previous 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest. As a consequence, the reset of the rate of 
interest of Fixed Rate Resettable Notes may adversely affect the secondary market 
for and the market value of such Notes. 
Holders of Fixed Rate Resettable Notes are therefore exposed to the risk of 
fluctuating interest rate levels and due to such fluctuations, are not able to determine 
a definite yield of Fixed Rate Resettable Notes at the time they purchase them. 
Market volatility in interest rates, which is difficult to anticipate, may therefore have 
a significant adverse effect on the yield of Fixed Rate Resettable Notes and 
investors in Fixed Rate Resettable Notes who sell, transfer or dispose of their Notes 
on the secondary market could lose part of their investment. 
7.3 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their investment’s return on 
Floating Rate Notes 
In accordance with Condition 5(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may issue Notes bearing a floating rate of 
interest. A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that 
interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated due to the periodic

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors 
46 
adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate which will 
itself vary depending on general market conditions.  
Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield 
of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on 
investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest 
periods. If the relevant Final Terms provide for frequent interest payment dates for 
a particular Series of Floating Rate Notes, investors are exposed to reinvestment 
risks if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest 
income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing.  
Market volatility in interest rates, which is difficult to anticipate, may therefore have 
a significant adverse effect on the yield, the market value and/or the liquidity of 
Floating Rate Notes and Noteholders could receive a lower or no interest on such 
Notes. Please also refer to the risk factor “CMS Linked Notes and Inflation Linked 
Notes” below. 
7.4 
Changes in the method by which Benchmarks are determined, or the 
discontinuation of any benchmark, may adversely affect the rate of interest on 
or value of Benchmark Notes 
In accordance with Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, the rate of interest on the Notes (including Floating Rates 
Notes, Fixed / Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Resettable Notes) may be 
calculated on the basis of the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”), the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(“SONIA”), the Euro Short-Term Rate (“€STR”), the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
(“SARON”), the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate (“TONA”), the Canadian Overnight 
Repo Rate Average (“CORRA”) or any other reference rate specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (any such reference rate, a “Benchmark”), or by reference to a swap 
rate that is itself based on a Benchmark (collectively, the “Benchmark Notes”). 
Accordingly, changes in the method by which any Benchmark is calculated or the 
discontinuation of any Benchmark may impact the rate of interest applicable to 
Benchmark Notes bearing interest on the basis of such Benchmark, and thus their 
value. Please also refer to the risk factor “SOFR is a relatively new market index that 
may be used as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes and, as the related market 
continues to develop, there may be an adverse effect on the return on or value of 
the Notes” and the risk factor “The market continues to develop in relation to other 
risk free rates (including overnight rates such as SONIA, €STR, SARON, TONA or 
CORRA) as reference rates for Benchmark Notes”. 
EURIBOR and certain other Benchmarks have been subject to national and 
international regulatory reforms. Some of these reforms are already effective while 
others are still to be implemented, and the effect of any such reforms on the 
Benchmarks are not predicable. Following their implementation, the manner of the 
administration or determination of such Benchmarks may change with the result that 
they may perform differently than in the past, or their calculation method may be 
revised, or they could be eliminated entirely. In particular, in 2019, the method of 
determination of EURIBOR was changed by its administrator, the European Money 
Markets Institute (the “EMMI”). Because of the change in method, historical trends

--- Page 47 ---
Risk Factors 
47 
with respect to EURIBOR may not be indicative of trends that might apply on the 
basis of the new determination method.  
Any of these changes could have a negative impact on the value of and return on 
Benchmark Notes. In the European Union, Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 on 
indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds, as amended (the “Benchmark 
Regulation”) and, in the United Kingdom, the Benchmark Regulation as it has effect 
in UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmark Regulation”), each 
provides, among other things, that administrators of benchmarks in the European 
Union (such as the EMMI which currently administers EURIBOR) and in the United 
Kingdom, respectively must be authorised by or registered with the relevant 
regulators and that they must comply with a code of conduct designed primarily to 
ensure reliability of input data, governing issues such as conflicts of interest, internal 
controls and benchmark methodologies.  
The Benchmark Regulation and the UK Benchmark Regulation could have a 
negative impact on the value of and return on Benchmark Notes, in particular, if the 
terms of any applicable Benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmark Regulation or the UK Benchmark Regulation, as 
applicable. 
Changes in the methods pursuant to which EURIBOR or any other Benchmark is 
determined, or the announcement that a Benchmark will be replaced with a 
successor or alternative rate, could result in a sudden or prolonged increase or 
decrease in the reported values of such Benchmark, increased volatility or other 
effects. If this were to occur, the rate of interest on and the trading value of the 
Benchmark Notes could be adversely affected.  
7.5 
If any Benchmark is discontinued, the rate of interest on the affected 
Benchmark Notes will be changed in ways which may be adverse to holders 
of such Notes, without any requirement that the consent of such holders be 
obtained 
Pursuant to Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (in particular, Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)1.(z) where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)2.(y) where Screen Rate Determination and SOFR are specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms), Condition 5.(b)(iii)(C)3.(y) where Screen 
Rate Determination and SONIA are specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, Condition 5.(b)(iii)(C)4.(z) where Screen Rate Determination and €STR are 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms), Condition 5.(b)(iii)(C)5.(z) where 
Screen Rate Determination and SARON are specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, Condition 5.(b)(iii)(C)6.(y) where Screen Rate Determination and 
TONA are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, or Condition 
5.(b)(iii)(C)7(y) where Screen Rate Determination and CORRA are specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms), if any benchmark event (as provided under 
each of the above-mentioned provisions) occurs or if the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent determines at any time that the relevant Benchmark that constitutes the 
reference rate for such Notes has been discontinued, the Issuer will appoint a rate

--- Page 48 ---
Risk Factors 
48 
determination agent who will determine a replacement rate, acting in good faith, in 
a commercially reasonable manner and as an independent expert, as well as any 
necessary changes to the business day convention, the definition of business day, 
the interest determination date, the day count fraction and any method for calculating 
the replacement rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such 
replacement rate comparable to the relevant reference rate. Such replacement rate 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding, and no consent of the 
Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any replacement rate, any 
other related adjustments and/or amendments to the terms and conditions of the 
Benchmark Notes (or any other document) which are made in order to effect such 
replacement rate. 
The rate determination agent appointed by the Issuer may be an affiliate of the Issuer 
or one of the Dealers. Any exercise of discretion by the Issuer or an affiliate of the 
Issuer, as rate determination agent, could present a conflict of interest. In making 
the required determinations, decisions and elections, the Issuer or an affiliate of the 
Issuer may have economic interests that are adverse to the interest of the holders 
of the affected Benchmark Notes, and those determinations, decisions or elections 
could have a material adverse effect on the return on, value of and market for the 
Benchmark Notes. 
The replacement rate may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly its 
general evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements 
may be difficult to determine or measure. In addition, given the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of a replacement rate and the involvement of an agent, 
the fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time and the 
replacement rate may perform differently from the discontinued Benchmark. This 
could in turn impact the rate of interest on and trading value of the affected 
Benchmark Notes. 
If the rate determination agent is unable to determine an appropriate replacement 
rate for any Benchmark or if the Issuer is unable to appoint a rate determination 
agent, then the rate of interest on the affected Benchmark Notes will not be changed. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that, if it is not possible to determine 
a value for a given Benchmark, the relevant interest rate on such Notes will be the 
last available setting of such Benchmark plus the applicable Margin, effectively 
converting such Notes into fixed rate obligations. They may also provide for other 
fallbacks, such as consulting reference banks for rate quotations, which may prove 
to be unworkable if the reference banks decline to provide such quotations for a 
sustained period of time (or at all). 
Even if the rate determination agent is able to determine an appropriate replacement 
rate for any Benchmark, if the replacement of the Benchmark with the replacement 
rate would result in a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event, (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes or Deeply Subordinated Notes only) a Capital Event, or in the 
relevant resolution authority treating any future interest payment as the effective 
maturity of the Notes, the rate of interest will not be changed, but will instead be 
fixed on the basis of the last available quotation of the Benchmark. This could occur 
if, for example, the switch to the replacement rate would create an incentive to 
redeem the relevant Notes that would be inconsistent with the relevant requirements 
necessary to maintain the regulatory status of the Notes. While this mechanism will

--- Page 49 ---
Risk Factors 
49 
ensure that the Notes will not become subject to a potential regulatory event-based 
redemption, it will result in the Notes being effectively converted to fixed rate 
instruments. Investors holding such Notes might incur costs from unwinding hedges. 
Moreover, in a rising interest rate environment, holders of such Notes will not benefit 
from any increase in rates. The trading value of the Notes could as a consequence 
be adversely affected. 
It is possible that, if a Benchmark is discontinued, it will take some time before a 
clear successor rate is established in the market. Accordingly, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Fixed Rate Resettable Notes, Fixed / Floating Rate Notes and 
Floating Rate Notes provide as an ultimate fallback that, following the designation 
of a replacement rate, if the rate determination agent appointed by the Issuer 
considers that such replacement rate is no longer substantially comparable to the 
Benchmark or does not constitute an industry accepted successor rate, the Issuer 
will re-appoint a rate determination agent (which may or may not be the same entity 
as the original rate determination agent) for the purposes of confirming the 
replacement rate or determining a substitute replacement rate (despite the 
continued existence of the initial replacement rate). Any such substitute replacement 
rate, once designated pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, will apply 
to the affected Benchmark Notes without the consent of their holders. This could 
impact the rate of interest on and trading value of the affected Benchmark Notes. In 
addition, any holders of such Benchmark Notes that enter into hedging instruments 
based on the original replacement rate may find their hedges to be ineffective, and 
they may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the new 
replacement rate. In the event the initial replacement rate is confirmed, such 
replacement rate may prove to be no longer comparable to the initial Benchmark 
and may differ from other potential industry accepted successor rates, which could 
negatively impact the trading value of the affected Benchmark Notes. 
7.6 
SOFR is a relatively new market index that may be used as a reference rate for 
Benchmark Notes and, as the related market continues to develop, there may 
be an adverse effect on the return on or value of the SOFR-based Notes 
The rate of interest on the Notes may be calculated on the basis of SOFR as set 
forth in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)2. (Provisions specific to SOFR as Reference Rate) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Because SOFR is an overnight funding rate, 
interest on SOFR-based Notes with interest periods longer than overnight will be 
calculated on the basis of either the arithmetic mean of SOFR over the relevant 
interest period, or compounding during the relevant interest period, except during a 
specified period near the end of each interest payment date during which SOFR will 
be fixed. As a consequence of this calculation methods, the amount of interest 
payable on each interest payment date will only be known a short period of time 
prior to the relevant interest payment date. Investors therefore will not know in 
advance the Interest Amount which will be payable on such Notes.  
SOFR is a relatively new rate. The NY Federal Reserve began to publish SOFR in 
April 2018. Although the NY Federal Reserve has published historical indicative 
SOFR information going back to 2014, such prepublication historical data inherently 
involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Investors should not rely on 
any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of the future performance 
of SOFR. Daily changes in the rate may be more volatile than daily changes in other

--- Page 50 ---
Risk Factors 
50 
benchmark or market rates. As a result, the return on and value of SOFR-linked 
Notes may fluctuate more than floating rate debt securities that are linked to less 
volatile daily rates. 
Market terms for debt securities indexed to SOFR may evolve over time, and trading 
prices of SOFR-linked Notes may be lower than those of later-issued SOFR-linked 
debt securities as a result. Similarly, if SOFR does not remain a commonly used rate 
in securities like the Notes, the trading price of SOFR-linked Notes may be lower, 
and the trading market of SOFR-linked Notes less liquid, than those of notes linked 
to rates that are more widely used. Investors may not be able to sell SOFR-linked 
Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a more developed secondary market, 
and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
The NY Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR 
is subject to important limitations, including that the NY Federal Reserve may alter 
the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or 
availability of SOFR at any time without notice. There can be no guarantee that 
SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially 
adverse to the interests of investors in the Notes. If the manner in which SOFR is 
calculated is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that change or discontinuance 
may result in a reduction or elimination of the amount of interest payable on SOFR-
linked Notes and a reduction in the trading prices of such Notes. 
7.7 
The market continues to develop in relation to other risk free rates (including 
overnight rates such as SONIA, €STR, SARON,TONA or CORRA) as reference 
rates for Benchmark Notes 
The rate of interest on the Notes may also be calculated on the basis of other risk 
free rates such as SONIA, €STR, SARON,TONA or CORRA as set forth in Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. Similarly to SOFR-linked Notes, because SONIA, €STR, 
SARON,TONA and CORRA are overnight funding rates, interest on SONIA-, €STR-, 
SARON, TONA and CORRA-based Notes with interest periods longer than 
overnight will be calculated on the basis of SONIA, €STR, SARON,TONA or CORRA 
as applicable, compounded during the relevant interest period except during a 
specified period near the end of each interest payment date during which such risk 
free rate will be fixed. As a consequence of this calculation method, the amount of 
interest payable on each interest payment date will only be known a short period of 
time prior to the relevant interest payment date. Investors therefore will not know in 
advance the Interest Amount which will be payable on such Benchmark Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as SONIA, €STR, 
SARON,TONA or CORRA as a reference rate in the capital markets and their 
adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. In particular, market 
participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates 
based on SONIA or €STR, including term SONIA and term €STR reference rates 
which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average rate over a 
designated term. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA, €STR, 
SARON,TONA or CORRA that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and

--- Page 51 ---
Risk Factors 
51 
Conditions as applicable to Benchmark Notes referencing such reference rates. The 
nascent development of compounded daily SONIA, compounded daily €STR as well 
as compounded daily SARON,TONA or CORRA as an interest reference rate, as 
well as continued development of SONIA-, €STR-, SARON-,TONA- and CORRA-
based rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise 
affect the market price of any SONIA-, €STR-, SARON-,TONA- or CORRA-
referenced Notes issued under the programme from time to time. 
7.8 
The conversion feature of the Fixed / Floating Notes may affect the secondary 
market and the market value of the Fixed / Floating Notes 
In accordance with Condition 5(c) (Interest on Fixed / Floating Rate Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may issue Notes bearing interest at 
a rate that will automatically convert from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a 
Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate, on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
If a Fixed Rate is converted to a Floating Rate, the spread on the Fixed / Floating 
Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating 
Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new Floating Rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Please also refer to the risk factor 
“Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their investment’s return on 
Floating Rate Notes” above. 
If a Floating Rate is converted to a Fixed Rate, the new Fixed Rate may be lower 
than then prevailing rates on other Notes, which may affect the market yield of the 
Fixed / Floating Notes. 
As a consequence, such conversion feature may affect the secondary market and 
the market value, the yield and/or the liquidity of such Fixed / Floating Notes and 
may lead to losses for the Noteholders. 
7.9 
CMS Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Notes 
In accordance with Condition 5(f) (Interest on CMS Linked Notes) and Condition 5(g) 
(Inflation Linked Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may 
issue CMS Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Notes with an interest determined by 
reference to an Index or a CMS Rate as adjusted by certain other factors, such as 
a Gearing Factor or a Cap as specified in the relevant Final Terms (each, a 
“Relevant Factor”). 
CMS Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Notes differ from ordinary debt securities 
and the market price of such Notes may be volatile. The amounts due in respect of 
interest will be dependent upon the performance of the underlying CMS Rate or 
Inflation Indices, which itself may contain substantial credit, interest rate or other 
risks. The historical performance of a Relevant Factor are not an indication of the 
future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any CMS Linked 
Notes and/or Inflation Linked Notes and a Relevant Factor may be subject to 
significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, 
currencies or other indices. In addition, if a Relevant Factor is applied in conjunction 
with a multiplier greater than one or contains some other leverage factor, the effect 
of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal and/or interest payable will likely be 
magnified. Finally, the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual

--- Page 52 ---
Risk Factors 
52 
yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In 
general, the earlier the change in the Relevant Factor, the greater the effect on yield. 
Accordingly, holders of CMS Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Notes are exposed 
to the risk that changes in the levels of the CMS Rate and/or Inflation Indices may 
adversely affect the market value, the yield and/or the liquidity of such Notes and as 
a result, investors could lose part of their investment. Further, CMS Linked Notes 
and Inflation Linked Notes may contain broad calculation agent discretions to 
interpret, change or redeem the CMS Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Notes differ, 
where such discretions are not required to be exercised in the interests of 
Noteholders.  
(i) 
Inflation Linked Notes 
In accordance with Condition 5(g) (Inflation Linked Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may issue Notes with interest determined 
by reference to the rate of inflation in a country or in the European Monetary 
Union, where interest are dependent upon the performance of an inflation 
index, which, will be, one of (i) the HICP or (ii) the CPI (the CPI together with 
the HICP being defined herein as the “Inflation Indices”).  
Subject to Condition 5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, 
Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts and Rounding) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, when a Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, if the level of the Inflation Indices decline over a 
determination period such that the ratio of the level of the Inflation Indices on 
the determination dates at the beginning and end of such determination period 
is less than 1.00, no interest will be payable for such determination period. 
The future performance of the Inflation Indices during the term of any Inflation 
Linked Notes may differ from their historical performance and may have a 
negative impact on the trading or market value of such Inflation Linked Notes.  
(ii) 
CMS Linked Notes 
In accordance with Condition 5(f) (Interest on CMS Linked Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may issue Notes with interest 
determined by reference to a relevant CMS Rate.  
Such Notes entail significant risks not associated with similar investments in a 
conventional debt security or a direct investment in the relevant CMS Rate, 
including the risk that the resulting rate of return will be less than that on a 
conventional debt security or the relevant CMS Rate (or the Replacement 
CMS Rate).  
The future performance of such relevant CMS Rate during the term of any 
CMS Linked Notes may differ from its historical value and may have a negative 
impact on the trading or market value of such CMS Linked Notes. 
7.10 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium are subject to higher price 
fluctuations than conventional interest-bearing securities 
The Notes may be issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal 
amount. The market values of the Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium

--- Page 53 ---
Risk Factors 
53 
from their nominal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in 
interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities.  
If market interest rates increase, such Notes can suffer higher price losses than 
other interest-bearing securities having the same maturity and credit rating. 
Market volatility in interest rates, which is difficult to anticipate, may therefore have 
a negative effect on the market value and/or the liquidity of such Notes. Therefore, 
holders of such Notes could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than 
holders of conventional interest-bearing securities. 
7.11 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-
discounted notes 
In accordance with Condition 5(d) (Interest on Zero Coupon Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes at a 
discounted issue price with no interest rate. Changes in market interest rates have 
a greater impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of 
comparable ordinary interest-bearing securities.  
If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses 
than other interest-bearing Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Market 
volatility in interest rates, which is difficult to anticipate, may therefore have a 
negative effect on the market value and/or the liquidity of the Zero Coupon Notes. 
Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated 
with a high price risk for the Noteholders. 
8. 
Other risks related to other types of Notes 
8.1 
Risks related to Green Notes and Social Notes 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Series of Notes may provide that such Notes 
will constitute Green Notes or Social Notes. In such case, it will be the Issuer’s 
intention to apply an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of such Notes 
to finance and/or re-finance, in whole or in part, new or existing (A) Eligible Green 
Assets, which are generally, new or existing, (i) loans financing or investments in 
certain categories of environmental or sustainable projects in eligible activities within 
the meaning of the Green Bond Framework or (ii) loans to companies demonstrating 
that at least 90% of their revenues are generated by the operation of one or more 
Eligible Activities within the meaning of the Green Bond Framework, it being 
specified that the remaining 10% of their revenues – while not being generated by 
the operation of one or more Eligible Activities – should not be generated by activities 
excluded under the Green Bond Framework, or (B) Eligible Social Assets, which are 
generally new or existing loans relating to certain projects seeking to achieve 
positive social impacts. However, for reasons beyond the Issuer’s control, Green 
Notes or Social Notes or the activities or projects they finance (or refinance) may not 
have the results or outcome (whether or not related to environmental, sustainability, 
social or other objectives) originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer, and 
further the application of an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of Green 
Notes or Social Notes to the relevant Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets, 
as the case may be, may not be capable of being implemented in, or substantially 
in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timeframe, results or outcome as

--- Page 54 ---
Risk Factors 
54 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Please refer to the section entitled 
“Use of Proceeds” for more information on the use of net proceeds from the issue of 
Green Notes or Social Notes. The terms “Eligible Activities”, “Green Bond 
Framework”, “Eligible Green Assets”, “Eligible Social Assets”, “Green Notes”, “Social 
Notes”, “Green Bond Principles”, “Social Bond Principles”, and “Social Bond 
Framework” are defined under section “Use of proceeds” in this Base Prospectus.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Green Bond Framework is aligned on 
the Green Bond Principles and the Social Bond Framework is aligned on the Social 
Bond Principles. The Crédit Agricole Group may change its Green Bond Framework 
and/or its Social Bond Framework and/or the selection criteria it uses for Eligible 
Activities and/or to select Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets, at any time. 
In particular, these frameworks and the definitions used therein may (or may not) be 
modified to adapt to any update that may be made, in particular, to the Green Bond 
Principles and/or the Social Bond Principles. Such changes may have a negative 
impact on the market value and the liquidity of any Green Notes or Social Notes 
issued prior to their implementation. Any such change, event or failure by the Issuer 
(including a failure to provide reporting and/or information on the use of proceeds of 
its Green Notes and Social Notes in accordance with the Green Bond Framework 
and/or Social Bond Framework) will not (i) constitute an Event of Default with respect 
to the Green Notes or Social Notes nor (ii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to 
redeem the Green Notes or Social Notes in any manner whatsoever or be a relevant 
factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional 
redemption rights in respect of any Notes nor (iii) give a right to the Noteholders to 
request the early redemption or, acceleration of the Green Notes or Social Notes 
held by it or give rise to any other claim or right.  
The European Union adopted on 18 June 2020 Regulation (EU) No 2020/852 
(the “Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy”), establishing the criteria for 
determining whether an economic activity qualifies as environmentally sustainable, 
i.e. (i) contributing substantially to one or more of the six environmental objectives 
of the Taxonomy Regulation (the “substantial contribution criterion”), (ii) doing no 
significant harm to any other environmental objectives, (iii) complying with minimum 
safeguards, and (iv) complying with technical screening criteria. The EU Taxonomy 
is subject to further development through existing and future delegated regulations 
which set out and/or is intended to set out the technical screening criteria for each 
of the environmental objectives.  
Within the meaning of the Green Bond Framework, activities can constitute Eligible 
Activities if they meet, as the case may be, either (i) the substantial contribution 
criterion set out in the Taxonomy Regulation, or (ii) an internal criterion of the Crédit 
Agricole Group based on sector market practices. The Green Bond Framework 
includes a (non-exhaustive) list of Eligible Activities, specifying for each of them the 
substantial contribution criterion of the Taxonomy Regulation or the internal criterion 
that they meet. The notion of Eligible Activities under the Green Bond Framework 
differs from that derived from the Taxonomy Regulation, and the use in the Green 
Bond Framework of the substantial contribution criterion set out in the Taxonomy 
Regulation does not prejudge in itself the alignment of Eligible Activities with the EU 
Taxonomy, and consequently the alignment of Eligible Green Assets with the EU

--- Page 55 ---
Risk Factors 
55 
Taxonomy. In particular, the Green Bond Framework does not, except in special 
cases, make the principle of "do no significant harm" a condition for the eligibility of 
all Eligible Activities. Should Eligible Activities, and consequently Eligible Green 
Assets, not be aligned with the EU Taxonomy, this may result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets 
aligned with the EU Taxonomy, and consequently Noteholders may lose all or part 
of their investment in such Notes. 
More generally, the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) and market consensus 
as to what constitutes or may be classified as, a “sustainable,” “green”, “social” or 
“equivalently-labelled project” or a loan that may finance such a project remain under 
development.  
In light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in 
the green, sustainable and social markets, there is a risk that the use of proceeds of 
any Green Notes or Social Notes will not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any 
future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with 
which any investor or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws 
or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. 
 
Any failure to apply an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of any issue 
of Green Notes or Social Notes as intended, any withdrawal of any applicable 
opinion or certification, any opinion or certification to the effect that the Issuer is not 
complying in whole or in part with criteria or requirements covered by such opinion 
or certification or any change to the Green Bond Framework and/or the Social Bond 
Framework and/or respective selection criteria may have an adverse effect on the 
market value of Green Notes or Social Notes, as the case may be, and/or may result 
in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
green assets or social assets, and consequently Noteholders may lose all or part of 
their investment in such Notes. 
Furthermore, where the Notes qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital, Tier 2 Capital or 
MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments, the fact that they are also Green Notes or Social 
Notes shall not affect (i) any of the features of the Notes relating to ranking or loss 
absorption, (ii) the availability of the Notes and any proceeds of the notes to absorb 
any and all losses of the Issuer, regardless of whether or not such losses stem from 
green, sustainable or other assets, (iii) the relevant eligibility criteria applicable to 
the qualification of the Notes for own funds or eligible liabilities, as applicable or (iv) 
the risks related to the qualification of the Notes as Additional Tier 1 Capital, Tier 2 
Capital or MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments. There is in addition no arrangement in 
place that enhances the performance of the Notes in any way. 
More specifically, among all of the risks applicable to the Issuer’s other Notes, the 
Issuer’s Green Notes and Social Notes may be subject to (i) mandatory write-down 
or conversion to equity in the event a resolution procedure is initiated in respect of 
the Crédit Agricole Group (including the Issuer) and, with respect to Green Notes 
and Social Notes qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital, even before 
the commencement of such procedure if certain conditions are met, in which cases 
Green Notes and Social Notes do not provide their holders with any priority 
compared to other Notes (see the risk factors entitled “The Notes may be subject to

--- Page 56 ---
Risk Factors 
56 
mandatory write-down or conversion to equity under European and French laws 
relating to bank recovery and resolution” and “If the Guarantee Fund proves 
insufficient to restore liquidity and solvency of any network member or affiliate that 
may encounter future financial difficulty, the Issuer may be required to contribute 
additional funds and, in an extreme case, the Noteholders may suffer material 
adverse financial consequences” above) and (ii) any other regulatory requirements 
if they qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital, Tier 2 Capital or MREL/TLAC-Eligible 
Instruments, in both cases to the same extent as any other Note having the same 
ranking but which is not a Green Note or Social Note. 
8.2 
Risks relating to Notes denominated in Renminbi 
In accordance with Condition 5(e) (Interest on RMB Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may issue Notes denominated in Renminbi 
(“RMB”). RMB Notes contain particular risks for potential investors. 
8.2.1 
RMB is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on 
the remittance of RMB into and out of the PRC which may adversely 
affect the liquidity of RMB Notes 
There are significant restrictions on the remittance of RMB into and out of 
the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of RMB Notes. 
RMB is not freely convertible at present. The People’s Republic of China 
(“PRC”) government continues to regulate conversion between RMB and 
foreign currencies, including Hong Kong dollar, despite a significant 
reduction in control by the PRC government in recent years, particularly 
over trade transactions involving the import and export of goods and 
services as well as other frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. 
These transactions are known as current account items. 
Although the central bank of the PRC, the People’s Bank of China (“PBoC”), 
has implemented policies improving accessibility to RMB to settle cross-
border transactions in the past, the PRC government may not liberalise its 
control over cross-border RMB remittances in the future, the schemes for 
RMB cross-border utilisation may be discontinued or new PRC regulations 
may be promulgated in the future which would have the effect of restricting 
or eliminating the remittance of RMB into or out of the PRC. Despite the 
RMB internationalisation pilot programme and efforts in recent years to 
internationalise the currency, the PRC government may impose interim or 
long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of RMB. In the event 
that funds cannot be repatriated out of the PRC in RMB, this may affect the 
overall availability of RMB outside of the PRC and the ability of the Issuer 
to source RMB to finance its obligations under the RMB Notes.  
8.2.2 
There is only limited availability of RMB outside of the PRC, which 
may affect the liquidity of the RMB Notes and the Issuer’s ability to 
source RMB outside the PRC to service such RMB Notes 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC government on cross-
border RMB funds flows, the availability of RMB outside the PRC is limited.

--- Page 57 ---
Risk Factors 
57 
While the PBoC has entered into agreements (the "Settlement 
Arrangements") on the clearing of RMB business with financial institutions 
(the "RMB Clearing Banks") in a number of financial centres and cities, 
including but not limited to Hong Kong, and has established the Cross-
Border Inter-Bank Payments System (“CIPS”) to facilitate cross-border 
RMB settlement and is further in the process of establishing RMB clearing 
and settlement mechanisms in several other jurisdictions, the current size 
of RMB-denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by PBoC on RMB business participating 
banks in respect of cross-border RMB settlement, such as those relating to 
direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, because RMB 
business participating banks do not have direct RMB liquidity support from 
PBoC, the RMB Clearing Banks only have limited access to onshore 
liquidity support from PBoC for the purpose of squaring open positions of 
participating banks for limited types of transactions and are not obliged to 
square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other 
foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. In cases where the 
participating banks cannot source sufficient RMB through the above 
channels, they will need to source RMB from outside the PRC to square 
such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore RMB market will continue to grow 
in depth and size, its growth is subject to many constraints as a result of 
PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There is no assurance that 
new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or that the Settlement 
Arrangements will not be terminated or amended in the future which may 
have the effect of restricting the availability of RMB outside the PRC. The 
limited availability of RMB outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of RMB 
Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source RMB outside the PRC 
to service the RMB Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able 
to source RMB on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
In addition, access to RMB for the purposes of making payments under the 
Notes or generally may remain or may become restricted. If access to RMB 
deliverable in the RMB Settlement Centre becomes restricted to the extent 
that the Issuer is unable to pay interest or principal in RMB in the RMB 
Settlement Centre by reason of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or 
Illiquidity, the terms of the RMB Notes allow the Issuer to make payment in 
U.S. dollars at the prevailing spot rate of exchange. If the value of RMB 
depreciates against the U.S. dollar, the value of the investment in U.S. 
dollars will decline. 
8.2.3 
Investment in RMB Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of RMB against the Hong Kong dollar and other foreign 
currencies fluctuates and is affected by changes in the PRC and 
international political and economic conditions and by many other factors. 
All payments of interest and principal will be made in RMB with respect to 
RMB Notes unless otherwise specified. As a result, the value of these RMB 
payments may fluctuate as a result of the changes in the prevailing

--- Page 58 ---
Risk Factors 
58 
exchange rates in the market. If the value of RMB depreciates against the 
Hong Kong dollar or other foreign currencies, the value of an investor's 
investment in RMB Notes in foreign currency terms will decline, and 
investors may incur losses. 
8.2.4 
Investment in RMB Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest 
rates. Further liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, 
the interest rate for RMB in markets outside the PRC may significantly 
deviate from the interest rate for RMB in the PRC as a result of foreign 
exchange controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing 
market conditions. 
Because RMB Notes carry a fixed interest rate, the trading price of RMB 
Notes will consequently vary with the fluctuations in the RMB interest rates. 
If holders of RMB Notes propose to sell their RMB Notes, they may receive 
an offer that is less than the amount invested. 
8.2.5 
Payments with respect to RMB Notes may be made only in the manner 
specified in the RMB Notes 
Except in limited circumstances, all payments of RMB under RMB Notes to 
an investor will be made solely by transfer to a RMB bank account 
maintained in Hong Kong by such investor in accordance with the prevailing 
rules and regulations and in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes. RMB is not freely convertible at present, and conversion of RMB 
into other currencies through banks in the RMB Settlement Centre may be 
subject to certain restrictions. For example, investors may be required to 
provide certifications and other information (including RMB account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in RMB in 
accordance with the RMB clearing and settlement system for participating 
banks in Hong Kong. If investors are unable to provide certifications and 
other information (including RMB account information), such investor may 
not be able to receive payments under the RMB Notes, since the Issuer 
cannot be required to make payments under RMB Notes by any other 
means (including in any other currency, or by transfer to a bank account in 
the PRC or anywhere else outside Hong Kong) other than in the limited 
circumstance described in Condition 8(i) (Payments of U.S. Dollar 
Equivalent). If problems of this type were to affect holders of RMB Notes 
generally, the prices of the RMB Notes could be negatively affected. 
8.2.6 
There may be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in 
the RMB Notes 
In considering whether to invest in RMB Notes, investors should consult 
their individual tax advisers with regard to the application of PRC tax laws, 
to their particular situations as well as any tax consequences arising under 
the laws of any other tax jurisdictions. The value of the Noteholder’s 
investment in RMB Notes might be materially and adversely affected if the

--- Page 59 ---
Risk Factors 
59 
Noteholder is required to pay PRC tax with respect to acquiring, holding or 
disposing of and receiving payments under those RMB Notes.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
CONDITIONS ATTACHED TO THE CONSENT OF THE ISSUER 
TO USE THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
Capitalised terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus. 
1. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5.1 of the Prospectus Regulation (retail 
cascade) 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) may be offered in France (the “Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction”) in circumstances 
where there is no exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 1.4 of 
the Prospectus Regulation (a “Non-Exempt Offer”). This Base Prospectus has been prepared 
on a basis that permits Non-Exempt Offers, provided the following provisions are complied 
with and, as applicable, the following conditions are satisfied. 
In the context of a Non-Exempt Offer, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in the Non-Exempt 
Offer Jurisdiction, for the content of this Base Prospectus, as supplemented from time to time, 
and the relevant Final Terms (together, the “Prospectus”) in relation to an investor to whom 
an offer of any Notes is made by any financial intermediary to whom the Issuer has given its 
consent to the use of the Prospectus (an “Authorised Offeror”), where the offer is made (i) 
during the period for which that consent is given (the “Offer Period”), (ii) in the Non-Exempt 
Offer Jurisdiction for which that consent is given and (iii) in compliance with any other 
conditions as detailed in paragraphs 2 and 3 below, as may be supplemented in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
However, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has any responsibility for any of the actions of any 
Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of 
business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in 
relation to such offer. For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Dealers or the Issuer shall have 
any obligation to ensure that an Authorised Offeror complies with applicable laws and 
regulations and shall therefore have no liability in this respect. 
Other than as set out above, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has authorised the 
making of any Non-Exempt Offer by any person in any circumstances and such person is not 
permitted to use the Prospectus in connection with its offer of any Notes. Any such offers are 
not made on behalf of the Issuer or by any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors and none of 
the Issuer or any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for the 
actions of any person making such offers. 
2. 
Type of consent 
Subject to the conditions set out below under “Common conditions to the consent” and if so 
specified in the Final Terms relating to any Tranche of Notes, the Issuer consents to the use 
of the Prospectus by Authorised Offerors in relation to a Non-Exempt Offer in the Non-Exempt 
Offer Jurisdiction and during the Offer Period specified in the Final Terms. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) ending no later than the date 
falling twelve (12) months from the date of the approval of the Base Prospectus by the AMF. 
The consent given by the Issuer may be either a specific consent (a “Specific Consent”) or a 
general consent (a “General Consent”), each as further described below and as specified in 
the Final Terms.

--- Page 61 ---
Conditions attached to the consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus 
61 
Specific Consent 
If Specific Consent is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and subject to the 
conditions set out below under “Common conditions to the consent”, the Issuer shall be 
deemed to consent to the use of the Prospectus in relation to a Non-Exempt Offer by: 
(1)  any Dealer specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2)  any financial intermediary specified in the relevant Final Terms; and/or 
(3)  any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the relevant Final Terms 
whose name is published on the website of the Issuer (https://www.credit-
agricole.com/en/finance/debt-and-ratings) and identified as an Authorised Offeror in 
respect of the relevant Non-Exempt Offer. 
General Consent 
If General Consent is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and subject to the 
conditions set out below under “Common conditions to the consent”, the Issuer shall be 
deemed to offer to grant its consent to the use of the Prospectus in relation to a Non-Exempt 
Offer by any financial intermediary which: 
(i)  
holds all necessary licenses, consents, approvals and permissions required by any laws, 
rules, regulations and guidance (including from any regulatory body) applicable to the 
Non-Exempt Offer to be authorised to make such offer under the applicable laws of the 
Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction, in particular the law implementing MiFID II; 
(ii)  
accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the 
information in square brackets completed with the relevant information): 
“We, [specify name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [specify title of relevant 
Notes] (the “Notes”) described in the Final Terms dated specify date] (the “Final Terms”) 
published by Crédit Agricole S.A. [acting through its London Branch] (the “Issuer”). In 
consideration of the Issuer offering to grant its consent to our use of the Prospectus (as 
defined in the Base Prospectus, supplemented by the Final Terms) in connection with 
the offer of the Notes in France during the Offer Period in accordance with the Authorised 
Offeror Terms (as specified in the Base Prospectus), we accept the offer by the Issuer. 
We confirm that we are authorised under MiFID II and/or MiFIR to make, and are using 
the Prospectus in connection with, the Non-Exempt Offer accordingly. Terms used herein 
and otherwise not defined shall have the same meaning as given to such terms in the 
Prospectus.” 
References in this Base Prospectus to “Authorised Offeror Terms” shall mean that the 
relevant financial intermediary will, and agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the 
benefit of the Issuer and each of the relevant Dealers that it will, at all times in connection with 
the relevant Non-Exempt Offer: 
(a)  act in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any 
applicable regulatory bodies (the “Rules”) from time to time including, without limitation 
and in each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any 
investment in the Notes by any person and disclosure to any potential investor; 
(b)  comply with the restrictions set out under “Subscription and Sale” in this Base Prospectus 
which would apply as if it were a Dealer;

--- Page 62 ---
Conditions attached to the consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus 
62 
(c)  
comply with the target market and distribution channels identified under the “MiFID II 
product governance” legend set out in the applicable Final Terms, if any;  
(d)  comply with the target market and distribution channels identified under the “UK MiFIR 
product governance” legend set out in the applicable Final Terms, if any; 
(e)  ensure that any fee (and any commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid by 
that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Notes is fully and clearly 
disclosed to investors or potential investors;  
(f)  
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with 
solicitation of interests in, or offers or sales of, the Notes under the Rules;  
(g)  comply with, and take appropriate steps in relation to, applicable anti-money laundering, 
anti-bribery, prevention of corruption and “know your client” rules, and not permit any 
application for Notes in circumstances where the financial intermediary has any 
suspicions as to the source of the application monies; 
(h)  retain investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under 
applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records available to the relevant 
Dealer(s) and the Issuer or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over 
the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) in order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Dealer(s) to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and “know your client” rules 
applying to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s); and 
(i)  
not cause, directly or indirectly, the Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) to breach any Rule 
or any requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any 
jurisdiction. 
Any General Authorised Offeror who wishes to use the Prospectus for a Non-Exempt 
Offer in accordance with this General Consent is required, during the time of the 
relevant Offer Period, to publish on its website that it uses the Prospectus for such Non-
Exempt Offer in accordance with this General Consent and the conditions attached 
thereto. 
3. 
Common conditions to the consent 
The consent by the Issuer to the use of the Prospectus (in addition, where applicable, to the 
conditions specified under “General consent” above): 
(a)  is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the Final Terms; 
(b)  extends to the use of the Prospectus to make Non-Exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes in the Public Offer Jurisdictions, as specified in the Final Terms; and 
(c)  
is subject to any other conditions set out in the Final Terms. 
4. 
Arrangements between investors and Authorised Offerors 
An investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Offeror will do so, 
and offers and sales of the Notes to an investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in 
accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror 
and such investor including as to price allocations and settlement arrangements (the “Terms 
and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer”). The Issuer will not be a party to any such 
arrangements with investors (other than Dealers) in connection with the offer or sale of the 
Notes and, accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms will not contain such 
information.

--- Page 63 ---
Conditions attached to the consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus 
63 
The Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer shall be provided to investors by 
that Authorised Offeror at the time of the Non-Exempt Offer. Neither the Issuer nor any 
of the Dealers or other Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for such 
information.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
Capitalised terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents 
which have been previously published and filed with the AMF as competent authority in France for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation: 
1 
the French version of the audited non-consolidated financial statements of the Crédit Agricole 
S.A. Group for fiscal year 2023 and related notes and audit report (the “Non-consolidated 
Financial Statements 2023 for the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group”), which are extracted from 
the Issuer’s 2023 Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on 22 March 2024 under 
no. D. 24-0156 (the “2023 URD”)12, available on:  
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/202577  
2 
the French version of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Crédit Agricole S.A. 
Group for fiscal year 2023 and related notes and audit report (the “Consolidated Financial 
Statements 2023 for the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group”), which are extracted from the 2023 
URD3, available on:  
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/202577  
3 
the French version of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Crédit Agricole 
Group for fiscal year 2023 and related notes and audit report (the “Consolidated Financial 
Statements 2023 for the Crédit Agricole Group”), which are extracted from the first 
amendment to the 2023 URD filed with the AMF on 28 March 2024 under no. D. 24-0156-A01 
(the “Amendment A.01 to the 2023 URD”)45, available on:  
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/202679  
4 
the French version of the Issuer’s 2024 Universal Registration Document, which includes 
primarily the audited non-consolidated financial statements of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group 
for fiscal year 2024 and related notes and audit report and the audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group for fiscal year 2024 and related notes and audit 
 
1  
For information purposes only, free English translation of the 2023 URD may be obtained from the website of the Issuer 
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/202577. For ease of reference, the page numbering of the free English translation of the 
2023 URD is identical to the French version. 
2 
Non-consolidated Financial Statements 2023 for the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group can be found on pages 784 to 834 of the 2023 URD 
and the related audit report can be found on pages 835 to 839 of the 2023 URD. 
3 
Consolidated Financial Statements 2023 for the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group can be found on pages 576 to 594 of the 2023 URD and 
the related audit report can be found on pages 776 to 782 of the 2023 URD. 
4  
For information purposes only, free English translation of the Amendment A.01 to the 2023 URD may be obtained from the website 
of the Issuer https://www.credit-agricole.com/en/pdfPreview/202679. For ease of reference, the page numbering of the free English 
translation of the Amendment A.01 to the 2023 URD is identical to the French version. 
5 
Consolidated Financial Statements 2023 for the Crédit Agricole Group can be found on pages 274 to 470 of the Amendment A.01 to 
the 2023 URD and the related audit report can be found on pages 471 to 477 of the Amendment A.01 to the 2022 URD.

--- Page 65 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
65 
report, which was filed with the AMF on 24 March 2025 under no. D.25-0137 (the “2024 URD”) 
6 available on:  
 https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/206105 
5 
the French version of the press release published by the Issuer on 24 March 2025 relating to 
the availability of the Issuer’s 2024 Universal Registration Document and annual financial 
report (the “2024 URD Press Release”)7, available on:  
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/206103  
6 
the French version of the 2024 risk report, which includes the Pillar 3 disclosures, published 
by the Issuer on 24 March 2025 (the “2024 Risk Report”)8, available on: 
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/206113 
7 
the French version of the first amendment to the 2024 URD, which includes primarily the 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Crédit Agricole Group for fiscal year 2024 and 
related notes and audit report, which was filed with the AMF on 31 March 2025 under no. 
D. 25-0137-A01 (the “Amendment A.01 to the 2024 URD”)9, available on: 
 https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/206191 
8 
the French version of the 2024 Crédit Agricole Group risk report, which includes the Pillar 3 
disclosures, published by the Issuer on 31 March 2025 (the “2024 Crédit Agricole Group 
Risk Report”)10, available on: 
           https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/206189  
9 
the French version of the press release published by the Issuer on 22 June 2022 relating to its 
2025 Medium-Term Plan (the “2025 Medium Term Plan Press Release”)11, available on:  
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/194395 
For the purposes only of further issues of Notes to be assimilated and form a single Series with 
Notes, as the case may be, already issued under the relevant previous Conditions listed below: 
 
6  
For information purposes only, free English translation of the 2024 URD may be obtained from the website of the Issuer 
https://www.credit-agricole.com/en/pdfPreview/206105. For ease of reference, the page numbering of the free English translation of 
the 2024 URD is identical to the French version. 
7  
For information purposes only, free English translation of the 2024 URD Press Release may be obtained from the website of the 
Issuer https://www.credit-agricole.com/en/pdfPreview/206103. 
8   For information purposes only, free English translation of the 2024 Risk Report may be obtained from the website of the Issuer 
https://www.credit-agricole.com/en/pdfPreview/206113. 
9  
For information purposes only, free English translation of the Amendment A.01 to the 2024 URD may be obtained from the website 
of the Issuer https://www.credit-agricole.com/en/pdfPreview/206191. For ease of reference, the page numbering of the free English 
translation of the Amendment A.01 to the 2024 URD is identical to the French version. 
10   For information purposes only, free English translation of the 2024 Crédit Agricole Group Risk Report may be obtained from the website 
of the Issuer https://www.credit-agricole.com/en/pdfPreview/206191.

--- Page 66 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
66 
10 
the terms and conditions set out on: 
(a) 
pages 100 to 256 of the base prospectus dated 5 April 2024 which received approval 
no. 24-094 from the AMF on 5 April 2024, available on https://www.credit-
agricole.com/pdfPreview/202715; 
(b) 
pages 97 to 233 of the base prospectus dated 6 April 2023 which received approval no. 
23-102 from the AMF on 6 April 2023, available on: https://www.credit-
agricole.com/pdfPreview/197794; 
(c) 
pages 279 to 410 of the base prospectus dated 8 April 2022 which received approval 
no. 22-090 from the AMF on 8 April 2022, available on: https://www.credit-
agricole.com/pdfPreview/193222; 
(d) 
pages 244 to 358 of the base prospectus dated 12 April 2021 which received approval 
no. 21-0101 from the AMF on 12 April 2021, available on: https://www.credit-
agricole.com/pdfPreview/187757; 
(e) 
pages 220 to 319 of the base prospectus dated 9 April 2020 which received approval 
no. 20-136 from the AMF on 9 April 2020, available on: https://www.credit-
agricole.com/en/pdfPreview/181064; 
(f) 
pages 298 to 381 of the base prospectus dated 10 April 2019 which received visa no. 
19-151 from the AMF on 10 April 2019, available on: https://www.credit-
agricole.com/pdfPreview/173944; 
(g) 
pages 282 to 353 of the base prospectus dated 9 April 2018 which received visa no. 
18-123 from the AMF on 9 April 2018, available on: https://www.credit-
agricole.com/pdfPreview/158529; 
(h) 
pages 282 to 348 of the base prospectus dated 10 April 2017 which received visa no. 
17-149 from the 
AMF 
on 
10 April 2017, 
available 
on: 
https://www.credit-
agricole.com/pdfPreview/127574; 
(i) 
pages 193 to 236 of the base prospectus dated 23 March 2016 which received visa no. 
16-094 from the AMF on 23 March 2016, available on: https://www.credit-
agricole.com/en/pdfPreview/190870; 
(j) 
pages 192 to 234 of the base prospectus dated 27 March 2015 which received visa no. 
15-119 from the AMF on 27 March 2015, available on: https://www.credit-
agricole.com/pdfPreview/104527; 
(k) 
pages 164 to 200 of the base prospectus dated 27 March 2014 which received visa no. 
14-106 from the AMF on 27 March 2014, available on: https://www.credit-
agricole.com/pdfPreview/104535; 
(l) 
pages 148 to 183 of the base prospectus dated 4 June 2013 which received visa no. 
13-262 from the AMF on 4 June 2013, available on: https://www.credit-
agricole.com/pdfPreview/104545;

--- Page 67 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
67 
(m) 
pages 128 to 160 of the base Prospectus dated 16 May 2012 which received visa no. 
12-215 
from 
AMF 
on 
16 May 
2012, 
available 
on: 
https://www.credit-
agricole.com/pdfPreview/104555; 
the documents referred to above being together defined as the “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference”. 
The information incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, as supplemented, shall be read 
in connection with the cross-reference table set out below. For the avoidance of doubt, the sections 
of the documents listed in paragraphs 1 to 9 above which are not included in the cross-reference 
table below are not incorporated by reference in (and for the avoidance of doubt shall not fall within 
the Documents Incorporated by Reference as used in) the Base Prospectus, as supplemented. The 
documents listed in paragraph 10 above are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, as 
supplemented, and are considered as additional information which are not required by the relevant 
schedules of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as 
amended, supplementing the Prospectus Regulation.  
Any statement contained in the Documents Incorporated by Reference listed above shall be deemed 
to be modified or superseded for the purpose of the Base Prospectus, as supplemented, to the extent 
that a statement contained herein or in the Base Prospectus, as supplemented, modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), it being 
mentioned that any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified 
or superseded, to constitute a part of the Base Prospectus, as supplemented. 
To the extent that any of the Documents Incorporated by Reference itself incorporates documents 
by reference, such documents shall not be deemed incorporated by reference herein. The non-
incorporated parts of the Documents Incorporated by Reference are either not relevant for investors 
or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus, as supplemented.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
CROSS-REFERENCE TABLE 
The following consolidated table cross-references the information incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus with the main heading required under Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, as amended, supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
Capitalised terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus.  
ANNEX 6 
Information incorporated by 
reference 
3 
Risk Factors 
229-244 of the Amendment A.01 to the 
2024 URD 
4 
Information about the Issuer 
4.1 
History and development of the Issuer 
2025 Medium Term Plan Press Release 
2-7, 9-11, 31-40,43-206, 325-328, 330-
350, 353, 369-415, 417, 602, 611, 617, 
665-681, 693-698 of the 2024 URD 
66-233 of the 2024 Risk Report 
2-3, 5-7, 203-206, 221-226, 244-287, 
470 of the Amendment A.01 to the 2024 
URD 
62-229 of the 2024 Credit Agricole 
Group Risk Report  
4.1.1 
The legal and commercial name 
of the Issuer 
5, 666 of the 2024 URD 
3 of the Amendment A.01 to the 2024 
URD 
4.1.2 
The place of registration of the 
Issuer, its registration number and 
legal entity identifier (“LEI”) 
666 of the 2024 URD 
 
4.1.3 
The date of incorporation and the 
length of life of the Issuer, except 
where the period is indefinite 
666 of the 2024 URD 
 
4.1.4 
The domicile and legal form of the 
Issuer, the legislation under which 
the Issuer operates, its country of 
incorporation, 
the 
address, 
telephone number of its registered 
office 
(or 
principal 
place 
of 
business if different from its 
registered office) and website of 
the Issuer, if any, with a disclaimer 
that 
the 
information 
on 
the 
website does not form part of the 
666 of the 2024 URD

--- Page 69 ---
Cross-reference Table 
69 
ANNEX 6 
Information incorporated by 
reference 
prospectus 
unless 
that 
information is incorporated by 
reference into the prospectus. 
4.1.5 
Details of any recent events 
particular to the Issuer and which 
are to a material extent relevant to 
an evaluation of the Issuer’s 
solvency 
329-330, 602, 617 of the 2024 URD 
74-85 of the 2024 Risk Report 
207-208, 221-226, 470, 480 of the 
Amendment A.01 to the 2024 URD 
4.1.6 
Credit ratings assigned to an 
Issuer at the request or with the 
cooperation of the Issuer in the 
rating process. A brief explanation 
of the meaning of the ratings if this 
has previously been published by 
the rating provider. 
10 of the 2024 URD 
242 of the Amendment A.01 to the 2024 
URD 
 
4.1.7 
Information 
on 
the 
material 
changes in the Issuer’s borrowing 
and funding structure since the 
last financial year 
329-330, 398-403, 491-492 of the 2024 
URD 
208, 273-278, 360-361 of the 
Amendment A.01 to the 2024 URD 
4.1.8 
Description 
of 
the 
expected 
financing of the Issuer’s activities 
430, 678 of the 2024 URD 
178-188 of the 2024 Risk Report 
298 of the Amendment A.01 to the 2024 
URD 
178-180 of the 2024 Credit Agricole 
Group Risk Report 
5 
Business overview 
5.1 
Principal activities 
5.1.1 
A description of the Issuer’s 
principal activities, including: (a) 
the main categories of products 
sold and/or services performed; 
(b) an indication of any significant 
new products or activities; (c) the 
principal markets in which the 
Issuer competes 
12-30, 330-339, 506-530, 678 of the 
2024 URD 
8-17, 209-221, 376-399  of the 
Amendment A.01 to the 2024 URD 
 
5.1.2 
The basis for any statements 
made by the Issuer regarding its 
competitive position 
6, 14-16 of the 2024 URD 
7, 9-11 of the Amendment A.01 to the 
2024 URD 
6 
Organisational structure

--- Page 70 ---
Cross-reference Table 
70 
ANNEX 6 
Information incorporated by 
reference 
6.1 
If the Issuer is part of a group, a brief 
description of the group and the Issuer’s 
position within the group. This may be in 
the form of, or accompanied by, a 
diagram of the organisational structure if 
this helps to clarify the structure. 
5-6, 418-423, 576-602, 615-616 of the 
2024 URD 
3, 7, 289-291, 443-470, 479-480 of the 
Amendment A.01 to the 2024 URD 
6.2 
If the Issuer is dependent upon other 
entities within the group, this must be 
clearly 
stated 
together 
with 
an 
explanation of this dependence. 
5, 418-423,  of the 2024 URD 
3, 289-291 of the Amendment A.01 to 
the 2024 URD 
 
7 
Trend information 
2-3, 343-348, 602, 617 of the 2024 URD 
203-204, 221-226, 470 of the 
Amendment A.01 to the 2024 URD 
9 
Administrative, management and supervisory 
bodies 
9.1 
Names, 
business 
addresses 
and 
functions within the Issuer of the 
following persons and an indication of 
the principal activities performed by them 
outside of that Issuer where these are 
significant with respect to that Issuer: (a) 
members 
of 
the 
administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies; (b) 
partners with unlimited liability, in the 
case of a limited partnership with a share 
capital. 
209-322 of the 2024 URD 
 
9.2 
Potential conflicts of interests between 
any duties to the Issuer, of the persons 
referred to in item 9.1, and their private 
interests and or other duties must be 
clearly stated. In the event that there are 
no such conflicts, a statement to that 
effect must be made. 
213 of the 2024 URD 
10 
Major shareholders 
10.1 
To the extent known to the Issuer, state 
whether the Issuer is directly or indirectly 
owned or controlled and by whom and 
describe the nature of such control and 
describe the measures in place to 
ensure that such control is not abused. 
5,36-37, 553 of the 2024 URD 
3 of the Amendment A.01 to the 2024 
URD

--- Page 71 ---
Cross-reference Table 
71 
ANNEX 6 
Information incorporated by 
reference 
11 
Financial information concerning the Issuer’s 
assets and liabilities, financial position and profits 
and losses 
11.1 
Historical financial information 
 
Audited non-consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 
612-658 of the 2024 URD 
 
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 
418-602 of the 2024 URD 
 
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Crédit 
Agricole Group for the financial year ended 31 
December 2024 
289-470 of the Amendment A.01 to the 
2024 URD 
Audited non-consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 
786-834 of the 2023 URD  
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 
2023 URD Press Release 
578-775 of the 2023 URD 
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Crédit 
Agricole Group for the financial year ended 31 
December 2023 
271-470 of the Amendment A.01 to the 
2023 URD 
11.3 
Auditing of historical annual financial 
information 
Auditors’ report on the non-consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2024 
659-662 of the 2024 URD 
 
Auditors’ 
report 
on 
the 
consolidated 
financial 
statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2024 
603-608 of the 2024 URD 
 
Auditors’ 
report 
on 
the 
consolidated 
financial 
statements of the Crédit Agricole Group for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2024 
471-476 of the Amendment A.01 to the 
2024 URD 
 
Auditors’ report on the non-consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2023 
835-839 of the 2023 URD 
 
Auditors’ 
report 
on 
the 
consolidated 
financial 
statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2023 
776-782 of the 2023 URD

--- Page 72 ---
Cross-reference Table 
72 
ANNEX 6 
Information incorporated by 
reference 
Auditors’ 
report 
on 
the 
consolidated 
financial 
statements of the Crédit Agricole Group for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2023 
471-477 of the Amendment A.01 to the 
2023 URD 
 
11.3.1 a Auditor’s reports on the historical 
financial information which have been 
refused by the statutory auditors or 
contain qualifications, modifications of 
opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis of 
matter 
778 of the 2023 URD 
471 of the Amendment A.01 to the 2023 
URD 
11.4 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
407-415 of the 2024 URD 
411, 418-420  of the Amendment A.01 
to the 2024 URD 
11.5 
Significant 
change 
in 
the 
Issuer’s 
financial position 
480 of the Amendment A.01 to the 2024 
URD 
12 
Additional information 
 
12.1 
Share capital 
5,615, 666, 676-677  of the 2024 URD 
12.2 
Articles of association 
666-673 of the 2024 URD 
13 
Material contracts 
679 of the 2024 URD 
289-291 of the Amendment A.01 to the 
2024 URD

--- Page 73 ---
73 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
Capitalised terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus. 
If, at any time during the duration of the Programme the Issuer shall be required to prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of Notes in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer shall submit such supplement to this Base Prospectus to the AMF for approval. 
In accordance with and pursuant to Article 23.2 of the Prospectus Regulation, where the Notes are 
offered to the public, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Notes before 
any supplement is published have the right, exercisable within three working days after the 
publication of such supplement, to withdraw their acceptances, provided that the significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy referred to in Article 23.1 of the Prospectus Regulation 
arose or was noted before the closing of the offer period or the delivery of the Notes, whichever 
occurs first. That period may be extended by the Issuer or, if any, by the relevant Authorised 
Offeror(s). The final date of the right of withdrawal shall be stated in the supplement. 
On 4 April 2026, this Base Prospectus, as supplemented (as the case may be), will expire and the 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material 
mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER AND THE CREDIT AGRICOLE GROUP 
For more information about the Issuer and the Crédit Agricole Group, please refer to the documents 
listed in the sections entitled “Documents incorporated by reference” and “Cross-reference table”. 
Capitalised terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus. 
 
General information about the Issuer 
 
The Issuer is organised under the laws of France and registered as a public limited company (société 
anonyme) in the Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés of Nanterre under number RCS Nanterre 
784 608 416. Its Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is 969500TJ5KRTCJQWXH05.  
 
The Issuer is licensed in France as a mutual bank (établissement de crédit – banque mutualiste ou 
coopérative) by the ACPR.  
 
The Issuer’s shares are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Paris. 
 
The website of the Issuer is www.credit-agricole.com. The information on such website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
 
Description of the Crédit Agricole Group 
 
The Issuer is the lead bank of the “Crédit Agricole Group”, which is composed of the “Crédit 
Agricole S.A. Group” (comprising the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries), the Regional Banks 
(as defined below), the Caisses Locales de Crédit Agricole (the “Local Banks”) and their respective 
subsidiaries.  
 
The Crédit Agricole Group is France’s largest banking group, and one of the largest in the world, in 
each case based on shareholders’ equity. As at 31 December 2024, the Issuer had €2,309.8 billion 
of total consolidated assets, €74.7 billion in shareholders’ equity (excluding minority interests), 
€1,152 billion of customer resources and €2,240 billion of assets under management.  
 
The current structure of the Crédit Agricole Group is the result of the following changes: the Issuer, 
formerly known as the Caisse Nationale de Crédit Agricole (“CNCA”), was created by public decree 
in 1920 to distribute advances to and monitor a group of regional mutual banks known as the Caisses 
Régionales de Crédit Agricole Mutuel (the “Regional Banks”) on behalf of the French State. In 1988, 
the French State privatised CNCA in a mutualisation process, transferring the majority of its interest 
in CNCA to the Regional Banks. In 2001, the Issuer was listed on the Regulated Market of Euronext 
Paris. At the time of the listing, the Issuer acquired approximately 25% interests in each of the 
Regional Banks except the Caisse Régionale de la Corse (100% of which was acquired by the Issuer 
in 2008). On 3 August 2016, the Issuer transferred substantially all of its interests in the Regional 
Banks (except the Caisse Régionale de la Corse) to a company wholly owned by the Regional 
Banks.

--- Page 75 ---
Information about the Issuer and the Crédit Agricole Group 
75 
The organisational structure of the Crédit Agricole Group is as follow as of 31 December 2024:

--- Page 76 ---
Information about the Issuer and the Crédit Agricole Group 
76 
The structure of the Crédit Agricole Group is different from that of other major banking 
groups 
 
The Issuer does not have a majority ownership interest in the Regional Banks (other than the Caisse 
régionale de la Corse). As a result, the Issuer does not control the Regional Banks in the same way 
a majority shareholder would. In its capacity as central body (organe central) of the Crédit Agricole 
Network, the Issuer has important powers, by virtue of legal and regulatory provisions, of control 
over each of the members of the Crédit Agricole Network (which includes the Regional Banks and 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank). These powers give the Issuer the ability to exercise 
administrative, technical and financial supervision over the organisation and management of these 
institutions and to take extraordinary measures under certain circumstances. See “Description of the 
Crédit Agricole Network and the role of the Issuer as central body of the Crédit Agricole Network” 
below. 
 
However, the Issuer’s powers over the Regional Banks differ in nature from the relationship of 
voting control that would arise from the direct ownership of a majority stake in the Regional Banks. 
 
Description of the Crédit Agricole Network and the role of the Issuer as central body of the 
Crédit Agricole Network  
 
The Issuer acts as the central body (organe central) of the “Crédit Agricole Network”, which is 
defined by Article R.512-18 of the French Code monétaire et financier to include primarily the Issuer, 
the Regional Banks and the Local Banks and also other affiliated members (primarily Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank). The Issuer coordinates the Regional Banks’ commercial and 
marketing strategy, and through its specialised subsidiaries, designs and manages financial 
products that are distributed primarily by the Regional Banks and LCL. In addition, the Issuer, as 
part of its duties as the central body of the Crédit Agricole Network, acts as “central bank” to such 
network with regard to refinancing, supervision and reporting to the regulatory authorities, and 
manages and monitors the credit and financial risks of all the Crédit Agricole Network. 
 
Pursuant to Article L.511-31 of the French Code monétaire et financier, as the central body of the 
Crédit Agricole Network, the Issuer must take all necessary measures to guarantee the liquidity and 
solvency of each member of the Crédit Agricole Network and of the Crédit Agricole Network as a 
whole. Each member of the Network (including the Issuer – the “Members of Crédit Agricole 
Network”) benefits from this statutory financial support mechanism and contributes thereto. In 
addition, the Regional Banks guarantee, through a joint and several guarantee (the “1988 
Guarantee”), all of the obligations of the Issuer to third parties, should the assets of the Issuer be 
insufficient after its liquidation or dissolution. The potential liability of the Regional Banks under the 
1988 Guarantee is equal to the aggregate of their share capital, reserves and retained earnings. For 
more information on the impact of the resolution framework on the statutory financial mechanism 
and the 1988 Guarantee, please refer to the section entitled “Government Supervision and 
Regulation of Credit Institutions in France”. 
 
Principal activities of the Issuer 
 
The Issuer's organisation is structured around four business lines: 
(i) 
“Asset Gathering,” including insurance, asset management and wealth management;

--- Page 77 ---
Information about the Issuer and the Crédit Agricole Group 
77 
(ii) 
“Retail Banking,” including the French retail bank LCL and international retail banking; 
(iii) 
“Specialised Financial Services,” including consumer finance, leasing, factoring and finance 
for energies and regions; and 
(iv) 
“Large Customers,” including corporate and investment banking and asset servicing. 
 
Regulatory Capital Ratios 
 
As of 31 December 2024, the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group’s phased-in common equity tier 1 ratio was 
11.7% (11.6% fully-loaded), its phased-in total Tier 1 ratio was 13.4%, and its overall phased-in 
solvency (Tier 1 and Tier 2) ratio was 17.4%.  
As of the same date, the Crédit Agricole Group’s phased-in common equity tier 1 ratio was 17.2% ( 
17.1% fully-loaded), its phased-in total Tier 1 ratio was 18.3%, and its overall phased-in solvency 
(Tier 1 and Tier 2) ratio was 20.9%. 
A “fully-loaded” ratio means a ratio that fully takes into account regulatory requirements that are to 
be phased in during future periods, and that therefore are not currently applicable. A “phased-in” 
ratio takes into account these requirements as and when they become applicable.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
GOVERNMENT SUPERVISION AND REGULATION OF CREDIT INSTITUTIONS IN FRANCE 
Capitalised terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus. 
French banking law is mostly set forth in directly applicable EU regulations and in the French Code 
monétaire et financier which is mainly derived from EU directives and guidelines. The French Code 
monétaire et financier sets forth the conditions under which credit institutions, including banks, may 
operate, and vests related supervisory and regulatory powers in certain banking regulatory and 
supervisory bodies.  
The principal EU directives and regulations discussed in this section are the following (detailed 
definitions of these regulations can be found in the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base 
Prospectus): 
• 
The ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism, which establishes a single supervisory 
mechanism for credit institutions of the euro-zone and opt-in countries. 
• 
The CRD Directive and the CRR Regulation, which together establish prudential (regulatory 
capital) and leverage requirements for credit institutions. 
• 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive or BRRD, and the Single Resolution 
Mechanism Regulation or SRMR, which together govern recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions, and which contain requirements that credit institutions maintain minimum total loss 
absorption capacities and ratios of own funds and eligible liabilities in order to minimise the 
risk that a credit institution in resolution will require extraordinary public financial support. 
Banking Regulatory and Supervisory Bodies 
Supervisory Banking Authorities 
Pursuant to the ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism, the European Central Bank (the “ECB”), in 
conjunction with the relevant national regulatory authorities, has direct supervisory authority for 
certain European credit institutions and banking groups, including the Crédit Agricole Group. The 
ECB performs supervisory tasks and responsibilities within the framework of the ECB Single 
Supervisory Mechanism, in close cooperation, in France, with the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et 
de résolution (the “ACPR”), which was initially created in France to supervise financial institutions 
and insurance firms and be in charge of client protection and ensuring the stability of the financial 
system (each of the ACPR and the ECB is referred to as a “Supervisory Banking Authority”).  
The main roles of the respective Supervisory Banking Authorities are as follows: 
• 
The ECB is exclusively competent to carry out, for prudential supervisory purposes, the 
following tasks in relation to all credit institutions, regardless of the significance of the credit 
institution concerned: 
o 
to authorise credit institutions to operate, and to withdraw authorisation of credit 
institutions; and

--- Page 79 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
79 
o 
to assess notifications of the acquisition and disposal of qualifying holdings in other credit 
institutions, except in the case of a bank resolution. 
• 
The other supervisory tasks are performed by both the ECB and the ACPR, their respective 
supervisory roles and responsibilities being allocated on the basis of the significance of the 
supervised entities, with the ECB directly supervising significant banks, such as the Crédit 
Agricole Group, while the ACPR is in charge of the supervision of the less significant entities. 
These supervisory tasks include, inter alia, the following: 
o 
to ensure compliance with all prudential requirements laid down in general EU banking 
rules for credit institutions in the areas of own funds requirements, securitisation, large 
exposure limits, liquidity, leverage, reporting and public disclosure of information on such 
matters;  
o 
to carry out supervisory reviews, including stress tests and their possible publication, and 
on the basis of this supervisory review, to impose higher prudential requirements on 
credit institutions where necessary to protect financial stability under the conditions 
provided by EU law;  
o 
to impose robust corporate governance practices (including the fit and proper 
requirements for the persons responsible for the management process, internal control 
mechanisms, remuneration policies and practices) and effective internal capital 
adequacy assessment processes; and 
o 
to carry out supervisory tasks in relation to recovery plans, and early intervention where 
credit institutions or groups do not meet or are likely to breach the applicable prudential 
requirements, including structural changes required to prevent financial stress or failure 
but excluding resolution measures. 
• 
The ACPR may apply requirements for capital buffers to be held by credit institutions at the 
relevant level, in addition to own funds requirements (including countercyclical buffer rates). If 
deemed necessary, the ECB may, instead of the ACPR but by cooperating closely with it, apply 
such higher requirements. 
The Resolution Authority 
In France, the ACPR is in charge of implementing measures for the prevention and resolution of 
banking crises, including, but not limited to, the Bail-in Tool described below (see “Resolution 
Measures” below). In addition, pursuant to the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, a single 
resolution board (the “Single Resolution Board”), together with national authorities, is in charge of 
resolution planning and preparation of resolution decisions for cross-border credit institutions and 
banking groups as well as credit institutions and banking groups directly supervised by the ECB, 
such as the Crédit Agricole Group. The ACPR remains responsible for implementing the resolution 
plan according to the Single Resolution Board’s instructions. 
Other French Banking Regulatory and Supervisory Bodies 
The Financial Sector Consultative Committee (Comité consultatif du secteur financier) is made up 
of representatives of credit institutions, payment institutions, investment firms, , insurance companies 
and client representatives. This committee is a consultative organisation that studies the relations

--- Page 80 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
80 
between the abovementioned entities and their respective clientele, delivers opinion (avis) and 
proposes or adopts general recommendation (recommandation d’ordre général). 
The Consultative Committee on Financial Legislation and Regulations (Comité consultatif de la 
législation et de la réglementation financières) reviews, at the request of the French Minister of 
Economy, any draft bills or regulations, as well as any draft European regulations relating to the 
insurance, banking, electronic money, payment service and investment service industries other than 
those draft regulations issued by the AMF. 
In addition, all French credit institutions are required to belong to a professional organisation or 
central body affiliated with the French Credit Institutions and Investment Firms Association 
(Association française des établissements de crédit et des entreprises d’investissement), which 
represents the interests of credit institutions, financing companies, electronic money institutions, 
payment institutions, asset management companies and investment firms in particular with the public 
authorities, provides consultative advice, disseminates information, studies questions relating to 
banking and financial services activities and makes recommendations in connection therewith. 
Crédit Agricole is a member of the French Banking Federation (Fédération bancaire française) which 
is itself affiliated with the French Credit Institutions and Investment Firms Association and the 
European Banking Federation (Fédération Bancaire Européenne).  
Banking Regulations 
Credit institutions, such as the Issuer, must comply with minimum capital and leverage requirements, 
as well as several other obligations with respect to risk diversification, liquidity, restrictions on equity 
investments and reporting requirements. Banking regulations are mainly composed and/or derived 
from EU directives and regulations implementing the Basel III reforms: the CRD Directive, as 
implemented under French law, and the CRR Regulation. Compliance with these and other 
requirements is monitored by the relevant Supervisory Banking Authorities pursuant to a 
comprehensive supervisory framework described below. 
Supervisory framework 
With respect to the banking sector, and for the purposes of carrying out the tasks conferred on it, the 
relevant Supervisory Banking Authority makes individual decisions, grants banking and investment 
firm licenses, and grants specific exemptions as provided in applicable banking regulations. It 
supervises the enforcement of laws and regulations applicable to banks and other credit institutions, 
as well as investment firms, and controls their financial standing.  
Banks are required to submit periodic (either monthly or quarterly) accounting reports to the relevant 
Supervisory Banking Authority concerning the principal areas of their activities. The main reports 
and information filed by institutions with the relevant Supervisory Banking Authority include periodic 
regulatory reports. They include, among other things, the institutions’ accounting and prudential 
filings, which are usually submitted on a quarterly basis, as well as internal audit reports filed once 
a year, all of the documents examined by the institution’s management in its twice-yearly review of 
the business and operations and the internal audit findings and the key information that relates to 
the credit institution’s risk analysis and monitoring. The relevant Supervisory Banking Authority may 
also request additional information that it deems necessary and may carry out on-site inspections 
(including with respect to a bank’s foreign subsidiaries and branches, subject to international 
cooperation agreements). These reports and controls allow close monitoring of the condition of each 
bank and also facilitate computation of the total deposits of all banks and their use.

--- Page 81 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
81 
The relevant Supervisory Banking Authority may order financial institutions to comply with applicable 
regulations and to cease conducting activities that may adversely affect the interests of its clients. 
The relevant Supervisory Banking Authority may also require a financial institution to take measures 
to strengthen or restore its financial situation, improve its management methods and/or adjust its 
organisation and activities to its development goals. When a financial institution’s solvency or 
liquidity, or the interests of its clients are or could be threatened, the relevant Supervisory Banking 
Authority is entitled to take certain provisional measures, including: submitting the institution to 
special monitoring and restricting or prohibiting the conduct of certain activities (including deposit-
taking), the making of certain payments, the disposal of assets, the distribution of dividends to its 
shareholders, and/or the payment of variable compensation. The relevant Supervisory Banking 
Authority may also require credit institutions to maintain regulatory capital and/or liquidity ratios 
higher than those required under applicable law and submit to specific liquidity requirements, 
including restrictions in terms of asset/liability maturity mismatches. 
Where regulations have been violated, the relevant Supervisory Banking Authority may impose 
administrative sanctions, which may include warnings, fines, suspension or dismissal of managers 
and deregistration of the bank, resulting in its winding up. The relevant Supervisory Banking Authority 
also has the power to appoint a temporary administrator to manage provisionally a bank that it deems 
to be mismanaged. Insolvency proceedings may be initiated against banks or other credit institutions, 
or investment firms, only after prior approval of the relevant Supervisory Banking Authority.  
Minimum capital and leverage requirements  
Minimum capital requirements 
French credit institutions are required to maintain minimum capital to cover their credit, market and 
operational risks, as well as certain other risks:  
• 
Minimum capital ratio requirements: pursuant to the CRR Regulation, credit institutions, such 
as the Crédit Agricole Group, are required to maintain a minimum total capital ratio of 8%, a 
minimum tier 1 capital ratio of 6% and a minimum common equity tier 1 ratio of 4.5%, each to 
be obtained by dividing the institution’s relevant eligible regulatory capital by its total risk 
exposure (commonly referred to as risk-weighted assets) (Pillar 1 or “P1R”), subject to certain 
adjustments.  
For this purpose, the “eligible regulatory capital” includes: 
o 
common equity tier 1 capital (essentially, share capital, share premium and retained 
earnings), for purposes of the minimum common equity tier 1 ratio;  
o 
common equity tier 1 capital plus additional tier 1 capital (deeply subordinated 
instruments meeting certain requirements), for purposes of the minimum tier 1 capital 
ratio; and  
o 
tier 1 and tier 2 capital (subordinated instruments meeting certain requirements), for 
purposes of the minimum total capital ratio. 
For purposes of calculating minimum capital ratios, the total risk exposure amount (or risk 
weighted assets or “RWAs”) includes amounts to take into account credit risk, market risk, 
operational risk and certain other risks. Risk-weighted assets of the various categories are

--- Page 82 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
82 
calculated under either a standardised approach or using internal models approved by the 
Supervisory Banking Authority, or under a combination of the two approaches. See “Additional 
elements of the Basel III post crisis reform” below.  
Pursuant to Article 104 of the CRD Directive, the Supervisory Banking Authority may also 
require French credit institutions to maintain additional capital in excess of the requirements 
described above (Pillar 2 or “P2R”) under the conditions set out in the CRD Directive, and, in 
particular, on the basis of a supervisory review and evaluation process (“SREP”) to be carried 
out by the competent authorities, designed to estimate the losses that a credit institution would 
incur in various “stress test” scenarios. The P2R is revised on an annual basis for each 
institution or group, although the Supervisory Banking Authority may revise the P2R at any 
time. 
Under guidelines published by the European Banking Authority addressed to competent 
authorities on common procedures and methodologies for the SREP, which contained 
recommendations proposing a common approach to determine the amount and composition 
of additional capital requirements, competent authorities (i) should set a composition 
requirement for the additional capital requirements to cover certain risks of at least 56.25% 
common equity tier 1 capital and at least 75% tier 1 capital, and (ii) should not set additional 
capital requirements in respect of risks which are already covered by capital buffer 
requirements and/or additional macro-prudential requirements. Accordingly the “combined 
buffer requirement” (described below) is in addition to the minimum capital requirement and to 
the additional capital requirement.  
• 
Minimum capital buffer requirements: in accordance with the CRD Directive, French credit 
institutions must comply with certain common equity tier 1 buffer requirements, in addition to 
the minimum capital requirements (P1R plus P2R). Pursuant to the CRD Directive, both the 
P1R and the P2R must be fulfilled before the common equity tier 1 capital is allocated to satisfy 
buffer requirements. However, in accordance with Article 104a of the CRD Directive, credit 
institutions are allowed to partially use capital instruments that do not qualify as common equity 
tier 1 capital, for example additional tier 1 or tier 2 instruments, to meet the P2R. 
Unlike the minimum capital ratio requirements, failure to comply with the buffer requirements 
does not result in the potential withdrawal of a credit institution’s operating authorisation. 
Instead, if the buffer requirements are not met, a credit institution is subject to certain 
restrictions on the distribution of dividends, the payment of coupons and other amounts on 
additional tier 1 instruments, and the payment of certain variable employee compensation. See 
“Solvency and Resolution Ratios” for more information. 
The buffer requirements include a capital conservation buffer of 2.5% that is applicable to all 
institutions, a buffer for global systemically important institutions of up to 3.5% that is applicable 
to global-systemically important banks (“G-SIBs”), such as the Crédit Agricole Group, and a 
buffer for other systemically important institutions of up to 3% that is applicable to other 
systemically important banks (“O-SIBs”), including the Crédit Agricole Group. Where a group, 
on a consolidated basis, is subject to a G-SIB buffer and an O-SIB buffer (such as the Crédit 
Agricole Group), the two generally are not cumulative, and the higher buffer generally applies.  
French credit institutions also have to comply with other common equity tier 1 buffers to cover 
countercyclical and macro-prudential systemic risks. The institution-specific countercyclical

--- Page 83 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
83 
capital buffer rate is the weighted average of the countercyclical capital buffer rates that apply 
in the jurisdictions where the relevant credit exposures of an institution are located or applied. 
The countercyclical capital buffer rate for the credit exposures located in France is established 
by the High Council for Financial Stability (Haut Conseil de la Stabilité Financière or 
“HCSF”).The countercyclical buffer rate for credit exposures in France is 1% (after beingraised 
by the HCSF from 0.5% as from January 2, 2024)  
The sum of the capital conservation buffer, the G-SIBs buffer or the O-SIBs buffer (or the higher 
of the two), the countercyclical capital buffer(s) and the macro-prudential systemic risk buffer 
is called the “combined buffer requirement”. 
For more information on the capital ratio and buffer requirements applicable to the Crédit Agricole 
Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus, see “Solvency and Resolution Ratios”. 
Minimum leverage requirements 
In addition to the minimum capital requirements, French credit institutions are required to maintain 
minimum leverage levels:  
• 
Minimum leverage ratio requirements: in accordance with the CRR Regulation, each institution 
is required to maintain a 3% minimum leverage ratio, defined as an institution’s tier 1 capital 
divided by its total exposure measure. As of 31 December 2024, the Crédit Agricole Group’s 
phased-in leverage ratio was 5.5% and the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group’s phased in leverage 
ratio was 3.9%.  
• 
Minimum leverage buffer requirements: each institution that is a G-SIB is required to comply 
with a buffer requirement, over and above the minimum leverage ratio, equal to the G-SIB total 
exposure measure used to calculate the leverage ratio multiplied by 50% of the applicable G-
SIB buffer rate (i.e., currently 1.0% but which is expected to increase to1.5% as from 1 January 
2026).  
As is the case with respect to the capital buffers, non-compliance with the G-SIB leverage 
buffer requirement will result in restrictions on the distribution of dividends, the payment of 
coupons and other amounts on additional tier 1 instruments and the payment of certain variable 
employee compensation. See “Solvency and Resolution Ratios” for more information. 
Additional elements of the Basel III post crisis reform 
The revised standards published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision on 7 December 
2017 to finalise the Basel III post crisis reform include the following elements: (i) a revised 
standardised approach for credit risk, intended to improve the robustness and risk sensitivity of the 
existing approach, (ii) revisions to the internal ratings-based approach for credit risk, where the use 
of the most advanced internally modelled approaches for low-default portfolios will be limited, (iii) 
revisions to the credit valuation adjustment framework, including the removal of the internally 
modelled approach and the introduction of a revised standardised approach, (iv) a revised 
standardised approach for operational risk, which will replace the existing standardised approaches 
and the advanced measurement approaches, and (v) an aggregate output floor, which requires 
bank’s RWAs generated by internal models to be no lower than 72.5% of RWAs that would apply 
based on the Basel III framework’s standardised approaches.

--- Page 84 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
84 
The revised Basel III standards in the European Union, together with certain other amendments to 
existing rules applicable to credit institutions within the European Union, are being implemented 
through two pieces of legislation:  
• 
Regulation (EU) 2024/1623 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31 May, 2024 
amending the CRR Regulation as regards requirements for credit risk, credit valuation 
adjustment risk, operational risk, market risk and the output floor (the “CRR Regulation 
Amendments”) ; and 
• 
Directive (EU) 2024/1619 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31 May, 2024 
amending the CRD Directive as regards supervisory powers, sanctions, third-country branches 
and ESG risks, entered into force on 9 July 2024 (the “CRD Directive Amendments”). 
The CRR Regulation Amendments have applied from 1 January 2025, with certain elements phasing 
in over the coming years. Member states are required to bring into force the laws, regulations and 
administrative provisions necessary to comply with the CRD Directive Amendments by 10 January 
2026, with effect from 11 January 2026, subject to certain exceptions.  
The CRR Regulation Amendments and the CRD Directive Amendments, among other things (i) 
implement the final elements of the Basel III framework amendments described above, including the 
imposition of the aggregate output floor (starting at 50% in 2025 and being gradually phased in to 
72.5% over a five-year period), (ii) introduce explicit rules on the management and supervision of 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) risks and gives supervisors powers to assess ESG 
risks as part of regular supervisory reviews (including regular climate stress testing by both 
supervisors and credit institutions) and (iii) increase harmonisation of certain supervisory powers 
and tools.  
According to the Issuer’s ongoing assessment, the cumulative impact of the CRR Regulation 
Amendments and the CRD Directive Amendments is expected to be globally neutral for the Crédit 
Agricole Group, and the output floor is expected to have an impact at the Crédit Agricole Group level 
from 2029 onwards. 
Additional risk diversification and liquidity, monetary policy, restrictions on equity 
investments and reporting requirements 
Under the CRR Regulation, French credit institutions must satisfy, on a consolidated basis, certain 
restrictions relating to concentration of risks (ratio de contrôle des grands risques). The aggregate 
of a French credit institution’s loans and a portion of certain other exposures (risques) to a single 
customer (and related entities) may not exceed 25% of the credit institution's tier 1 capital and, with 
respect to exposures to certain financial institutions, the higher of 25% of the credit institution’s 
eligible capital and €150 million. Certain individual exposures may be subject to specific regulatory 
requirements. In addition, G-SIB’s exposures to other G-SIBs shall be limited to 15% of the G-SIB’s 
tier 1 capital. 
Pursuant to the CRR Regulation, institutions have to comply with a liquidity requirement, pursuant 
to which they are required to hold liquid assets, the total value of which would cover the net liquidity 
outflows that might be experienced under stressed conditions over a period of thirty (30) calendar 
days. This requirement is known as the liquidity coverage ratio and is now fully applicable following 
a phase-in period. In addition, institutions are required to comply with a binding net stable funding 
ratio set at a minimum level of 100%, which indicates that an institution holds sufficient stable funding

--- Page 85 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
85 
to meet its funding needs during a one-year period under both normal and stressed conditions. This 
requirement aims at avoiding excessive reliance on short-term wholesale funding and reducing long-
term funding risk. 
French credit institutions are subject to restrictions on equity investments and, subject to various 
specified exemptions for certain short-term investments and investments in financial institutions and 
insurance companies, “qualifying shareholdings” held by credit institutions must comply with the 
following requirements: (a) no “qualifying shareholding” may exceed 15% of the regulatory capital of 
the concerned credit institution and (b) the aggregate of such “qualifying shareholdings” may not 
exceed 60% of the regulatory capital of the concerned credit institution. An equity investment is a 
“qualifying shareholding” for the purposes of these provisions if (i) it represents more than 10% of 
the share capital or voting rights of the company in which the investment is made or (ii) it provides, 
or is acquired with a view to providing, a “significant influence” in such company. Further, the ECB 
must authorise certain participations and acquisitions. 
French regulations permit only licensed credit institutions to engage in banking activities on a regular 
basis. Similarly, institutions licensed as banks may not, on a regular basis, engage in activities other 
than banking, bank-related activities and a limited number of non-banking activities determined 
pursuant to the regulations issued by the French Minister of Economy. A regulation issued in 
November 1986 and amended from time to time sets forth an exhaustive list of such non-banking 
activities and requires revenues from those activities to be limited in the aggregate to a maximum of 
10% of total net revenues. 
Finally, the CRR Regulation imposes disclosure obligations on credit institutions relating to risk 
management objectives and policies, governance arrangements, capital adequacy requirements, 
remuneration policies that have a material impact on the risk profile and leverage. In addition, the 
French Code monétaire et financier imposes additional disclosure requirements on credit institutions, 
including disclosure relating to certain financial indicators, activities in non-cooperative states or 
territories, and more generally, certain information on overseas operations. 
Deposit Guarantees 
All credit institutions operating in France are required by law to be a member of the deposit and 
resolution guarantee fund (Fonds de garantie des dépôts et de résolution), except branches of 
European Economic Area banks that are covered by their home country’s guarantee system.  
In accordance with Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 
2014 on deposit guarantee schemes (the “Deposit Guarantee Scheme Directive” or “DGSD”), as 
transposed under French law, domestic customer deposits denominated in euros and currencies of 
the European Economic Area are covered up to an amount of €100,000 and securities up to an 
aggregate value of €70,000, in each case per customer and per credit institution. The contribution of 
each credit institution is calculated on the basis of the aggregate deposits and of the risk exposure 
of such credit institution. 
On 18 April 2023, the European Commission presented a legislative package to adjust and further 
strengthen the EU’s existing bank crisis management and deposit insurance (CMDI) framework by 
amending the Deposit Guarantee Scheme Directive (together with the BRRD and the SRMR – See 
“Resolution” below).

--- Page 86 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
86 
Additional Funding 
The governor of the Banque de France, as chairman of the ACPR, after requesting the opinion of 
the ACPR and, for significant banks, of the ECB, can request that the shareholders of a credit 
institution in financial difficulty fund the institution in an amount that may exceed their initial capital 
contribution. However, unless they have agreed to be bound by an express undertaking to the ACPR, 
credit institution shareholders have no legal obligation in this respect and, as a practical matter, such 
a request would likely be made to holders of a significant portion of the institution’s share capital. 
Internal Control Procedures 
French credit institutions are required to establish appropriate internal control systems, including with 
respect to risk management and the creation of appropriate audit trails. French credit institutions are 
required to have a system for analysing and measuring risks in order to assess their exposure to 
credit, market, global interest rate, intermediation, liquidity and operational risks. Such system must 
set forth criteria and thresholds allowing the identification of significant incidents revealed by internal 
control procedures. Any fraud generating a gain or loss of a gross amount superior to 0.5% of the 
common equity tier 1 capital is deemed significant, provided that such amount is greater than 
€10,000. 
With respect to credit risks, each credit institution must have a credit risk selection procedure and a 
system for measuring credit risk that permit, inter alia, centralisation of the institution’s on- and off-
balance sheet exposure and for assessing different categories of risk using qualitative and 
quantitative data. With respect to market risks, each credit institution must have systems for 
monitoring, among other things, its proprietary transactions that permit the institution to record on at 
least a day-to-day basis foreign exchange transactions and transactions in the trading book, and to 
measure on at least a day-to-day basis the risks resulting from trading positions in accordance with 
the capital adequacy regulations. The institution must prepare an annual report for review by the 
institution’s board of directors and the relevant Supervisory Banking Authority regarding the 
institution’s internal procedures and the measurement and monitoring of the institution’s exposure. 
Compensation Policy 
French credit institutions and investment firms are required to ensure that their compensation policy 
is compatible with sound risk management principles. The variable component of the total 
compensation of employees whose activities may have a significant impact on the institution’s risk 
exposure should reflect a sustainable and risk-adjusted performance and a significant fraction of this 
performance-based compensation must be non-cash and deferred. Under the CRD Directive as 
implemented under French law, the aggregate amount of variable compensation of the above-
mentioned employees cannot exceed the aggregate amount of their fixed salary; the shareholders’ 
meeting may, however, decide to increase this cap to two times their fixed salary. 
Money Laundering 
French credit institutions are required to report to a special government agency (TRACFIN) placed 
under the authority of the French Minister of Economy all amounts registered in their accounts that 
they suspect come from drug trafficking or organised crime, from unusual transactions in excess of 
certain amounts, as well as all amounts and transactions that they suspect to be the result of any

--- Page 87 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
87 
offense punishable by a minimum sentence of at least one-year imprisonment or that could 
participate in the financing of terrorism.  
French credit institutions are also required to establish “know your customer” procedures allowing 
identification of the customer (as well as the beneficial owner) in any transaction and to have in place 
systems for assessing and managing money laundering and terrorism financing risks (“AML/CFT”) 
in accordance with the varying degree of risk attached to the relevant clients and transactions. 
Regulation (EU) 2024/1620 of the European Parliament and of the Council of May 31, 2024 
established a new EU-level AML/CFT authority (the “AML Authority”) which is expected to be 
operational mid-2025. The AML Authority will be the central authority coordinating national 
authorities to ensure a consistent application of EU AML/CFT rules and to support domestic financial 
intelligence units such as TRACFIN. 
Resolution  
The BRRD and the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation together establish an EU-wide 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms. Implemented 
under French law, this framework, which includes measures to prevent and resolve banking crises, 
is aimed at preserving financial stability, ensuring the continuity of critical functions of institutions 
whose failure would have a significant adverse effect on the financial system, protecting depositors 
and avoiding, or limiting to the extent possible, the need for extraordinary public financial support. 
To this end, European resolution authorities, including the Single Resolution Board, have been given 
broad powers to take any necessary actions in connection with the resolution of all or part of a credit 
institution or the group to which it belongs. 
In April 2023, the European Commission presented a legislative package to adjust and further 
strengthen the EU’s existing bank crisis management and deposit insurance (CMDI) framework by 
amending the BRRD and the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation (together with the DGSD – 
See “Deposit Guarantees” above).The European Parliament published legislative resolutions setting 
out its position at first reading on the legislative package proposed by the European Commission in 
April 2024.The Council agreed on a negotiating mandate on the review of this legislative package 
on 19 June 2024 paving the way to interinstitutional negotiations in view of reaching an agreement 
in an early second reading. If implemented as proposed, senior preferred debt instruments (such as 
Senior Preferred Notes) could no longer rank pari passu with any deposits of the Issuer; instead, 
senior preferred debt instruments (such as Senior Preferred Notes) would rank junior in right of 
payment to the claims of all depositors. 
Resolution Measures 
The Relevant Resolution Authority (see “The Resolution Authority” above) may commence resolution 
procedures in respect of a French institution when the Relevant Resolution Authority determines 
that: 
• 
the institution is failing or likely to fail (on the basis of objective elements as per Article 32(4) 
of BRRD);  
• 
there is no reasonable prospect that another action will prevent the failure within a reasonable 
time; and

--- Page 88 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
88 
• 
a resolution measure is required, and a liquidation procedure would fail, to achieve the 
objectives of the resolution as described above. 
Pursuant to Article 32(4) of BRRD, failure of an institution means that (i) it does not respect 
requirements for continuing authorisation, (ii) it is unable to pay its debts or other liabilities when they 
fall due, (iii) it requires extraordinary public financial support (subject to limited exceptions which 
apply when, in order to remedy a serious disturbance in the economy and preserve financial stability, 
extraordinary public financial support is provided to solvent institutions, subject to final approval 
under the European Commission’s State aid framework), or (iv) the value of its liabilities exceeds 
the value of its assets.  
After resolution procedures are commenced, the Relevant Resolution Authority may use one or more 
of several resolution tools with a view to recapitalising or restoring the viability of the institution, as 
described below.  
Write-down and conversion powers of the Relevant Resolution Authority 
If the conditions for initiating a resolution proceeding of an institution are met, the Relevant 
Resolution Authority may be required to write-down common equity tier 1, additional tier 1 and tier 2 
instruments (together, the “Capital Instruments”) or convert them to equity prior to the opening of 
a resolution proceeding or without a resolution proceeding. Once resolution proceedings are 
initiated, the Relevant Resolution Authority may use the “bail-in” resolution tool (the “Bail-in Tool”) 
to write-down or convert to equity any remaining Capital Instruments and any Eligible Liabilities (as 
defined below), to the extent necessary to restore the financial condition of the institution. The write-
down and conversion powers and the Bail-in Tool are to be implemented so that losses are borne in 
the order of their claims in normal insolvency proceedings, subject to certain exceptions. As a 
consequence, losses are to be borne initially by holders of Capital Instruments qualifying as common 
equity tier 1 instruments, then holders of Capital Instruments qualifying as additional tier 1 
instruments, then holders of Capital Instruments qualifying as tier 2 instruments, and thereafter 
creditors. French law also provides for certain safeguards, including the “no creditor worse off than 
under normal insolvency proceedings” principle, whereby creditors of the institution under resolution 
should not incur greater losses than they would have incurred had the institution been wound up 
under a liquidation proceeding. 
If the conditions for initiating a resolution proceeding in respect of the Crédit Agricole Group 
(including the Issuer) were to be met (or in certain other circumstances described below), it is likely 
that there would be a significant impact on the Notes: 
• 
The write-down powers would initially be applied to common equity tier 1 instruments, including 
the shares of the Issuer, as well as cooperative shares, cooperative associate certificates 
(CCA) and cooperative investment certificates (CCI) of the Regional Banks. 
• 
If this were insufficient, the Deeply Subordinated Notes (pro rata with other additional tier 1 
instruments) would be subject to write-down or conversion to equity. However, additional tier 
1 instruments issued after 28 December 2020 change their ranking if they no longer fully qualify 
as additional tier 1 instruments. Accordingly, if the Deeply Subordinated Notes no longer fully 
qualify as additional tier 1 instruments (for example, due to a change in regulation), they will 
instead be treated in resolution as tier 2 instruments, if they fully qualify as such, or as other 
subordinated debt instruments, otherwise.

--- Page 89 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
89 
• 
If the write-down or conversion of additional tier 1 instruments is insufficient, then the 
Subordinated Notes (pro rata with other tier 2 instruments) would be subject to write-down or 
conversion. However, tier 2 instruments issued after 28 December 2020 change their ranking 
if they no longer fully qualify as tier 2 instruments. Accordingly, if the Subordinated Notes no 
longer qualify as tier 2 instruments (for example, due to a change in regulation), they will 
instead be treated in resolution as other subordinated debt instruments. 
Further, if a resolution proceeding is initiated in respect of the Crédit Agricole Group (including the 
Issuer) and the write-down or conversion of Capital Instruments is insufficient, then the Bail-in Tool 
will be applied to write-down any remaining Capital Instruments and Eligible Liabilities in the order 
of their claims in an ordinary insolvency proceeding. Accordingly, the Bail-in Tool would be applied, 
first, to write-down or convert any remaining Capital Instruments, then to write-down or convert to 
equity any Deeply Subordinated Notes or Subordinated Notes issued after 28 December 2020 that 
no longer fully qualify as additional tier 1 and/or tier 2 instruments (pro rata with any other instruments 
of the same ranking), then to write-down or convert to equity the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (pro 
rata with any other instruments of the same ranking), and then to write-down or convert to equity the 
Senior Preferred Notes (pro rata with any other instruments of the same ranking). 
Further detail on the operation of the write-down and conversion powers, the Bail-in Tool and the 
possible change in ranking of additional tier 1 and tier 2 instruments issued after 28 December 2020 
are provided below. 
Write-Down and Conversion of Capital Instruments 
Capital Instruments may be written-down or converted to equity or other instruments either in 
connection with (but prior to) the opening of a resolution procedure, or in certain other cases without 
a resolution procedure. As defined above, Capital Instruments for these purposes include common 
equity tier 1 instruments, additional tier 1 instruments and tier 2 instruments. 
The Relevant Resolution Authority must write-down Capital Instruments, or convert them to equity 
or other instruments, if it determines that the conditions for the initiation of a resolution procedure 
have been satisfied, the viability of the issuing institution or its group depends on such write-down 
or conversion, or the issuing institution or its group requires extraordinary public support (subject to 
certain exceptions). The principal amount of Capital Instruments may also be written-down or 
converted to equity or other instruments if (i) the issuing institution or the group to which it belongs 
is failing or likely to fail and the write-down or conversion is necessary to avoid such failure, (ii) the 
viability of the institution depends on the write-down or conversion (and there is no reasonable 
perspective that another measure, including a resolution measure, could avoid the failure of the 
issuing institution or its group in a reasonable time), or (iii) the institution or its group requires 
extraordinary public support (subject to certain exceptions). The failure of an issuing institution is 
determined in the manner described above. The failure of a group is considered to occur or be likely 
if the group breaches its consolidated capital ratios or if such a breach is likely to occur in the near 
term, based on objective evidence (such as the incurrence of substantial losses that are likely to 
deplete the group’s own funds).  
If one or more of these conditions is met, common equity tier 1 instruments are first written-down, 
transferred to creditors or, if the institution enters in resolution and its net assets are positive, 
significantly diluted by the conversion of other Capital Instruments and Eligible Liabilities. Once this 
has occurred, other Capital Instruments (first additional tier 1 instruments, then tier 2 instruments)

--- Page 90 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
90 
are either written-down or converted to common equity tier 1 instruments or other instruments (which 
are also subject to possible write-down). 
Moreover, certain powers, including the full or partial write-down of Capital Instruments, the dilution 
of Capital Instruments through the issuance of new equity, the full or partial write-down or conversion 
into equity of additional Capital Instruments qualifying as additional tier 1 instruments (such as the 
Deeply Subordinated Notes so long as they qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital) or tier 2 instruments 
(such as the Subordinated Notes so long as they qualify as Tier 2 Capital), could also be exercised 
outside of resolution proceedings (and the BRRD framework) by national government authorities 
pursuant to the European Commission’s State Aid framework if the institution requires exceptional 
State financial support. 
The Bail-in Tool 
Once a resolution procedure is initiated, the Relevant Resolution Authority may use the “Bail-in 
Tool” to write-down or convert to common equity or other instruments any Capital Instruments that 
remain outstanding at the time the Bail-in Tool is applied. If this is insufficient, the Bail-in Tool is 
applied to Eligible Liabilities of a credit institution in resolution.  
Eligible Liabilities (the “Eligible Liabilities”) include all non-excluded liabilities, including 
subordinated debt instruments not qualifying as Capital Instruments (such as the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes and/or the Subordinated Notes issued after 28 December 2020 if and when they 
are fully excluded from Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital, as applicable and the Other 
Subordinated Obligations), unsecured senior non-preferred debt instruments (such as the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) and unsecured senior preferred debt instruments (such as the Senior 
Preferred Notes).  
The Relevant Resolution Authority may exercise the Bail-in Tool as follows:  
• 
Capital Instruments that remain outstanding at the time the Bail-in Tool is applied (see “Write-
Down and Conversion of Capital Instruments” above) must first be written-down or converted 
to equity or other instruments, in the following order of priority: (i) common equity tier 1 
instruments are to be written-down first (including common equity tier 1 instruments into which 
the Deeply Subordinated Notes and the Subordinated Notes were previously converted), (ii) 
additional tier 1 instruments issued before 28 December 2020 and additional tier 1 instruments 
issued after 28 December 2020 so long as they remain totally or partly qualified as such are 
to be written-down or converted into common equity tier 1 instruments, and (iii) tier 2 
instruments issued before 28 December 2020 and tier 2 instruments issued after 28 December 
2020 so long as they remain totally or partly qualified as such are to be written-down or 
converted to common equity tier 1 instruments. 
• 
Next, the Bail-in Tool may be used to write-down or convert Eligible Liabilities in the following 
order of priority: (i) subordinated debt instruments not qualifying as Capital Instruments (such 
as the Deeply Subordinated Notes and the Subordinated Notes issued after 28 December 
2020 if and when they are fully excluded from Additional Tier 1 Capital and/or Tier 2 Capital, 
as applicable) are to be written-down or converted into common equity tier 1 instruments and 
(ii) any other Eligible Liabilities are to be written-down or converted into common equity tier 1 
instruments, in each case in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency 
proceedings. In this regard, unsecured senior non-preferred debt instruments (such as the

--- Page 91 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
91 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) would be written-down or converted to equity before any Senior 
Preferred Obligations (such as the Senior Preferred Notes) of the Issuer. Instruments of the 
same ranking are generally written-down or converted into equity on a pro rata basis.  
Implementation of Article 48(7) of BRRD under French law 
Article 48(7) of the BRRD provides that EEA Member States shall ensure that all claims resulting 
from own funds (capital) instruments have, in normal insolvency proceedings, a lower priority ranking 
than any claim that does not result from own funds instruments.  
French law implementing Article 48(7) of the BRRD (Article L.613-30-3-I-5° of the French Code 
monétaire et financier) provides that, among the subordinated creditors, creditors in respect of any 
securities, claims, instruments or subordinated rights which are not, or have not been before 28 
December 2020, treated as additional tier 1 instruments or tier 2 instruments shall rank senior to 
creditors in respect of any securities, claims, instruments or subordinated rights which are, or have 
been before 28 December 2020, treated as additional tier 1 instruments or tier 2 instruments, fully 
or partly.  
Consequently, any Deeply Subordinated Notes issued after 28 December 2020 will, if they are no 
longer fully recognised as Additional Tier 1 Capital, change ranking so they will rank senior to the 
Deeply Subordinated Notes issued before 28 December 2020. If they qualify as Tier 2 Capital, they 
will rank equally with tier 2 instruments. Otherwise, they will rank equally with the Issuer’s other 
subordinated obligations. Similarly, the Subordinated Notes issued after 28 December 2020 which 
no longer constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital will change ranking so they will rank equally with 
the Issuer’s other subordinated obligations. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 3, 
Status of the Notes.” 
Extended SPE Strategy  
The Issuer understands that the Relevant Resolution Authority would likely apply the “extended 
single point of entry” (the “extended SPE”) strategy if a resolution procedure were commenced in 
respect of the Crédit Agricole Group – as for any other European cooperative banking group. Under 
the extended SPE strategy, resolution measures would be applied simultaneously to Crédit Agricole 
S.A. (in its capacity as central body of the Crédit Agricole Network) and each institution that is part 
of the Crédit Agricole Network, as if all entities in the Crédit Agricole Network were to constitute a 
single entity. As a result, the write-down and conversion powers of the Relevant Resolution Authority 
would be applied across entities, on a pro rata basis to all of their Capital Instruments and Eligible 
Liabilities. The Notes of each ranking (i.e., Deeply Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes) would thus be subject to write-down and 
conversion on a pro rata basis with instruments of equivalent ranking of other entities in the Crédit 
Agricole Network. Similarly, the bail-in power would be applied on a pro rata basis across entities in 
the Crédit Agricole Network, so that bail-in would be applied to Notes of a relevant ranking (deeply 
subordinated, subordinated, senior non-preferred or senior preferred) on a pro rata basis with 
instruments of the same ranking of other entities in the Crédit Agricole Network.  
As a consequence, if the Crédit Agricole Group were to encounter financial difficulties and meet the 
criteria for the application of the write-down and conversion powers or the bail-in powers, the

--- Page 92 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
92 
application of these powers to the Notes of the various ranking categories could have either a greater 
or lesser impact than if the same powers were applied to the Issuer on a stand-alone basis.  
Other Implications of Resolution Proceedings 
Limitation on Enforcement 
Certain crisis prevention measures and crisis management measures, including the opening of a 
resolution procedure in respect of Crédit Agricole Group (including the Issuer), as well as the 
suspension of payment or delivery obligations decided by the Relevant Resolution Authority under 
certain conditions, may not by themselves give rise to a contractual enforcement right against the 
Issuer or the right to modify the Issuer’s obligations, so long as the Issuer continues to meet its 
substantive obligations, including payment and delivery obligations.  
Accordingly, if a resolution procedure were commenced in respect of the Crédit Agricole Group 
(including the Issuer), holders of Notes will not have the right to take enforcement actions or to modify 
the terms of the Notes so long as the Issuer continues to meet its substantive obligations, including 
payment and delivery obligations, although such rights are in any event limited by the absence of 
events of default under such Notes (other than Senior Preferred Notes that include Events of Default, 
for which these limitations will impact acceleration or enforcement rights). 
Other resolution measures 
The Relevant Resolution Authority is provided with broad powers to implement other resolution 
measures with respect to failing institutions or, under certain circumstances, their groups, which may 
include (without limitation): the total or partial sale of the institution’s business to a third party or a 
bridge institution, the separation of assets, the replacement or substitution of the institution as obligor 
in respect of debt instruments, modifications to the terms of debt instruments (including altering the 
maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on 
payments), discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments, the dismissal 
and/or replacement of directors and/or managers or the appointment of a temporary administrator 
(administrateur spécial) and the issuance of new equity or own funds. 
When using its powers, the Relevant Resolution Authority must take into account the situation of the 
concerned group or institution under resolution, in accordance with the principles described above, 
and potential consequences of its decisions in the concerned EEA Member States.  
Recovery and resolution plans 
Each institution or group must prepare a recovery plan (plan préventif de rétablissement) that will be 
reviewed by the Supervisory Banking Authority. Entities already supervised on a consolidated basis 
are not subject to this obligation on an individual basis as they must prepare a group recovery plan 
to be reviewed by the Supervisory Banking Authority. The Relevant Resolution Authority is in turn 
required to prepare a resolution plan (plan préventif de résolution) or a group resolution plan (plan 
préventif de résolution de groupe) for such institution or group: 
• 
Recovery plans must set out measures contemplated in case of a significant deterioration of 
an institution’s financial situation. Such plans must be updated on a yearly basis (or 
immediately following a significant change in an institution’s organisation or business). The 
Supervisory Banking Authority must assess the recovery plan to determine whether the

--- Page 93 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
93 
implementation of the arrangements proposed is reasonably likely to maintain or restore the 
viability and financial position of the institution or of the group, also review whether the plan 
could impede the resolution powers if a resolution is commenced, and, as necessary, can 
require modifications or request changes in an institution’s organisation. 
• 
Resolution plans prepared by the Relevant Resolution Authority must provide for the resolution 
actions which the resolution authority may take where the institution meets the conditions for 
resolution and set out, in advance of any failure, how the various resolution powers set out 
above are to be implemented for each institution, given its specific circumstances. Such plans 
must also be updated on a yearly basis (or immediately following a significant change in an 
institution’s organisation or business). 
The Single Resolution Fund 
Pursuant to the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, a single resolution fund has been 
established to be used by the Single Resolution Board (the “SRB”) to support resolution plans (the 
“Single Resolution Fund”). This Single Resolution Fund is financed by contributions raised from 
banks (such contributions are based on the amount of each bank’s liabilities, excluding own funds 
and covered deposits, and adjusted for risks). In February 2025, the SRB announced that the Single 
Resolution Fund had reached €80 billion, as of 31 December 2024, which exceeds the contribution 
requirement of 1% of covered deposits. Unless there is a change in circumstances, banks, including 
the Issuer, are not expected to be required to to contribute to the Single Resolution Fund in 2025.  
MREL and TLAC 
Under the CRD Directive, the BRRD and the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, credit 
institutions are required to maintain a “minimum requirement of own funds and eligible liabilities” or 
“MREL.” In addition, “TLAC” (or “total loss-absorbing capacity”) requirements apply to G-SIBs, 
including the Crédit Agricole Group. 
The objective of MREL and TLAC is to ensure the effectiveness of the Bail-In Tool if it is ever needed, 
and thus enable a full absorption of losses and a full reconstitution of the credit institution’s own 
funds restoring compliance with P1R, P2R and the leverage ratio requirement, subject to potential 
adjustments to, inter alia, meet resolution objectives and secure market access. See “Resolution 
Measures” above. 
• 
The TLAC requirements are intended to ensure that losses are absorbed by shareholders and 
creditors, other than creditors in respect of excluded liabilities, rather than being borne by 
government support systems. They require that G-SIBs maintain significant amounts of 
liabilities that are subordinated (by law, contract or structurally) to certain priority liabilities that 
are excluded from the TLAC, such as guaranteed or insured deposits and derivatives.  
Under Article 92a of the CRR Regulation, G-SIBs are required to comply with two Minimum 
TLAC requirements in an amount at least equal to (i) 18% of the total risk exposure, and (ii) 
6.75% of the total exposure measure (each of which could be extended by additional firm-
specific requirements or buffer requirements) (i.e., the “Pillar 1 subordinated MREL 
requirement”). 
• 
The BRRD and the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation also provide that European 
resolution authorities shall be able, on the basis of bank-specific assessments, to require that

--- Page 94 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
94 
G-SIBs comply with a supplementary institution-specific requirement known as the “MREL 
add-on”, corresponding to a minimum level of own funds and eligible liabilities calculated as a 
percentage of their total risk exposure amount and their total exposure measure based on 
certain criteria including systemic importance (i.e., the “Pillar 2 add-on subordinated MREL 
requirement”).  
In addition, in accordance with Article 16a of the BRRD and Article 10a of the Single Resolution 
Mechanism Regulation, resolution authorities have the power to limit distributions (including coupon 
payments on additional tier 1 instruments such as the Deeply Subordinated Notes, so long as they 
constitute, fully or partly, Additional Tier 1 Capital) and variable compensation to certain employees, 
in case of non-compliance with the combined buffer requirement above the applicable minimum 
MREL requirements, subject to a nine-month grace period during which such restrictions would not 
be triggered. See “Solvency and Resolution Ratios” for more information. 
The CRR Regulation and the BRRD provide certain eligibility criteria for debt securities to count 
towards TLAC and MREL of the issuing institution. In addition, the CRR Regulation also allows 
liabilities that rank pari passu with certain TLAC excluded liabilities (such as the Senior Preferred 
Notes) to count, under certain circumstances, towards the minimum TLAC requirements of their 
issuing institution in an amount up to 3.5%. Such liabilities may also count towards the total MREL 
ratio, but not towards the TLAC ratio and the subordinated MREL ratio. See “Solvency and 
Resolution Ratios” for more information. 
In addition, Article L.613-30-3-I-4° of the French Code monétaire et financier allows French credit 
institutions to issue “senior non preferred” notes that are designed to be eligible to count towards 
TLAC and MREL, subject to certain additional requirements defined in the CRR Regulation. Pursuant 
to Article L.613-30-3-I-4° of the French Code monétaire et financier, debt securities issued by any 
French credit institution, with an initial maturity of at least one year, which are “non-structured” (as 
defined in Article R.613-28 of the French Code monétaire et financier) and whose terms and 
conditions provide that their ranking is as set forth in Article L.613-30-3-I-4°, shall rank junior to any 
other non-subordinated liability (including the Senior Preferred Notes) of such credit institution in a 
judicial liquidation proceeding but senior to any subordinated obligations including but not limited to, 
the Subordinated Notes and the Deeply Subordinated Notes issued on or after 28 December 2020 
whose principal and interest have been fully excluded from Additional Tier 1 Capital and/or Tier 2 
Capital, as applicable (see “Implementation of Article 48(7) of BRRD under French law” above).  
Statutory Financial Support Mechanism 
The resolution framework described above does not affect the statutory financial support mechanism 
provided for in Article L.511-31 of the French Code monétaire et financier and applicable to the 
institutions that are part of the Crédit Agricole Network as defined in Article R.512-18 of the same 
code (i.e., the Regional Banks, the Local Banks, the Issuer (as central body) and its affiliated 
members which are, as of the date hereof, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and 
BforBank).  
This statutory financial support mechanism requires the Issuer, as the central body of the Crédit 
Agricole Network, to take any necessary action to guarantee the liquidity and solvency of each 
member of the Crédit Agricole Network and of the Crédit Agricole Network as a whole. Each member 
or affiliate of the Crédit Agricole Network benefits from this statutory financial support mechanism 
and contributes thereto.

--- Page 95 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
95 
The general provisions of the French Code monétaire et financier related to the financial support 
mechanism have been supplemented by internal rules that provide for operational measures to be 
deployed in the context of the statutory financial support mechanism. In particular, these measures 
include the Guarantee Fund established to assist the Issuer in exercising its role as central body of 
the Crédit Agricole Network and to enable it to take action with respect to members or affiliates of 
the Crédit Agricole Network that may encounter financial difficulties. 
The Issuer believes that, in practice, the statutory financial support mechanism would be exercised 
prior to the implementation of any resolution measures. The commencement of a resolution 
procedure with respect to the Crédit Agricole Group would thus imply that the statutory financial 
support mechanism was insufficient to address the failure of one or more members or affiliate of the 
Crédit Agricole Network, and hence of the Crédit Agricole Network as a whole.  
In addition, the Regional Banks guarantee, jointly and severally, through the 1988 Guarantee, all of 
the obligations of the Issuer to third parties, should the assets of the Issuer be insufficient after its 
liquidation or dissolution. The potential liability of the Regional Banks under the 1988 Guarantee is 
equal to the aggregate of their share capital, reserves and retained earnings. However, the 
application of the resolution regimes to the Crédit Agricole Group is likely to limit the cases in which 
a demand for payment may be made under the 1988 Guarantee, insofar as the statutory financial 
support mechanism would be applied before a resolution procedure is commenced and resolution 
measures would diminish the risk of liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
SOLVENCY AND RESOLUTION RATIOS  
The information in this section is relevant primarily for the Deeply Subordinated Notes. For further 
details relating to the provisions of the Deeply Subordinated Notes referred to in this section, 
including certain defined terms referred to in this Section, see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
and “Glossary.”  
The Deeply Subordinated Notes (so long as they constitute, fully or partly, Additional Tier 1 Capital) 
may be significantly affected by the CET1 Capital Ratios of the Crédit Agricole Group and the Crédit 
Agricole S.A. Group, and certain other requirements that could trigger the application of the Relevant 
Maximum Distributable Amount. In particular: 
• 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes in respect of the Deeply Subordinated Notes provide 
that their Current Principal Amount may be reduced if a “Capital Ratio Event” occurs, meaning 
that the CET1 Capital Ratio of the Crédit Agricole Group falls or remains below 7.0%, or the 
CET1 Capital Ratio of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group falls or remains below 5.125%. See 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 6, Loss Absorption And Return To Financial 
Health”. 
• 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes in respect of the Deeply Subordinated Notes also 
provide that the Issuer is prohibited from paying interest on the Deeply Subordinated Notes if 
the amount of accrued and unpaid interest, when aggregated together with any other 
distributions of the kind referred to in Article 141(2) and (3) of the CRD Directive (distributions 
on common equity tier 1 instruments, payments on additional tier 1 instruments and variable 
compensation paid to certain employees) or any other similar provision of Applicable Banking 
Regulations and/or Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations that are subject to the same limit, 
would cause the Relevant Maximum Distributable Amount to be exceeded. This Relevant 
Maximum Distributable Amount limitation will apply if the CET1 Capital Ratio, Tier 1 ratio and/or 
total capital ratio of the Crédit Agricole Group or the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group fall(s) below 
the level required to comply with the combined buffer requirement over and above either the 
applicable minimum capital ratios of the relevant group (the “MDA”), or the applicable MREL 
or TLAC requirement of the Crédit Agricole Group (the “M-MDA”), in each case as further 
described below. 
• 
The Relevant Maximum Distributable Amount is also applicable in the case of non-compliance 
with a buffer over the 3% minimum leverage ratio, which is defined as an institution’s tier 1 
capital over a risk exposure measure (which is calculated in a different manner from the risk 
exposures taken into account for the MDA) (the “L-MDA”). The additional buffer is equal to half 
of the buffer applicable to the Crédit Agricole Group as a systemically significant institution, 
and is thus 0.5%, with the result that the Relevant Maximum Distributable Amount will apply if 
the Crédit Agricole Group’s leverage ratio falls below 3.5%, as further described below. The L-
MDA does not apply to the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group.  
The discussion that follows provides information on the distance (in basis points and absolute value) 
between the ratios maintained by the Crédit Agricole Group and the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group as

--- Page 97 ---
Solvency and Resolution Ratios 
97 
of the dates indicated below, and the relevant levels that would trigger the application of the MDA, 
M-MDA or L-MDA, as applicable.  
Distance to MDA Trigger Based On Capital Ratio Requirements  
The Issuer calculates a “distance to MDA trigger” for each of the Crédit Agricole Group and the Crédit 
Agricole S.A. Group, taking into account capital ratio requirements. The “distance to MDA trigger” 
for each group is equal to the lowest of the following three differences, in each case determined 
based on the most recent requirements resulting from the SREP: 
(1) 
The difference between the phased-in CET1 Capital Ratio and the sum of the relevant group’s 
P1R (common equity tier 1), P2R and the combined buffer requirements. 
(2) 
The difference between the phased-in total tier 1 capital ratio and the sum of the relevant 
group’s P1R (total tier 1 capital), P2R and the combined buffer requirements. 
(3) 
The difference between the phased-in total capital ratio (including Tier 1 and Tier 2) and the 
sum of the relevant group’s P1R (tier 1 capital and tier 2 capital), P2R and the combined buffer 
requirements. 
The minimum capital requirements underlying the “distance to MDA trigger” are subject to future 
variation if the Supervisory Banking Authority changes the P2R, or if applicable buffer levels change. 
Distance to MDA Trigger: The Crédit Agricole Group 
As of 31 December 2024, the Crédit Agricole Group’s “distance to MDA trigger” was approximately  
666 basis points. It reflects a level of common equity tier 1 capital that is approximately €44 billion 
higher than the level at which the limitations of distributions in connection with the common equity 
tier 1 capital of Article 141(2) and (3) of the CRD Directive would apply, as of 31 December 2024.  
The “distance to MDA trigger” was determined as follows:  
• 
As of 31 December 2024, the Crédit Agricole Group’s consolidated phased-in CET1 Capital 
Ratio was 17.2%, which is approximately 7.4 percentage points higher than the 9.8% 2023 
SREP requirement as of 31 December 2024 (taking into account the possibility to use 
instruments other than common equity tier 1 capital instruments to satisfy the P2R). The 9.8% 
2023 SREP requirement as of 31 December 2024 includes a P1R of 4.5%, a P2R of 0.98%, a 
capital conservation buffer of 2.5%, a G-SIB buffer of 1.0%(*), the countercyclical buffer which is 
currently set at 0.77% and the systemic risk buffer which is currently set at 0.05%.  
• 
As of 31 December 2024, the Crédit Agricole Group’s consolidated phased-in tier 1 capital ratio 
was 18.3%, which is approximately 6.7 percentage points higher than the 11.6% 2023 SREP 
requirement as of 31 December 2024 (taking into account the possibility to use instruments 
other than Tier 1 Capital instruments to satisfy the P2R). The 11.6% 2023 SREP requirement 
as of 31 December 2024 includes a P1R of 6.0%, a P2R of 1.31%, a capital conservation buffer 
of 2.5%, a G-SIB buffer of 1.0%(*), the countercyclical buffer which is currently set at 0.77% and 
the systemic risk buffer which is currently set at 0.05%. 
• 
As of 31 December 2024, the Crédit Agricole Group’s consolidated phased-in total capital ratio 
was 20.9%, which is approximately 6.9 percentage points higher than the 14% 2023 SREP

--- Page 98 ---
Solvency and Resolution Ratios 
98 
requirement as of 31 December 2024. The 14% 2023 SREP requirement as of 31 December 
2024 includes a P1R of 8.0%, a P2R of 1.75%, a capital conservation buffer of 2.5%, a G-SIB 
buffer of 1.0%(*), the countercyclical buffer which is currently set at 0.77% and the systemic risk 
buffer which is currently set at 0.05%. 
(*) Crédit Agricole Group has been notified on 27 November 2024 by the ACPR that it has been designated on the 
2024 list of bucket 2 G-SIBs, triggering an increase of its G-SIB buffer requirement from 1.0% to 1.5% as from 1 
January 2026. 
Based on the 2024 SREP performed by the ECB, the SREP requirements for the Crédit Agricole 
Group (the “Crédit Agricole Group 2025 SREP requirements”) applicable since 1 January 2025 is:  
• 
9.8% with respect to the Crédit Agricole Group’s common equity tier 1 capital requirement, 
including a P1R of 4.5%, a P2R of 1.01%, a capital conservation buffer of 2.5%, a G-SIB buffer 
of 1.0%(*), the countercyclical buffer which is estimated at 0.77% as of 1 January 2025 (**) and 
the systemic risk buffer which is estimated at 0.05% as of 1 January 2025 (**);  
• 
11.7% with respect to the Crédit Agricole Group’s tier 1 capital requirement, including a P1R of 
6.0%, a P2R of 1.35%, a capital conservation buffer of 2.5%, a G-SIB buffer of 1.0%(*), the 
countercyclical buffer which is estimated at 0.77% as of 1 January 2025 (**) and the systemic 
risk buffer which is estimated at 0.05% as of 1 January 2025 (**);  
• 
14.1% with respect to the Crédit Agricole Group’s total capital requirement, including a P1R of 
8.0%, a P2R of 1.80%, a capital conservation buffer of 2.5%, a G-SIB buffer of 1.0%(*), the 
countercyclical buffer which is estimated at 0.77% as of 1 January 2025 (**) and the systemic 
risk buffer which is estimated at 0.05% as of 1 January 2025 (**). 
(*) Crédit Agricole Group has been notified on 27 November 2024 by the ACPR that it has been designated on the 
2024 list of bucket 2 G-SIBs, triggering an increase of its G-SIB buffer requirement from 1.0% to 1.5% as from 1 
January 2026. 
(**) Based on the information available to date, Crédit Agricole Group and Crédit Agricole S.A.’s countercyclical buffer 
would amount respectively to 0.77% and 0.65% on 1 January 2025. Considering the activation of the systemic risk 
buffer on credit and counterparty risk-weighted exposures to Italian residents as of 31 December 2024, the systemic 
risk buffer of Crédit Agricole Group and Crédit Agricole S.A. would amount respectively to 0.05% and 0.09%. 
Had the Crédit Agricole Group 2025 SREP requirements been applicable as of 31 December 
2024, and not as of 1 January 2025, the date on which they became applicable, the Crédit 
Agricole Group’s “distance to trigger” would have been approximately 662 basis points as of that 
date, reflecting a level of common equity tier 1 capital being approximately €43 billion higher 
than the level at which the limitations of distributions in connection with the common equity tier 
1 capital of Article 141(2) and (3) of the CRD Directive would apply, as of 31 December 2024 
(taking into account the possibility to use instruments other than common equity tier 1 capital 
instruments to satisfy the P2R).  
Distance to MDA Trigger: the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group 
As of 31 December 2024, the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group’s “distance to MDA trigger” was 
approximately 296 basis points. It reflects a level of common equity tier 1 capital that is approximately 
€12 billion higher than the level at which the limitations of distributions in connection with the common 
equity tier 1 capital of Article 141(2) and (3) of the CRD Directive would apply, as of 31 December 
2024.

--- Page 99 ---
Solvency and Resolution Ratios 
99 
The Crédit Agricole S.A. Group’s “distance to MDA trigger” was determined as follows:  
• 
As of 31 December 2024, the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group’s consolidated phased-in CET1 Capital 
Ratio was 11.7%, which is approximately 3.0 percentage points higher than the 8.7% 2023 
SREP requirement as of 31 December 2024 (taking into account the possibility to use 
instruments other than common equity tier 1 capital instruments to satisfy the P2R). The 8.7% 
2023 SREP requirement as of 31 December 2024 includes a P1R of 4.5%, a P2R of 0.93%, a 
capital conservation buffer of 2.5%, the countercyclical buffer which is currently set at 0.65% 
and the systemic risk buffer which is currently set at 0.09%. 
• 
As of 31 December 2024, the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group’s consolidated phased-in tier 1 capital 
ratio was 13.4%, which is approximately 3.0 percentage points higher than the 10.4% 2023 
SREP requirement as of 31 December 2024 (taking into account the possibility to use 
instruments other than Tier 1 Capital instruments to satisfy the P2R). The 10.4% 2023 SREP 
requirement as of 31 December 2024 includes a P1R of 6.0%, a P2R of 1.24%, a capital 
conservation buffer of 2.5%, the countercyclical buffer which is currently set at 0.65% and the 
systemic risk buffer which is currently set at 0.09%. 
• 
As of 31 December 2024, the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group’s consolidated phased-in total capital 
ratio was 17.4%, which is approximately 4.6 percentage points higher than the 12.9% 2023 
SREP requirement as of 31 December 2024. The 12.9% 2023 SREP requirement as of 31 
December 2024 includes a P1R of 8.0%, a P2R of 1.65%, a capital conservation buffer of 2.5%, 
the countercyclical buffer which is currently set at 0.65% and the systemic risk buffer which is 
currently set at 0.09%. 
Based on the 2024 SREP performed by the ECB, the SREP requirements for the Crédit Agricole 
S.A. Group (the “Crédit Agricole S.A. Group 2025 SREP requirements”) applicable since 1 
January 2025 is:  
• 
8.7% with respect to the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group’s common equity tier 1 capital requirement, 
including a P1R of 4.5%, a P2R of 0.93%, a capital conservation buffer of 2.5%, the 
countercyclical buffer which is estimated at 0.65% as of 1 January 2025 (**) and the systemic 
risk buffer which is estimated at 0.09% as of 1 January 2025 (**);  
• 
10.5% with respect to the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group’s tier 1 capital requirement, including a 
P1R of 6.0%, a P2R of 1.24%, a capital conservation buffer of 2.5%, the countercyclical buffer 
which is estimated at 0.65% as of 1 January 2025 (**) and the systemic risk buffer which is 
estimated at 0.09% as of 1 January 2025 (**);  
• 
12.9% with respect to the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group’s total capital requirement, including a P1R 
of 8%, a P2R of 1.65%, a capital conservation buffer of 2.5%, the countercyclical buffer which 
is estimated at 0.65% as of 1 January 2025 (**) and the systemic risk buffer which is estimated 
at 0.09% as of 1 January 2025 (**);  
(**) Based on the information available to date, Crédit Agricole Group and Crédit Agricole S.A.’s 
countercyclical buffer would amount respectively to 0.77% and 0.65% on 1 January 2025. 
Considering the activation of the systemic risk buffer on credit and counterparty risk-weighted 
exposures to Italian residents as of 31 December 2024, the systemic risk buffer of Crédit 
Agricole Group and Crédit Agricole S.A. would amount respectively to 0.05% and 0.09%.

--- Page 100 ---
Solvency and Resolution Ratios 
100 
Had the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group 2025 SREP requirements been applicable as of 31 
December 2024 (and not as of 1 January 2025, the date on which they became applicable), the 
Crédit Agricole S.A. Group’s “distance to trigger” would have been approximately 296 basis 
points as of that date, reflecting a level of common equity tier 1 capital being approximately €12 
billion higher than the level at which the limitations of distributions in connection with the common 
equity tier 1 capital of Article 141(2) and (3) of the CRD Directive would apply, as of 31 December 
2024 (taking into account the possibility to use instruments other than common equity tier 1 
capital instruments to satisfy the P2R).  
Distance to M-MDA Trigger Based On MREL and TLAC Requirements  
The minimum MREL requirements are applicable on a consolidated basis at the level of the Crédit 
Agricole Group. The “distance to M-MDA trigger” is the lowest of the three distances below:  
(1) 
the distance between (x) the Crédit Agricole Group’s total MREL ratio and (y) Crédit Agricole 
Group’s combined buffer requirement plus the total MREL requirement set by the resolution 
authorities (the “Distance to the Total MREL Requirement”); the total MREL requirement may 
be satisfied with own funds (i.e., capital instruments) and eligible liabilities, including any senior 
preferred debt instruments that could be counted as eligible liabilities (such as the Senior 
Preferred Notes); 
(2) 
the distance between (x) the Crédit Agricole Group’s TLAC ratio and (y) the Crédit Agricole 
Group’s combined buffer requirement, plus the Pillar 1 subordinated MREL requirement, i.e., 
18% of Crédit Agricole Group’s risk-weighted assets (which is Crédit Agricole Group’s TLAC 
requirement) (the “Distance to the TLAC Requirement”); subject to certain exceptions, the 
Pillar 1 subordinated MREL requirement may not be satisfied with senior preferred debt 
instruments that could otherwise be counted as eligible liabilities (such as the Senior Preferred 
Notes); 
(3) 
the distance between (x) the Crédit Agricole Group’s subordinated MREL ratio and (y), the 
Crédit Agricole Group’s combined buffer requirement, plus the Pillar 2 add-on subordinated 
MREL requirement set by the resolution authorities (the “Distance to the Additional 
Subordinated MREL Requirement”); the Pillar 2 add-on subordinated MREL requirement 
may not be satisfied with senior preferred debt instruments that could otherwise be counted as 
eligible liabilities (such as the Senior Preferred Notes). 
For purposes of the foregoing, the combined buffer ratio of the Crédit Agricole Group is determined 
in the same manner as described above for the calculation of the distance to MDA trigger. 
The TLAC ratio of the Crédit Agricole Group as of 31 December 2024 was 26.9% of Crédit Agricole 
Group’s risk-weighted assets (excluding eligible senior preferred debt) and the sum of the Crédit 
Agricole Group’s TLAC requirement as of 31 December 2024 and the combined buffer requirement 
(including the countercyclical buffer and the systemic risk buffer as of such date) was 22.3%. 
Accordingly, the Distance to the TLAC Requirement was 460 basis points (approximately €30 billion) 
as of 31 December 2024. 
The minimum MREL requirements applicable to the Issuer were as follows as of 31 December 2024: 
• 
Total MREL requirement: 22.01% of Crédit Agricole Group’s risk-weighted assets and 6.25% 
of Crédit Agricole Group’s leverage exposure;

--- Page 101 ---
Solvency and Resolution Ratios 
101 
• 
Pillar 2 subordinated MREL requirement: 18.25% of Crédit Agricole Group’s risk-weighted 
assets and 6.25% of Crédit Agricole Group’s leverage exposure. 
The total MREL ratio of the Crédit Agricole Group as of 31 December 2024 was 32.4% of Credit 
Agricole’s risk weighted assets and the sum of the Crédit Agricole Group’s total MREL requirement 
as of 31 December 2024 and the combined buffer requirement (including the countercyclical buffer 
and the systemic risk buffer as of such date) was 26.3%. Accordingly the Distance to the Total MREL 
Requirement was 600 basis points (approximately €39 billion) as of 31 December 2024.  
The subordinated MREL ratio of the Crédit Agricole Group as of 31 December 2024 was 26.9% of 
Credit Agricole’s risk weighted assets and the sum of the Crédit Agricole Group’s subordinated 
MREL requirement as of 31 December 2024 and the combined buffer requirement (including the 
countercyclical buffer and the systemic risk buffer as of such date) was 22.6%. Accordingly the 
Distance to the Additional Subordinated MREL Requirement was 430 basis points (approximately 
€28 billion) as of 31 December 2024. 
On that basis, the lowest of the three distances described above was the Distance to the Additional 
Subordinated MREL Requirement as of 31 December 2024. Accordingly, based on the analysis 
above, as of 31 December 2024, the “distance to M-MDA trigger” was equal to the Distance to the 
Additional Subordinated MREL Requirement, i.e. 430 basis points (approximately €28 billion).  
The minimum MREL requirements applicable to the Issuer are reviewed periodically by the resolution 
authorities. Therefore, those requirements will be subject to further changes. Accordingly, the Issuer 
cannot provide any assurances that the figures that would result from revised minimum MREL 
requirements will remain the same as those set out in the presentation above. 
Distance to L-MDA Trigger Based on Leverage Requirement 
As of 31 December 2024, the Crédit Agricole Group’s leverage ratio was 5.5%, which is 
approximately 2.0 percentage points higher than the 3.5% leverage ratio requirement as of 31 
December 2024. Accordingly, the Crédit Agricole Group’s “distance to L-MDA trigger” was 197 basis 
points (approximately €43 billion) as of 31 December 2024.

--- Page 102 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
102 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES  
These Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall be applicable to all Notes issued pursuant to the 
relevant Final Terms.  
The following are the terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) of the Notes to be issued under French 
Law that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms for the 
Notes, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of 
these Conditions together with the relevant provisions of the related Final Terms or (ii) these 
Conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions), shall be endorsed on or attached to such Notes in definitive form. In the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, where no physical documents of title will be issued, the text of the Conditions 
will be constituted by the following text, as completed by the relevant Final Terms. All capitalised 
terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them, as the case 
may be, in the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus or in the relevant Final Terms. 
References in the Conditions to (i) “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that 
may be issued under the Programme, (ii) “Senior Notes” are to the Senior Notes of one Series only, 
not to all Senior Notes that may be issued under the Programme, (iii) “Senior Preferred Notes” are 
to the Senior Preferred Notes of one Series only, not to all Senior Preferred Notes that may be issued 
under the Programme, (iv) “Senior Non-Preferred Notes” are to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes of 
one Series only, not to all Senior Non-Preferred Notes that may be issued under the Programme, (v) 
“Subordinated Notes” are to the Subordinated Notes of one Series only, not to all Subordinated 
Notes that may be issued under the Programme and (vi) “Deeply Subordinated Notes” are to the 
Deeply Subordinated Notes of one Series only, not to all Deeply Subordinated Notes that may be 
issued under the Programme. 
An Amended and Restated Agency Agreement dated 4 April 2025 has been entered into between 
the Issuer, Crédit Agricole S.A. as, inter alia, fiscal agent, paying agent and calculation agent and 
the other agents named in it (as further amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency 
Agreement”). The fiscal agent, the paying agents, and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if 
any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which 
expression shall include the Fiscal Agent) and the “Calculation Agent(s)” and all together the 
“Agents”. 
Electronic copies of the Agency Agreement, and, where applicable, any registration agency 
agreement providing for the appointment of a Registration Agent (as defined below) as from the 
relevant Issue Date, can be obtained by the Noteholders, upon demand, from the Paying Agents.  
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Method of Issue 
(a) 
Form 
The Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) 
or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”), in each case in a Specified 
Currency.  
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles 
L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of 
title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the

--- Page 103 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
103 
French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes. Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the 
Issuer and as specified in the relevant Final Terms, in either bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of 
Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the 
accounts of Account Holders, or in registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder 
(as defined below) in either administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder designated by the 
relevant Noteholder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in 
an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or by 
a registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) selected by and 
acting on behalf the Issuer (the “Registration Agent”). 
The Issuer may require the identification of the Noteholders, in accordance 
with French law, unless such right is expressly excluded in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer definitive form (“Materialised Bearer 
Notes”) only. Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form (“Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes”) are serially numbered and are issued with 
interest coupons (the “Coupons”) (and, where appropriate, a talon (the 
“Talon”) for further Coupons) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon 
Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest 
due after the maturity date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Maturity Date”)), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not 
applicable). Instalment Notes (as defined below) are issued with one or more 
receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the “Receipts”) attached.  
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French 
Code monétaire et financier, securities (including the Materialised Notes) in 
materialised form and governed by French law must be issued outside the 
French territory. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means (i) in the case of Materialised Notes, the 
bearer of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note and the Receipts, Coupons or 
Talon relating to it (if any) and (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person 
whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder, the Issuer or 
the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such 
Dematerialised Note. 
The Notes may be either Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed Rate Resettable Notes, Floating 
Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, CMS Linked Notes, Fixed / Floating Rate Notes, 
Instalment Notes or Zero Coupon Notes (as applicable), or a combination of any 
of the foregoing, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
depending upon the Interest and Redemption Basis shown on the relevant Final 
Terms.  
The Notes shall constitute obligations within the meaning of Article L.213-5 of the

--- Page 104 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
104 
French Code monétaire et financier. 
(b) 
Denomination(s) 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms (the “Specified Denomination(s)”) save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in an EEA 
Member State, or offered to the public in an EEA Member State, in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will 
be at least such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the relevant Specified Currency.  
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and 
in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, 
and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the 
transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such 
Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the 
accounts maintained by the Issuer or by the relevant Registration Agent.  
(ii) 
Title to Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and 
Talons shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, 
the Noteholder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to 
be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not 
such Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is overdue and regardless of any notice 
of ownership, or an interest in it, or (in the case of any Materialised Notes) 
any writing on it or its theft or loss, and no person shall be liable for so treating 
the Noteholder. 
(d) 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more issue date 
(each, an “Issue Date”) and on terms otherwise identical (other than in respect of 
the Issue Date, the interest commencement date, the aggregate nominal amount, 
the amount and date of the first payment of interest and the issue price), the Notes 
of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that 
Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or 
different Issue Dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (other than in respect of the Issue Date, the 
interest commencement date, the aggregate nominal amount, the amount and date

--- Page 105 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
105 
of the first payment of interest and the issue price, will be identical to the terms of 
other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the relevant final terms to this 
Base Prospectus (the “Final Terms”). 
2 
Exchanges and Conversions of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Materialised Notes 
Materialised Bearer Notes may only be exchanged for Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes. Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not 
be exchanged for Materialised Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination.  
(b) 
Conversion of Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may 
not be converted for Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, 
whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif), 
whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré), may not be converted for 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, 
at the option of the relevant Noteholder, be converted into Notes in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The 
exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance 
with Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such 
conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
3 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes may be either senior Notes (the “Senior Notes”), subordinated Notes (the 
“Subordinated Notes”) or deeply subordinated Notes (the “Deeply Subordinated 
Notes”), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(a) 
Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes may be either senior preferred Notes (the “Senior Preferred 
Notes”) or senior non-preferred Notes (the “Senior Non-Preferred Notes”), in 
each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Senior Preferred Notes 
The Senior Preferred Notes (being those Notes which the relevant Final 
Terms specify as being Senior Preferred Notes) are Senior Preferred 
Obligations.  
The principal and interest on the Senior Preferred Notes constitute, with the 
Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons relating to them (if any), direct,

--- Page 106 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
106 
unconditional, senior (chirographaires) and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer ranking pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
with other Senior Preferred Obligations, and ranking: 
(i) 
senior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and any obligations ranking 
junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; and 
(ii) 
junior to all present and future claims benefiting from statutory 
preferences. 
If an insolvency proceeding or voluntary liquidation applies to the Issuer, the 
holders of the Senior Preferred Notes shall be responsible for taking all steps 
necessary to preserve the rights they may have against the Issuer. 
If and to the extent permitted by the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations, the 
Issuer may treat the Senior Preferred Notes, for regulatory purposes, as 
MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments under the Applicable MREL/TLAC 
Regulations, but in such case the obligations of the Issuer and the rights of 
the Noteholders under the Senior Preferred Notes shall not be affected if the 
Senior Preferred Notes no longer qualify as MREL/TLAC-Eligible 
Instruments. However, in such circumstances, the Issuer may redeem the 
Senior Preferred Notes in accordance with Condition 7(c) (Redemption upon 
the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event), if a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” means any obligations or other 
instruments issued by the Issuer which fall or are expressed to fall within the 
category of obligations described in Articles L.613-30-3-I-4° and R.613-28 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier. 
“Senior Preferred Obligations” means any obligations or other instruments 
issued by the Issuer which fall or are expressed to fall within the category of 
obligations described in Article L.613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code monétaire 
et financier. For the avoidance of doubt, all unsubordinated debt securities 
issued by the Issuer prior to the entry into force of Article L.613-30-3-I-4° of 
the French Code monétaire et financier constitute Senior Preferred 
Obligations. 
(ii) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes (being those Notes which the relevant Final 
Terms specify as being Senior Non-Preferred Notes) are Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations as provided for in Articles L.613-30-3-I-4° and R.613-
28 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
The principal and interest on the Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute, with 
the Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons relating to them (if any), direct, 
unconditional, senior (chirographaires) and unsecured obligations of the

--- Page 107 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
107 
Issuer ranking pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
with other Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, and ranking: 
(i) 
senior to Other Subordinated Obligations, Capital Subordinated 
Obligations, present and future prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, 
present and future titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and Deeply 
Subordinated Obligations; and 
(ii) 
junior to Senior Preferred Obligations and all present and future claims 
benefiting from statutory preferences. 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court 
declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, the 
Noteholders will have a right to payment under the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and the Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons relating to them (if any): 
(i) 
only after and subject to payment in full of holders of Senior Preferred 
Obligations and other present and future claims benefiting from 
statutory preferences or otherwise ranking in priority to Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations; and 
(ii) 
subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of Other 
Subordinated Obligations, Capital Subordinated Obligations, Deeply 
Subordinated Obligations and other present and future claims 
otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations. 
In the context of any such judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the 
Issuer and in the event of incomplete payment of any obligation of the Issuer 
that rank or are expressed to rank senior to such Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
the obligations of the Issuer in connection with such Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes will be terminated by operation of law. 
If an insolvency proceeding or voluntary liquidation applies to the Issuer, the 
holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be responsible for taking all 
steps necessary to preserve the rights they may have against the Issuer. 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be 
treated, for regulatory purposes, as MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments under 
the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations but that the obligations of the Issuer 
and the rights of the Noteholders under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall 
not be affected if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes no longer qualify as 
MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments. However, in such circumstances, the 
Issuer may redeem the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with 
Condition 7(c) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event), if a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event Call Option is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Capital Subordinated Obligations” means present and future direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that 
have constituted before 28 December 2020, or constitute fully or partly, Tier

--- Page 108 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
108 
2 Capital (including, without limitation, any obligations issued, borrowed or 
otherwise dated after 28 December 2020 that are fully excluded from 
Additional Tier 1 Capital so long as they constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 
Capital), whether in the form of notes or loans or otherwise, which rank (i) 
senior to the present and future prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, the 
present and future titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and Deeply 
Subordinated Obligations and (ii) junior to Other Subordinated Obligations 
and Unsubordinated Obligations. 
“Deeply Subordinated Obligations” means present or future, deeply 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer (including, without limitation, deeply 
subordinated obligations issued after 28 December 2020 so long as they 
constitute, fully or partly, Additional Tier 1 Capital and deeply subordinated 
obligations issued before 28 December 2020), whether in the form of notes 
or loans or otherwise, which rank (i) senior only to any classes of share 
capital issued by the Issuer, and (ii) junior to the present and future prêts 
participatifs granted to the Issuer, the present and future titres participatifs 
issued by the Issuer, Capital Subordinated Obligations, Other Subordinated 
Obligations and Unsubordinated Obligations. 
“Other Subordinated Obligations” means present and future direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer (a) that 
have never constituted, before 28 December 2020, fully or partly, Additional 
Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital or (b) that are issued, borrowed or otherwise 
dated after 28 December 2020, and are fully excluded from Additional Tier 1 
Capital and Tier 2 Capital, whether in the form of notes or loans or otherwise, 
in each case which rank (i) senior to Capital Subordinated Obligations and 
Deeply Subordinated Obligations and (ii) junior to Unsubordinated 
Obligations. 
(b) 
Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes (being those Notes which the relevant Final Terms specify 
as being Subordinated Notes) are issued pursuant to the provisions of Article 
L.228-97 of the French Code de commerce and are subordinated instruments as 
provided for in Article L.613-30-3-I-5° of the French Code monétaire et financier.  
The principal and interest on the Subordinated Notes constitute, with the Receipts, 
Talons and/or Coupons relating to them (if any), direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and subordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu without any 
preference among themselves, and ranking: 
(i) 
so long as the Subordinated Notes constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital: 
(a) 
pari passu with all other Capital Subordinated Obligations; 
(b) 
senior to any present and future prêts participatifs granted to the 
Issuer, present and future titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and 
Deeply Subordinated Obligations; and

--- Page 109 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
109 
(c) 
junior to:  
i. 
the Unsubordinated Obligations; and  
ii. 
the Other Subordinated Obligations;  
(ii) 
if and when the Subordinated Notes are fully excluded from Tier 2 Capital,  
(a) 
pari passu with all other Other Subordinated Obligations other than 
Other Subordinated Obligations to which the Notes are senior or 
junior as per paragraphs (b) and (c) below; 
(b) 
senior to: 
i. 
any Capital Subordinated Obligations; 
ii. 
any Other Subordinated Obligations that rank or are 
expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes; 
iii. 
any present and future prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, 
present and future titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and 
Deeply Subordinated Obligations; and 
(c) 
junior to:  
i. 
any Unsubordinated Obligations; and  
ii. 
any Other Subordinated Obligations that are expressed to 
rank senior to the Subordinated Notes. 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court 
declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer 
is liquidated for any other reason (liquidation amiable), the Noteholders will have a 
right to payment under the Subordinated Notes and the Receipts, Talons and/or 
Coupons relating to them (if any) prior to holders of debt that ranks or is expressed 
to rank junior to such Subordinated Notes but after holders of debt that ranks or is 
expressed to rank senior to such Subordinated Notes, in each case as detailed 
above. In the context of any such judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the 
Issuer and in the event of incomplete payment of any obligations of the Issuer that 
rank or are expressed to rank senior to such Subordinated Notes, the obligations 
of the Issuer in connection with such Subordinated Notes will be terminated by 
operation of law.  
If an insolvency proceeding or voluntary liquidation applies to the Issuer, the 
holders of the Subordinated Notes shall be responsible for taking all steps 
necessary to preserve the rights they may have against the Issuer. 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Subordinated Notes shall, for regulatory 
purposes, be treated (i) as Tier 2 Capital, and (ii) as MREL/TLAC-Eligible 
Instruments under the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations, but that the obligations 
of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes shall not be affected and the rights of

--- Page 110 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
110 
the Noteholders under the Subordinated Notes shall not be affected if the 
Subordinated Notes no longer qualify as Tier 2 Capital and/or MREL/TLAC-Eligible 
Instruments. However, in such circumstances, the Issuer may redeem the 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with, as applicable, Condition 7(c) (Redemption 
upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event) if a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and/or Condition 7(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event 
with respect to Subordinated Notes and Deeply Subordinated Notes). 
“Unsubordinated Obligations” means present and future direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations, whether in the form of loans, notes or 
other instruments of the Issuer (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Senior 
Preferred Obligations, Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and obligations towards 
depositors) that rank senior in priority to Other Subordinated Obligations, Capital 
Subordinated Obligations, any present and future prêts participatifs granted to the 
Issuer, present and future titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and Deeply 
Subordinated Obligations. 
(c) 
Deeply Subordinated Notes 
The Deeply Subordinated Notes (being those Notes which the relevant Final Terms 
specify as being Deeply Subordinated Notes) are issued pursuant to the provisions 
of Article L.228-97 of the French Code de commerce and are Deeply Subordinated 
Obligations as provided for in Article L.613-30-3-I-5° of the French Code monétaire 
et financier.  
The principal and interest on the Deeply Subordinated Notes constitute, with the 
Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons relating to them (if any), direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and ranking: 
(i) 
so long as the Deeply Subordinated Notes constitute, fully or partly, 
Additional Tier 1 Capital: 
(a) 
pari passu with all other Deeply Subordinated Obligations; and 
(b) 
junior to the present and future prêts participatifs granted to the 
Issuer, present and future titres participatifs issued by the Issuer, 
Capital Subordinated Obligations, Other Subordinated Obligations 
and Unsubordinated Obligations; 
(ii) 
if and when the Deeply Subordinated Notes are fully excluded from 
Additional Tier 1 Capital but so long as they constitute, fully or partly, Tier 
2 Capital: 
(a) 
pari passu with all other Capital Subordinated Obligations; 
(b) 
senior to any present and future prêts participatifs granted to the 
Issuer, present and future titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and 
Deeply Subordinated Obligations; and

--- Page 111 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
111 
(c) 
junior to:  
i. 
the Unsubordinated Obligations; and  
ii. 
the Other Subordinated Obligations. 
(iii) 
if and when the Deeply Subordinated Notes are fully excluded from 
Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital: 
(a) 
pari passu with all other Other Subordinated Obligations other than 
Other Subordinated Obligations to which the Deeply Subordinated 
Notes are senior or junior as per paragraphs (b) and (c) below; 
(b) 
senior to: 
i. 
any Capital Subordinated Obligations; 
ii. 
any Other Subordinated Obligations that are expressed to 
rank junior to the Deeply Subordinated Notes; 
iii. 
any present and future prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, 
present and future titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and 
Deeply Subordinated Obligations; and 
(c) 
junior to:  
i. 
any Unsubordinated Obligations; and  
ii. 
any Other Subordinated Obligations that are expressed to 
rank senior to the Deeply Subordinated Notes. 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court 
declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer 
is liquidated for any other reason (liquidation amiable), the Noteholders will have a 
right to payment under the Deeply Subordinated Notes and the Receipts, Talons 
and/or Coupons relating to them (if any) prior to holders of any Issuer’s Shares and 
the holder of any other debt that ranks or is expressed to rank junior to such Deeply 
Subordinated Notes but after holders of debt that ranks or is expressed to rank 
senior to such Deeply Subordinated Notes, in each case as detailed above.  
In the context of any such judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer 
and in the event of incomplete payment of any obligations of the Issuer that rank 
or are expressed to rank senior to such Deeply Subordinated Notes, the obligations 
of the Issuer in connection with such Deeply Subordinated Notes will be 
terminated.  
If an insolvency proceeding or voluntary liquidation applies to the Issuer, the 
holders of the Deeply Subordinated Notes shall be responsible for taking all steps 
necessary to preserve the rights they may have against the Issuer.

--- Page 112 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
112 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Deeply Subordinated Notes shall be treated, 
for regulatory purposes (i) as Additional Tier 1 Capital, and (ii) as MREL/TLAC-
Eligible Instruments under the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations, both at the 
level of Crédit Agricole S.A. Group and the level of the Crédit Agricole Group, but 
that the obligations of the Issuer under the Deeply Subordinated Notes shall not 
be affected and the rights of the Noteholders under the Deeply Subordinated Notes 
shall not be affected if the Deeply Subordinated Notes no longer qualify as 
Additional Tier 1 Capital and/or MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments. However, in 
such circumstances, the Issuer may redeem the Deeply Subordinated Notes in 
accordance with, as applicable, Condition 7(c) (Redemption upon the occurrence 
of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event) if a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event 
Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and/or Condition 
7(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to 
Subordinated Notes and Deeply Subordinated Notes). 
For a description of the risks related to a change to a more senior rank of any 
Subordinated Notes, Deeply Subordinated Notes or other capital instruments 
issued after 28 December 2020, if they are no longer fully recognised as capital 
instruments, pursuant to Article L.613-30-3-I-5° of the French Code monétaire et 
financier created by the French Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 relative au régime de 
résolution, please refer to the risk factors entitled “Deeply Subordinated Notes are 
deeply subordinated obligations and are junior to certain obligations” and 
“Subordinated Notes are subordinated obligations and are junior to certain 
obligations” and to the paragraph entitled “Implementation of Article 48(7) of BRRD 
under French law” in the section entitled “Government Supervision and Regulation 
of Credit institutions in France”. 
Without prejudice to the provisions of this Condition 3, if any Statutory Loss Absorption 
Power were to be exercised as further described in Condition 18 (Statutory Write-Down 
or Conversion), losses would in principle be borne (i) first by the holders of Capital 
Instruments in the following order of priority: (x) holders of common equity tier 1 
instruments, (y) holders of additional tier 1 instruments issued before 28 December 2020, 
and holders of additional tier 1 instruments issued after 28 December 2020 so long as 
they remain totally or partly qualified as such (such as the Deeply Subordinated Notes 
so long as they constitute, fully or partly, Additional Tier 1 Capital), and (z) holders of tier 
2 capital instruments issued before 28 December 2020, and holders of tier 2 capital 
instruments issued after 28 December 2020 so long as they remain totally or partly 
qualified as such (such as the Subordinated Notes so long as they constitute, fully or 
partly, Tier 2 Capital or the Deeply Subordinated Notes if and when the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes are fully excluded from Additional Tier 1 Capital but so long as they 
constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital), (ii) then by the holders of Eligible Liabilities in 
the following order of priority: (x) subordinated debt instruments other than capital 
instruments (including, without limitation, the Subordinated Notes issued after 28 
December 2020 if and when they are fully excluded from Tier 2 Capital and the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes issued after 28 December 2020 if and when they are fully excluded 
from Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital) in accordance with the hierarchy of 
claims in normal insolvency proceedings, and (y) other Eligible Liabilities in accordance 
with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings so that losses would in 
principle be borne first by holders of unsecured senior non-preferred debt instruments

--- Page 113 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
113 
(such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and then by holders of unsecured senior 
preferred debt instruments (such as the Senior Preferred Notes). For more information 
on the consequences of a resolution procedure initiated in respect of the Issuer and/or 
the Crédit Agricole Group in accordance with the provisions of the BRRD and the Single 
Resolution Mechanism Regulation, please refer to the section entitled “Government 
Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France” and the section entitled “Risk 
factors”. 
4 
No Negative Pledge 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
The Notes may be either fixed rate Notes (the “Fixed Rate Notes”), Fixed Rate 
Resettable Notes, fixed to floating rate Notes (the “Fixed / Floating Rate Notes”), 
floating rate Notes (the “Floating Rate Notes”), Inflation Linked Notes, CMS Linked 
Notes, Instalment Notes or zero coupon Notes (the “Zero Coupon Notes”), in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
No Deeply Subordinated Notes shall be issued as Zero Coupon Notes, Instalment Notes, 
Inflation Linked Notes or CMS Linked Notes. 
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Redemption Amounts, 
Amortised Face Amounts, the Current Principal Amount (in respect of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes only), and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to the Conditions, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts 
and all other amounts in the nature of interest payable pursuant to the Conditions and 
(iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that 
may be payable under this Condition. 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Resettable Notes 
(i) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The Interest Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 5(j) (Calculations). 
If a fixed amount of interest ("Fixed Coupon Amount") or a broken amount 
of interest ("Broken Amount") is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
relevant Interest Period will amount (i) to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, (ii) to the Broken Amount so specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 114 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
114 
(ii) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Resettable Notes 
If a Fixed Rate Note is specified in the relevant Final Terms as resettable (a 
“Fixed Rate Resettable Note”), the Rate of Interest will initially be a fixed 
rate and will then be resettable as provided below. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of an Interest Period will be as follows: 
(x) 
for each Interest Period falling in the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date, 
the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(y) 
for each Interest Period falling in the First Reset Period, the First Reset 
Rate of Interest; and 
(z) 
for each Interest Period in any Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Period. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(a)(ii): 
“CMT Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset 
Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent and expressed as a percentage equal to: 
(a) 
the yield for U.S. treasury securities at “constant maturity” for the 
relevant CMT Rate Maturity, as published in the H.15 under the 
caption “Treasury constant maturities (Nominal)”, as that yield is 
displayed, for the particular Reset Determination Date, on the CMT 
Rate Screen Page;  
(b) 
if the yield referred to in (a) above is not published by 4:00 p.m. (New 
York City time) on the CMT Rate Screen Page on such Reset 
Determination Date, the yield for U.S. treasury securities at “constant 
maturity” for the relevant CMT Rate Maturity as published in the H.15 
under the caption “Treasury constant maturities (Nominal)” for such 
Reset Determination Date; or 
(c) 
if the yield referred to in (b) above is not published by 4:30 p.m. (New 
York City time) on such Reset Determination Date, the rate calculated 
by the Calculation Agent as being a yield-to-maturity based on the 
Reference Government Bond Price at approximately 4:30 p.m. (New 
York City time) on such Reset Determination Date; 
“CMT Rate (JGB)” means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset 
Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent and expressed as a percentage equal to: 
(a) 
the yield for Japanese government bonds at “constant maturity” for the 
relevant CMT Rate Maturity, as published on the website of Ministry of

--- Page 115 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
115 
Finance of Japan under the caption “Interest Rate” or any successor 
page or service (the “CMT Rate (JGB) Screen Page”), as that yield is 
displayed, for the particular Reset Determination Date, on such Reset 
Determination Date; 
(b) 
if the yield referred to in (a) above is not published by 4:30 p.m. (Tokyo 
Time) on the CMT Rate (JGB) Screen Page on such Reset 
Determination Date, the rate calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
being a yield-to-maturity based on the Reference Government Bond 
Price at approximately 4:30 p.m. (Tokyo Time) on such Reset 
Determination Date; 
“CMT Rate Maturity” means the designated maturity for the CMT Rate or 
CMT Rate (JGB), as applicable, to be used for the determination of the Reset 
Reference Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“CMT Rate Screen Page” means page H15T5Y, page H15T1Y or any other 
page for CMT Rate on the Bloomberg L.P. service or any successor service 
or such other page as may replace that page or that service for the purpose 
of displaying “Treasury constant maturities” as reported in the H.15 or 
elsewhere, and, in each case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“First Reset Date” has the meaning specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if none, the Maturity Date; 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of 
the Reset Reference Rate for the First Reset Period (subject to the Reset 
Reference Rate being converted, where applicable, to an annualised rate) 
and the First Margin. All applicable conversions of Reset Reference Rate will 
be determined in accordance with market convention (rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards); 
“First Margin” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean 
of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency 
equivalent to the frequency of scheduled interest payments under the Notes 
during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis 
customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction 
in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in

--- Page 116 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
116 
an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the 
swap market and (iii) has a floating leg equivalent to the Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate 
payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent), 
or such other industry accepted successor mid-swap rate; 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means EURIBOR or any other 
reference rate as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, or such other 
rate, if any, as will have generally replaced EURIBOR or any other reference 
rate specified in the relevant Final Terms in the relevant market at the 
relevant time for purposes of the Mid-Market Swap Rate as determined by 
the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and pursuant to the terms set forth in 
paragraph (c) of the definition of Mid-Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Swap Maturity” has the meaning specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Period: 
(a) 
the mid-swap rate for swaps in the Specified Currency, with a term 
equal to such Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset 
Date, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page (the “Screen Page 
Mid-Swap Rate”) as at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(b) 
If on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not 
available, or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date, except as provided in paragraph (c) below, the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reset Reference Banks to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation 
as at approximately the Relevant Time on the Reset Determination 
Date in question. 
 
If at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the Mid-Swap Rate for 
the relevant Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards)) of the relevant quotations provided, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and 
the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 117 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
117 
 
If only two relevant quotations are provided, the Mid-Swap Rate for the 
relevant Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
aforesaid) of the relevant quotations provided, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
If only one relevant quotation is provided, the Mid-Swap Rate for the 
relevant Reset Period will be the relevant quotation, provided as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
 
If none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent 
with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation, the Mid-Swap Rate for the 
relevant Reset Period will be equal to the last Mid-Swap Rate available 
on the Relevant Screen Page as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
except that if the Calculation Agent or the Issuer determines that the 
absence of quotation is due to the discontinuation of the Screen Page 
Mid-Swap Rate, then the Mid-Swap Rate will be determined in 
accordance with paragraph (c) below. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (b) above, if at any time prior to, on or 
following any Reset Determination Date, (i) a Benchmark Event has 
occured in relation to the Mid-Swap Rate (or any component thereof) 
or (ii) the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines that the Screen 
Page Mid-Swap Rate has been discontinued, the Issuer will as soon as 
reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant 
Reset Determination Date) appoint an agent (the “Mid-Swap Rate 
Determination Agent”), which will determine, acting in good faith, in a 
commercially reasonable manner, and as an independent expert in the 
performance of its duties, whether a substitute or successor rate for 
purposes of determining the Mid-Swap Rate (or any component thereof) 
on each Reset Determination Date falling on such date or thereafter 
that is substantially comparable to the Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate is 
available. If the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent determines that 
there is an industry accepted successor mid-swap rate, the Mid-Swap 
Rate Determination Agent will use such successor mid-swap rate to 
determine the Mid-Swap Rate. For these purposes, a rate that (i) has 
a fixed leg term equal to that of the original Mid-Swap Rate and (ii) has 
a floating leg equivalent to the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate 
for the Mid-Swap Maturity that is formally recommended by a relevant 
central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority, a group of the 
aforesaid central banks, monetary authority or supervisory authority, or 
any similar institution (including any committee or working group 
thereof) for the currency to which the Mid-Swap Rate (or any 
component thereof) relates or any supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the Mid-Swap Rate will 
be considered an industry accepted successor mid-swap rate. It is 
further specified that if there are two or more industry successor rates 
recommended by the above-mentioned authority, institution or working 
groups, the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent shall determine which 
of those successor rates is most appropriate, having regard to, inter

--- Page 118 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
118 
alia, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the 
Issuer. If the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent has determined a 
substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, 
the “Replacement Mid-Swap Rate”), for the purposes of determining 
the Mid-Swap Rate on each Reset Determination Date falling on or 
after such determination but not earlier than the actual discontinuation 
of the Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate (i) the Mid-Swap Rate 
Determination Agent will also determine changes (if any) to the 
business day convention, the definition of business day, the interest 
determination date, the day count fraction, and any method for 
obtaining the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate, including any adjustment 
factor needed to make such Replacement Mid-Swap Rate comparable 
to the Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate (including any Adjustment Spread), 
in each case in a manner that is consistent with industry-accepted 
practices for such Replacement Mid-Swap Rates; (ii) references to the 
Mid-Swap Rate (or any component thereof) in the Conditions and the 
Final Terms applicable to the relevant Notes will be deemed to be 
references to the relevant Replacement Mid-Swap Rate, including any 
alternative method for determining such rate as described in (i) above; 
(iii) the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of the 
foregoing as soon as reasonably practicable; and (iv) the Issuer will 
give a notice as soon as reasonably practicable to the Noteholders (in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices)) and the relevant Paying Agent 
specifying the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate, as well as the details 
described in (i) above.  
The determination of the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate and the other 
matters referred to above by the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent, the relevant Paying Agent and 
the Noteholders, unless the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent, 
acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner, and as an 
independent expert in the performance of its duties, considers at a later 
date that the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate is no longer substantially 
comparable to the Mid-Swap Rate or does not constitute an industry 
accepted successor rate, in which case the Issuer shall re-appoint a 
Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent (which may or may not be the 
same entity as the original Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent) for the 
purpose of confirming the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate or determining 
a substitute Replacement Mid-Swap Rate in an identical manner as 
described in this paragraph (c). If the Mid-Swap Rate Determination 
Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute 
Replacement Mid-Swap Rate, then the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate 
will remain unchanged.  
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have 
accepted the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate or such other changes 
pursuant to this paragraph (c).

--- Page 119 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
119 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (c), (i) if the 
Issuer is unable to appoint a Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent or (ii) 
if the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise 
does not determine for any Interest Determination Date a Replacement 
Mid-Swap Rate or (iii) if the Issuer determines that (a) the replacement 
of the Mid-Swap Rate with the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate or any 
other amendment to the terms of the Notes necessary to implement 
such replacement would result in a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event 
or (in the case of Subordinated Notes or Deeply Subordinated Notes 
only) a Capital Event or (b) could reasonably result in the Relevant 
Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment Date as the 
effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, 
no Replacement Mid-Swap Rate or any other successor, replacement 
or alternative benchmark or screen rate will be adopted and the Mid-
Swap Rate for the relevant Reset Period will be equal to the last Mid-
Swap Rate available on the relevant Screen Page as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
The Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading bank or 
a broker-dealer in the principal financial center of the Specified 
Currency as appointed by the Issuer or (ii) an affiliate of the Issuer.  
“Quarterly Basis Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column 
or other part of a particular information service as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (or any successor or replacement page, section, caption, 
column or other part of a particular information service, as may be determined 
by the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent, acting in good 
faith, in a commercially reasonable manner, for the purpose of displaying 
equivalent or comparable basis swaps in the Specified Currency swap 
market, in connection with the determination of a Replacement Semi-
Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate); 
"Relevant Time" means the time specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Reset Date” means each of the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date 
and any Subsequent Reset Date, as applicable; 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of a Reset Period, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reset Period” means each of the First Reset Period or any Subsequent 
Reset Period, as applicable; 
“Reference Government Bond” means for any Reset Period, the Reference 
Government Bond specified in the Final Terms or, if no Reference Bond is 
specified therein or if the relevant Reference Government Bond is no longer 
outstanding at the relevant time, a government security or securities issued 
by the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency or, in the event 
clause (iii) of the definition of CMT Rate applies, a U.S. treasury security, or,

--- Page 120 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
120 
in the event clause (ii) of the definition of CMT Rate (JGB) applies, a 
Japanese government bond, in each case selected by the Issuer (after 
consultation with an investment bank or financial institution of international 
repute determined to be appropriate by the Issuer, which, for avoidance of 
doubt, could be the Calculation Agent) as having an actual or interpolated 
maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that would be used, at 
the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in 
pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the 
relevant Reset Period; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealers” means each of the four banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent (or such other person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) which are primary European, UK, U.S. or Japanese 
government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues, or such other banks specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Government Bond Price” means, with respect to any Reset 
Determination Date, (i) if at least three of the Reference Government Bond 
Dealers provide the Calculation Agent with Reference Government Bond 
Quotations, the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 
per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant 
quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the lowest), as determined by the Calculation Agent, (ii) if 
only two relevant quotations are provided, the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
aforesaid) of the relevant quotations provided, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, (iii) if only one relevant quotation is provided, such 
relevant quotation or (iv) if no quotations are provided, the last available rate 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, on the relevant Reset Determination Date, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
“Reference Government Bond Quotations” means, with respect to each 
Reference Government Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination 
Date, the arithmetic mean, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the 
bid and offered prices for the relevant Reference Government Bond 
(expressed, in each case, as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date quoted in writing to 
the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
“Reference Government Bond Rate” means, for any Reset Period: 
(a) 
if “Dealer Quotations Reference Government Bond Rate” is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the annual yield to maturity or interpolated 
yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the relevant 
Reference Government Bond, assuming a price for such Reference 
Government Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) 
equal to the relevant Reference Government Bond Price; or

--- Page 121 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
121 
(b)  if “Screen Page Reference Government Bond Rate” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the rate (expressed as a percentage) for 
government securities in the Specified Currency with a term equal to 
such Reset Period, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
approximately the Relevant Time specified in the relevant Final Terms 
on the Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, 
provided that, in the case of (b) above, if on any Reset Determination Date, 
the Relevant Screen Page is not available or such rate does not appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the Reset 
Determination Date, Dealer Quotations Reference Government Bond Rate 
shall apply for any such Reset Determination Date and the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Reference Government Bond Rate in accordance with 
the provisions of (a) above. 
“Reset Reference Banks” means the principal office in the principal financial 
center of the Specified Currency of six leading dealers in the swap market 
selected by the Calculation Agent (excluding any Agent or any of its affiliates) 
in its discretion after consultation with the Issuer; 
“Reset Reference Rate” means either:  
(a)  if “Mid-Swap Rate” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Mid-
Swap Rate at the Relevant Time on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date for such Reset Period; 
(b)  if “Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate; or 
(c) 
if “Reference Government Bond Rate” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Reference Government Bond Rate; or 
(d) 
if “Sterling Reference Bond Rate” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Sterling Reference Bond Rate; or 
(e) 
if “CMT Rate” or “CMT Rate (JGB)” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the CMT Rate or CMT Rate (JGB) on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date for such Reset Period; 
“Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to any Reset Period 
and related Reset Determination Date: 
(a) 
the prevailing Semi-Semi Mid-Swap Reference Rate, adjusted on a 
quarterly basis by referencing the arithmetic mean of the 3-month vs 6-
month basis swaps for a period equal to the Mid-Swap Maturity on the 
Quarterly Basis Screen Page, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date; 
(b) 
If on any Reset Determination Date, (i) any of the Relevant Screen

--- Page 122 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
122 
Page or the Quarterly Basis Screen Page is not available, or (ii) the 
Semi-Semi Mid-Swap Reference Rate does not appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date, or (iii) any of such basis swaps 
does not appear on the Quarterly Basis Screen Page, then, except as 
provided in paragraph (c) below, the Calculation Agent shall request 
each of the Reset Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent 
with its Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 
the Relevant Time on the Reset Determination Date in question, and: 
(1)  If at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate Quotation, 
the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate for the relevant Reset Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) of the relevant quotations provided, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) 
and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
lowest), as determined by the Calculation Agent; or  
(2) 
If only two relevant quotations are provided, the Semi-Quarterly 
Mid-Swap Rate for the relevant Reset Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant quotations 
provided, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(3) 
If only one relevant quotation is provided, the Semi-Quarterly 
Mid-Swap Rate for the relevant Reset Period shall be the relevant 
quotation provided, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or  
(4) 
If none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with a Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate Quotation, the 
Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate for the relevant Reset Period 
shall be equal to the last Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate 
available, as determined by the Calculation Agent, except that if 
the Calculation Agent or the Issuer determines that the absence 
of quotation is due to the discontinuation of the Screen Page 
Semi-Semi Mid-Swap Reference Rate or the Quarterly Basis 
Screen Page, then the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate shall be 
determined in accordance with paragraph (c) below.  
(c) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (b) above, if at any time prior to, on or 
following any Reset Determination Date, a Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap 
Benchmark Trigger Event has occurred, the Issuer will as soon as 
reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant 
Reset Determination Date) appoint an agent (the “Semi-Quarterly 
Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent”), which will determine, acting 
in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner, and as an 
independent expert in the performance of its duties, whether a 
substitute or successor rate for purposes of determining the Semi-

--- Page 123 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
123 
Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate (or any component thereof) on each Reset 
Determination Date falling on such date or thereafter that is 
substantially comparable to the last Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate or 
Replacement Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) available 
prior to the occurrence of the relevant Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap 
Benchmark Trigger Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent (the 
“Original Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate”), is available. If the Semi-
Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent determines that there is 
an industry accepted substitute or successor rate, the Semi-Quarterly 
Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent will use such substitute or 
successor rate to determine the relevant Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap 
Rate. For these purposes, a rate that is formally recommended by a 
relevant central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority, a group of the 
aforesaid central banks, monetary authority or supervisory authority, or 
any similar institution (including any committee or working group 
thereof) for the currency to which the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate 
(or any component thereof) relates or any supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Semi-Quarterly 
Mid-Swap Rate (or any component thereof) will be considered an 
industry accepted substitute or successor rate. It is further specified 
that if there are two or more industry substitute or successor rates 
recommended by the above-mentioned authority, institution or working 
groups, the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent shall 
determine which of those substitute or successor rates is most 
appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, the particular features of the 
relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. If the Semi-Quarterly Mid-
Swap Rate Determination Agent has determined a substitute or 
successor rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, the 
“Replacement Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate”), for the purposes of 
determining the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate on each Reset 
Determination Date falling on or after such determination but not earlier 
than the actual discontinuation of the Screen Page Semi-Semi Mid-
Swap Reference Rate, or the Quarterly Basis Screen Page, as 
applicable, (i) the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent 
will also determine changes (if any) to the business day convention, the 
definition of business day, the interest determination date, the day 
count fraction, and any method for obtaining the Replacement Semi-
Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate, including any adjustment factor needed to 
make such Replacement Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate comparable 
to the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate (including any Adjustment 
Spread, as the case may be), in each case in a manner that is 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement 
Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate; (ii) references to the Semi-Quarterly 
Mid-Swap Rate (or any component thereof) in the Conditions and the 
Final Terms applicable to the relevant Notes will be deemed to be 
references to the relevant Replacement Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap 
Rate, including any alternative method for determining such rate as 
described in (i) above; (iii) the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate

--- Page 124 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
124 
Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of the foregoing as soon as 
reasonably practicable; and (iv) the Issuer will give a notice as soon as 
reasonably practicable to the Noteholders (in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices)) and the relevant Paying Agent specifying the 
Replacement Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate, as well as the details 
described in (i) above.  
The determination of the Replacement Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate 
and the other matters referred to above by the Semi-Quarterly Mid-
Swap Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) 
be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal 
Agent, the relevant Paying Agent and the Noteholders, unless the 
Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent, acting in good 
faith, in a commercially reasonable manner, and as an independent 
expert in the performance of its duties, considers at a later date that the 
Replacement Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate is no longer substantially 
comparable to the Original Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate or does not 
constitute an industry accepted successor rate, in which case the 
Issuer shall re-appoint a Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate Determination 
Agent, (which may or may not be the same entity as the original Semi-
Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent,) for the purpose of 
confirming the Replacement Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate or 
determining a substitute Replacement Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate 
in an identical manner as described in this paragraph (c). If the Semi-
Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent is unable to or 
otherwise does not determine a substitute Replacement Semi-
Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate, then the Replacement Semi-Quarterly Mid-
Swap Rate will remain unchanged.  
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have 
accepted the Replacement Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate and/or such 
other changes pursuant to this paragraph (c). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (c), (i) if the 
Issuer is unable to appoint a Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate 
Determination Agent or (ii) if the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate 
Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine for 
any Reset Determination Date a Replacement Semi-Quarterly Mid-
Swap Rate or (iii) if the Issuer determines that (a) the replacement of 
the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate with the Replacement Semi-
Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate or any other amendment to the Conditions of 
the Notes necessary to implement such replacement would result in a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or (in the case of Subordinated 
Notes or Deeply Subordinated Notes only) a Capital Event or (b) could 
reasonably result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any 
future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date, no Replacement Semi-Quarterly 
Mid-Swap Rate or any other successor, replacement or alternative 
benchmark or screen rate will be adopted and the Semi-Quarterly Mid-

--- Page 125 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
125 
Swap Rate for the relevant Reset Period will be equal to the last Semi-
Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate available on, or prior to, the relevant Reset 
Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a 
leading bank or a broker-dealer in the principal financial center of the 
Specified Currency as appointed by the Issuer or (ii) an affiliate of the 
Issuer.  
“Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Benchmark Trigger Event” means any of the 
following events: (i) a Benchmark Event in relation to the Semi-Quarterly Mid-
Swap Rate (or any component thereof), or (ii) a determination by the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent that the Screen Page Semi-Semi Mid-Swap 
Reference Rate, or the Quarterly Basis Screen Page, as applicable, has 
been discontinued;  
“Semi-Semi Mid-Swap Reference Rate” means the relevant mid-market 
arithmetic mean, expressed as a percentage and rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards) of bid 
and offered swap rates for swap transactions in the Specified Currency with 
a maturity equal to the Mid-Swap Maturity displayed on the Relevant Screen 
Page (the “Screen Page Semi-Semi Mid-Swap Reference Rate”) at the 
Relevant Time, on the relevant Reset Determination Date; 
“Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate Quotations” means the arithmetic mean of 
the bid and offered rates provided by the relevant Reset Reference Bank at 
which fixed-for-floating swaps in the Specified Currency swap market are offered 
and bid by it at approximately the Relevant Time on the Reset Determination 
Date to participants in the Specified Currency swap market for a period equal to 
the Mid-Swap Maturity, with a semi-annual fixed leg and a quarterly floating leg; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Specified Denomination” means the nominal amount of a Note as 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Sterling Reference Bond Rate" means, for any Reset Period and related 
Reset Determination Date: 
(a)  if “Dealer Quotations Reference Government Bond Rate” is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the redemption yield in respect of the 
sterling reference government bond expressed as a percentage and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis set out by the United 
Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for 
Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 5, Section One: Price/Yield 
Formulae "Conventional Gilts; Double dated and Undated Gilts with 
Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" (published 
on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 2002 and 16 March 2005, 
and as further amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from time

--- Page 126 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
126 
to time) or, if such basis is no longer in customary market usage at such 
time, a redemption yield calculated in accordance with generally 
accepted market practice at such time as determined by the Issuer 
following consultation with an investment bank or financial institution of 
international repute determined to be appropriate by the Issuer (which, 
for the avoidance of doubt, could be the Calculation Agent), on an 
annual or semi-annual (as the case may be) compounding basis 
(rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards)) of such Reset Reference Rate in respect of 
that Reset Period, assuming a price for any such Reset Reference Rate 
(expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the 
Reference Government Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date; 
or 
(b)  if “Screen Page Sterling Reference Bond Rate” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the rate (expressed as a percentage) for 
government securities in GBP with a term equal to such Reset Period, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at approximately the 
Relevant Time specified in the relevant Final Terms on the Reset 
Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
provided that, in the case of (b) above, if on any Reset Determination Date, 
the Relevant Screen Page is not available or such rate does not appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the Reset 
Determination Date, Dealer Quotations Reference Government Bond Rate 
shall apply for any such Reset Determination Date and the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Sterling Reference Bond Rate in accordance with the 
provisions of (a) above; 
“Subsequent Margin” means the percentage specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means each date specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the 
Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset 
Date, and each successive period from (and including) a Subsequent Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset Date; and 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent 
Reset Period, the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset 
Reference Rate (subject to the Reset Reference Rate being converted, 
where applicable, to an annualised rate) and the relevant Subsequent Margin. 
All applicable conversions of Reset Reference Rates will be determined in 
accordance with market convention (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards).

--- Page 127 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
127 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, and such interest 
will be payable in arrear in respect of each Interest Period on either (i) each 
Interest Payment Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms or (ii) if no 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
“Interest Payment Date” shall mean each date which falls the number of 
months or other period specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest 
Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.  
The Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(j) 
(Calculations).  
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise 
fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is (A) the “Floating Rate Business Day Convention”, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which 
such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
“Following Business Day Convention”, such date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the “Modified Following Business 
Day Convention”, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day, (D) the “Preceding Business Day Convention”, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (E) 
the “No Adjustment Business Day Convention”, such date shall not be 
adjusted, provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that “No Adjustment Business 
Day Convention” may not be specified in respect of any Interest Payment 
Dates. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if "ISDA Determination" is specified 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” is specified as the applicable ISDA Definitions and "Unscheduled 
Holiday" (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, then if (i) Floating Rate Business Day Convention, 
Modified Following Business Day Convention or Preceding Business Day 
Convention applies to a particular date and (ii) such date falls on a day that 
is not a Business Day as a result of an Unscheduled Holiday (disregarding

--- Page 128 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
128 
references to “Valuation Business Day” and “Exercise Business Day” and 
construing references to the “Confirmation” to mean the relevant Final Terms) 
notwithstanding the provisions of limbs (A), (C) and (D) of the above sub-
paragraph, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day. 
 (iii) Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and the provisions below relating to ISDA Determination, FBF 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon 
which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where “ISDA Determination” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) in 
accordance with Condition 5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of 
Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts and Rounding), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest 
Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the relevant ISDA Definitions 
and under which: 
(i)  
If the Final Terms specify either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 
ISDA Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;  
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified as such in the 
relevant ISDA Definitions unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
(d) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option, “Compounding” is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
“Compounding with Lookback” is specified as the 
“Compounding Method” in the relevant Final Terms,

--- Page 129 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
129 
“Lookback” is the number of Applicable Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
“Compounding with Observation Period Shift” is 
specified as the “Compounding Method” in the 
relevant Final Terms, (a) “Observation Period Shift” 
is the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) 
“Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days”, 
if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or 
(3) 
“Compounding with Lockout” is specified as the 
“Compounding Method” in the relevant Final Terms, 
(a) “Lockout” is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
and (b) “Lockout Period Business Days”, if applicable, 
are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(e) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option, “Averaging” is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
“Averaging with Lookback” is specified as the 
“Averaging Method” in the relevant Final Terms, 
“Lookback” is the number of Applicable Business 
Days as specified in relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
“Averaging with Observation Period Shift” is specified 
as the “Averaging Method” in the relevant Final 
Terms, (a) “Observation Period Shift” is the number 
of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) “Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days”, if applicable, 
are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
“Averaging with Lockout” is specified as the 
“Averaging Method” in the relevant Final Terms, (a) 
“Lockout” is the number of Lockout Period Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) 
“Lockout Period Business Days”, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(f)  
if the specified Floating Rate Option is a Compounded 
Index Floating Rate Option and “Index Provisions” are 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
shall be applicable and:

--- Page 130 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
130 
(1)  “Observation Period Shift” is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; and  
(2)  “Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days”, 
if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(ii)  
in connection with any Compounding, Averaging or Index 
Method specified in the relevant Final Terms, references in the 
ISDA Definitions to: 
(a) 
“Floating Rate Day Count Fraction” shall be deemed to be 
a reference to the relevant Day Count Fraction; 
(b) 
“Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(c) 
“Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant 
Interest Period; 
(d) “Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date; 
and 
(e)  “Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
(iii)  if the Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the 
applicable ISDA Definitions, 
(a) 
“Administrator/ Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and 
(b) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any 
specified Floating Rate Option is specified to be 
“Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions), the reference to “Calculation Agent Alternative 
Rate Determination” in the definition of “Temporary Non-
Publication – Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by 
“Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's 
Rate”. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Applicable Business 
Days”, “Averaging with Lockout” , “Averaging with Lookback”, 
“Averaging with Observation Period Shift”, “Compounded Index 
Method with Observation Period Shift”, “Compounding with 
Lockout”, “Compounding with Lookback”, “Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift”, “Index Floating Rate Option”, “Lockout 
Period Business Days“, “Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days”, “Observation Period Shift Business Days”,

--- Page 131 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
131 
“Overnight Floating Rate Option”, “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset 
Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions. 
(B) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where “FBF Determination” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate 
of Interest for each interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate. For the purposes of 
this sub-paragraph (B), “FBF Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by 
the Agent under a notional interest rate swap transaction (échange) in 
the relevant Specified Currency incorporating the FBF Definitions and 
under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) 
the Floating Rate Determination Date is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “Floating Rate”, “Agent” 
and “Floating Rate Determination Date” are translations of the 
French terms “Taux Variable”, “Agent” and “Date de Determination du 
Taux Variable”, respectively, which have the meanings given to those 
terms in the FBF Definitions. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
1. 
Screen Rate Determination 
(x) 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotation(s),  
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate which appears or appear, on the Relevant 
Screen Page (the “Screen Page Reference Rate”) as at 
the Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
5(i) 
(Margin, 
Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts

--- Page 132 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
132 
and Redemption Amounts and Rounding), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If five or more of such offered quotations are available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, only one of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall 
be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(y) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, or if sub 
paragraph (x)(1) applies and no such offered quotation 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub paragraph 
(x)(2) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at 
the Relevant Screen Page Time, except as provided in 
paragraph (z) below, the Calculation Agent shall request 
each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at the 
Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) in accordance 
with Condition 5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of 
Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
and Rounding), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two 
Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated 
to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such 
banks were offered at the Relevant Screen Page Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks 
in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) in accordance with 
Condition 5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of 
Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
and Rounding). If fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would

--- Page 133 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
133 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic 
mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, at which, at the Relevant 
Screen Page Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or 
are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks 
in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) in accordance with 
Condition 5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of 
Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
and Rounding).  
By exception, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be equal to the last 
Reference Rate available on the Relevant Screen Page 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
5(i) 
(Margin, 
Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts 
and Redemption Amounts and Rounding) as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, except that if the Calculation 
Agent or the Issuer determines that the absence of 
quotation is due to the discontinuation of the Screen Page 
Reference Rate, then the Reference Rate will be 
determined in accordance with paragraph (z) below. 
(z) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (y) above, if at any time prior to, 
on or following any Interest Determination Date, (i) a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate 
or (ii) the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines that 
the Screen Page Reference Rate has been discontinued, 
the Issuer will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in 
any event prior to the next relevant Interest Determination 
Date) 
appoint 
an 
agent 
(the 
“Reference 
Rate 
Determination Agent”), which will determine, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and 
as an independent expert in the performance of its duties, 
whether a substitute or successor rate for purposes of 
determining the Reference Rate on each Interest 
Determination Date falling on such date or thereafter that 
is substantially comparable to the Screen Page Reference 
Rate is available. If the Reference Rate Determination 
Agent determines that there is an industry accepted 
successor rate, the Reference Rate Determination Agent 
will use such successor rate to determine the Reference 
Rate. For these purposes, a rate that is formally 
recommended by a relevant central bank, reserve bank,

--- Page 134 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
134 
monetary authority, a group of the aforesaid central banks, 
monetary authority or supervisory authority, or any similar 
institution (including any committee or working group 
thereof) for the currency to which the Reference Rate 
relates or any supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate will be 
considered an industry accepted successor rate. It is 
further specified that if there are two or more industry 
successor rates recommended by the above-mentioned 
authority, institution or working groups, the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent shall determine which of those 
successor rates is most appropriate, having regard to, inter 
alia, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the 
nature of the Issuer. If the Reference Rate Determination 
Agent has determined a substitute or successor rate in 
accordance 
with 
the 
foregoing 
(such 
rate, 
the 
“Replacement Reference Rate”), for purposes of 
determining the Reference Rate on each Interest 
Determination Date falling on or after such determination 
but not earlier than the actual discontinuation of the Screen 
Page Reference Rate (i) the Reference Rate Determination 
Agent will also determine changes (if any) to the business 
day convention, the definition of business day, the interest 
determination date, the day count fraction, and any method 
for obtaining the Replacement Reference Rate, including 
any adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement 
Reference Rate comparable to the Screen Page Reference 
Rate (including any Adjustment Spread), in each case in a 
manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices 
for such Replacement Reference Rate; (ii) references to 
the Reference Rate in the Conditions and the Final Terms 
applicable to the relevant Notes will be deemed to be 
references to the Replacement Reference Rate, including 
any alternative method for determining such rate as 
described in (i) above; (iii) the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of the foregoing 
as soon as reasonably practicable; and (iv) the Issuer will 
give notice as soon as reasonably practicable to the 
Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices)) 
and the relevant Paying Agent specifying the Replacement 
Reference Rate, as well as the details described in (i) 
above.  
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and 
the other matters referred to above by the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) 
be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, 
the Fiscal Agent, the relevant Paying Agent and the

--- Page 135 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
135 
Noteholders, unless the Reference Rate Determination 
Agent, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable 
manner and as an independent expert in the performance 
of its duties, considers at a later date that the Replacement 
Reference Rate is no longer substantially comparable to 
the Reference Rate or does not constitute an industry 
accepted successor rate, in which case the Issuer shall re-
appoint a Reference Rate Determination Agent (which may 
or may not be the same entity as the original Reference 
Rate Determination Agent) for the purpose of confirming 
the Replacement Reference Rate or determining a 
substitute Replacement Reference Rate in an identical 
manner as described in this paragraph (z). If the Reference 
Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does 
not determine a substitute Replacement Reference Rate, 
then the Replacement Reference Rate will remain 
unchanged. 
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder shall be 
deemed to have accepted the Replacement Reference 
Rate or such other changes pursuant to this paragraph (z). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (z), 
(i) if the Issuer is unable to appoint a Reference Rate 
Determination Agent or (ii) if the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not 
determine for any Interest Determination Date a 
Replacement Reference Rate or (iii) if the Issuer 
determines that (a) the replacement of the Reference Rate 
with the Replacement Reference Rate or any other 
amendment to the terms of the Notes necessary to 
implement such replacement would result in a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event or (in the case of Subordinated 
Notes or Deeply Subordinated Notes only) a Capital Event 
or (b) could reasonably result in the Relevant Resolution 
Authority treating any future Interest Payment Date as the 
effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant 
Maturity Date, no Replacement Reference Rate or any 
other successor, replacement or alternative benchmark or 
screen rate will be adopted and the Reference Rate for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period will be equal to the last 
Reference Rate available on the Relevant Screen Page as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a 
leading bank or a broker-dealer in the principal financial 
center of the Specified Currency as appointed by the Issuer 
or (ii) an affiliate of the Issuer.

--- Page 136 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
136 
For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph (z) is not 
applicable where SOFR is specified as Reference Rate nor, 
save as otherwise specified in Condition 5.(b)(iii)(C)3., 
Condition 
5.(b)(iii)(C)4., 
Condition 
5.(b)(iii)(C)5. 
or 
Condition 
5.(b)(iii)(C)6., 
Condition 
5.(b)(iii)(C)7. 
as 
applicable, where SONIA, €STR, SARON (or SAION), 
TONA or CORRA is specified as Reference Rate. 
2. 
Provisions specific to SOFR as Reference Rate 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined and SOFR is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the Reference Rate, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be equal to the relevant 
SOFR Benchmark, plus or minus (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) in accordance with 
Condition 5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of 
Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
and Rounding), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The “SOFR Benchmark” will be determined based on 
either SOFR Arithmetic Mean, SOFR Compound or SOFR 
Index Average, as follows (subject to paragraph (y) below): 
(1) 
if SOFR Arithmetic Mean (“SOFR Arithmetic Mean”) 
is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the SOFR Benchmark for each Interest Period shall 
be the arithmetic mean of the SOFR rates for each 
day during the period, as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent, where, if applicable (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms), the SOFR rate on the 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date shall be used for the days 
in the period from (and including) the SOFR Rate 
Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Interest Payment 
Date; 
(2) 
if SOFR Compound (“SOFR Compound”) is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the SOFR Benchmark for each Interest Period shall 
be equal to the value of the SOFR rates for each day 
during the relevant Interest Period (where SOFR 
Compound with Lookback is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms to determine SOFR Compound), 
Observation Period (where SOFR Compound with 
Observation Period Shift is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms to determine SOFR Compound) or 
Interest Accrual Period (where SOFR Compound

--- Page 137 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
137 
with Payment Delay is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms to determine SOFR Compound). 
SOFR Compound shall be calculated in accordance 
with one of the formulas referenced below: 
a)  
SOFR Compound with Lookback: 
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑥𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷 × 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Period, means the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one 
to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in 
chronological order from (and including) the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
“Lookback Days” means the number of U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period, 
means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) the 
following 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Day (“i+1”); and 
“SOFRi-xUSBD” 
for 
any 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Interest Period, is equal to the SOFR in respect 
of the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days falling a number of U.S. Government

--- Page 138 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
138 
Securities Business Days prior to that day “i” 
equal to the number of Lookback Days. 
b)  
SOFR Compound with Observation Period 
Shift: 
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 × 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the 
number 
of 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one 
to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in 
chronological order from (and including) the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
in the relevant Observation Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, means the number of calendar days 
from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i” up to (but 
excluding) the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of 
each Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling a number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days equal to 
the Observation Shift Days preceding the first 
date in such Interest Period to (but excluding) 
the date falling a number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days equal to the number 
of Observation Shift Days, preceding the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period;

--- Page 139 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
139 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day 
“i”. 
c)  
SOFR Compound with Payment Delay 
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 × 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Accrual Period, means the 
number 
of 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one 
to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in 
chronological order from (and including) the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Interest Accrual Periods” each period from 
(and including) an Interest Accrual Period End 
Date (or in the case of the first Interest Accrual 
Period, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the next Interest Accrual Period 
End Date (or, in the case of the final Interest 
Accrual Period, the Maturity Date or, if the 
Issuer elects to redeem the notes prior to the 
Maturity Date, the redemption date); 
“Interest Accrual Period End Dates” shall 
have the meaning specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;

--- Page 140 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
140 
“Interest Payment Dates” shall be the number 
of Business Days equal to the Interest Payment 
Delay following each Interest Accrual Period 
End Date; provided that the Interest Payment 
Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual 
Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer 
elects to redeem the notes prior to the Maturity 
Date, the redemption date; 
“Interest Payment Delay” means the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Determination Dates” 
mean the Interest Accrual Period End Date at 
the end of each Interest Accrual Period; 
provided 
that 
the 
Interest 
Payment 
Determination Date with respect to the final 
Interest Accrual Period will be the SOFR Rate 
Cut-Off Date; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i" in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, means the number of calendar days 
from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i" up to (but 
excluding) the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (“i+1”); and 
“SOFRi” means for any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i" in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, is equal to SOFR in 
respect of that day “i". 
For purposes of calculating SOFR Compound 
with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period, 
the level of SOFR for each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the period from 
(and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date or the 
redemption date, as applicable, shall be the 
level of SOFR in respect of such SOFR Rate 
Cut-Off Date. 
(3)  If SOFR Index Average (“SOFR Index Average”) is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the SOFR Benchmark for each Interest Period shall 
be equal to the value of the SOFR rates for each day

--- Page 141 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
141 
during the relevant Interest Period as calculated by 
the Calculation Agent as follows: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
𝑑𝑐
) 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of 
a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards, 
where: 
“SOFR Index” means the SOFR Index in relation to 
any U.S. Government Securities Business Day as 
published by the NY Federal Reserve on the NY 
Federal 
Reserve’s 
Website 
at 
the 
SOFR 
Determination Time and appearing on the Relevant 
Screen Page.  
“SOFR IndexStart” means the SOFR Index value on 
the date that is the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms preceding the first date of the relevant 
Interest Period (a “SOFR Index Determination 
Date”). 
“SOFR IndexEnd” means the SOFR Index value on 
the date that is the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms preceding the Interest Payment Date 
relating to such Interest Period (or in the final Interest 
Period, the Maturity Date). 
“dc” means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) the SOFR IndexStart to (but excluding) the 
SOFR IndexEnd. 
Subject paragraph (y) below, if the SOFR Index is not 
published 
on 
any 
relevant 
SOFR 
Index 
Determination Date and a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date have not occurred, the “SOFR 
Index Average” shall be calculated on any Interest 
Determination Date with respect to an Interest 
Period, in accordance with the SOFR Compound 
formula described above in “b) SOFR Compound 
with Observation Period Shift” and the term 
“Observation Shift Days” shall mean two U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days. If a SOFR

--- Page 142 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
142 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the 
provisions set forth in paragraph (y) below shall 
apply. 
In connection with the SOFR provisions above, the 
following definitions apply: 
“Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page” means the 
Bloomberg screen designated “SOFRRATE” or any 
successor page or service; 
“NY Federal Reserve” means the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York; 
“NY Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of 
the NY Federal Reserve, currently at www.newyorkfed.org, 
or any successor website of the NY Federal Reserve or the 
website of any successor administrator of SOFR; 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is a 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Day(s) 
prior to the end of each Interest Period, the Maturity Date 
or the redemption date, as applicable, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Reuters Page USDSOFR=” means the Reuters page 
designated “USDSOFR=” or any successor page or 
service; 
“SOFR” means, with respect to any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent or the SOFR Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent, as the case may be, in accordance 
with the following provision: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published at 
the SOFR Determination Time, as such rate is 
reported on the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE 
Page, then the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
published at the SOFR Determination Time, as such 
rate is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=, 
then the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that 
appears at the SOFR Determination Time on the NY 
Federal Reserve’s Website; or 
(ii)  
if the rate specified in (i) above does not appear, the 
SOFR published on the NY Federal Reserve’s 
Website for the first preceding U.S. Government

--- Page 143 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
143 
Securities Business Day for which SOFR was 
published on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website;  
“SOFR Determination Time” means approximately 3:00 
p.m. (New York City time) on the NY Federal Reserve’s 
Website on the immediately following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day. 
(y) 
If the Issuer determines that a SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event and the related SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred at or prior to the relevant SOFR 
Determination Time in respect of any determination of the 
SOFR Benchmark on any day, the Issuer will deliver notice 
thereof to the Calculation Agent and as soon as reasonably 
practicable appoint an agent (the “SOFR Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent”) to determine the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement. Once the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement is determined, it will replace the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark for all purposes relating to all affected 
Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for 
all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the determination of the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement, the SOFR Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent will determine appropriate SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made 
by the Issuer or the SOFR Replacement 
Rate 
Determination Agent (as the case may be) pursuant to 
these provisions, including any determination with respect 
to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of any event, circumstance or date and any 
decision to take or refrain from taking any action or 
selection: (1) will be conclusive and binding absent 
manifest error; (2) will be made in the sole discretion of the 
Issuer or the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent (as the case may be); and (3) notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the terms and conditions of the 
affected Notes, shall become effective without the consent 
from the Noteholders or any other party. 
Notwithstanding 
the 
foregoing, 
if 
(i) 
the 
SOFR 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent is unable to or 
otherwise does not determine a SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement for any date on or following the relevant 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date, or (ii) the Issuer 
determines that (a) the replacement of then-current SOFR 
Benchmark by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement or any

--- Page 144 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
144 
other amendments to the Conditions of the affected Notes 
necessary to implement such replacement would result in 
an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes or Deeply Subordinated Notes only) a 
Capital Event, or (b) could reasonably result in the 
Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future Interest 
Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather 
than the relevant Maturity Date, no SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement will be adopted by the SOFR Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent, and the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement will be SOFR determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
immediately 
preceding 
the 
SOFR 
Benchmark 
Replacement Date. 
If a SOFR Benchmark Replacement is designated, the 
determination of whether a subsequent SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred will be determined after substituting 
such prior SOFR Benchmark Replacement for the relevant 
SOFR Benchmark, and after application of all SOFR 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Conforming 
Changes 
in 
connection with such substitution, and all relevant 
definitions shall be construed accordingly. 
In connection with the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
provisions above, the following definitions apply: 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement” means the first 
alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent as of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date: 
a.  
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has 
been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-
current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor and (b) the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
b.  
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
c.  
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate that has been 
selected 
by 
the 
SOFR 
Replacement 
Rate 
Determination Agent as the replacement for the then-
current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate as a replacement for the then-

--- Page 145 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
145 
current 
SOFR 
Benchmark 
for 
U.S. 
dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means 
the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent as of the applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
a.  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment (which may be 
a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected 
or 
recommended 
by 
the 
Relevant 
Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement; 
b.  
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, then the ISDA Spread Adjustment; 
c.  
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) determined by the SOFR 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark with the applicable 
Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement for U.S. 
dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
“SOFR 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Conforming 
Changes” means, with respect to any SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including changes to the definitions of “interest 
period”, “interest reset period” and ‘interest reset dates”, 
timing and frequency of determining rates with respect to 
each interest period and making payments of interest, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, day count fractions and 
other administrative matters) that the SOFR Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent decides may be appropriate to 
reflect 
the 
adoption 
of 
such 
SOFR 
Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with 
market practice (or, if the SOFR Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent decides that adoption of any portion 
of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if 
the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
determines that no market practice for use of the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as

--- Page 146 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
146 
the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
determines is reasonably necessary); 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date” means the 
earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark: 
a.  
in the case of clause a. or b. of the definition of SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date 
of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the 
administrator of such SOFR Benchmark permanently 
or indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component); 
b.  
in the case of clause c. of the definition of SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date 
of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date of non-
representativeness, prohibition of use or applicable 
restrictions referenced therein; or 
c.  
in the case of clause d. of the definition of SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event, the date of such SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event, 
provided that, in the event of any public statements or 
publications of information as referenced in clauses a. or b. 
above, should such event or circumstance referred to in 
such a public statement or publication occur on a date 
falling later than three (3) months after the relevant public 
statement or publication, the SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event shall be deemed to occur on the date falling three (3) 
months prior to such specified date (and not the date of the 
relevant public statement or publication). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same 
day as, but earlier than, the SOFR Determination Time in 
respect of any determination, the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the SOFR Determination Time for such determination; 
“SOFR Benchmark Transition Event” means the 
occurrence of one or more of the following events with 
respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark: 
a.  
a public statement or publication of information by or 
on behalf of the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark announcing that such administrator has

--- Page 147 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
147 
ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of such statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the SOFR Benchmark; 
b.  
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor of the SOFR Benchmark, the 
central bank for the currency of the SOFR 
Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the SOFR Benchmark, or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the 
SOFR Benchmark, has ceased or will cease to 
provide the SOFR Benchmark,permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark; 
c.  
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
SOFR Benchmark, announcing that either the SOFR 
Benchmark (a) is no longer representative, (b) has 
been or will be prohibited from being used or (c) its 
use has been or will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, either generally or in respect 
of the relevant Notes; 
d.  
the SOFR Benchmark is not published by its 
administrator (or a successor administrator) for five 
(5) 
consecutive 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Days;  
“Corresponding Tenor” with respect to a SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including 
overnight) 
having 
approximately 
the 
same 
length 
(disregarding business day adjustment) as the applicable 
tenor for the then-current SOFR Benchmark; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate to be effective upon 
the occurrence of a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event, 
where such rate may have been adjusted for an overnight 
tenor, but without giving effect to any additional spread 
adjustment to be applied according to such ISDA 
Definitions.

--- Page 148 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
148 
“ISDA 
Spread 
Adjustment” 
means 
the 
spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that shall have been selected by ISDA as the 
spread adjustment that would apply to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY 
Federal Reserve or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System and/or the NY Federal Reserve, or any 
successor; 
“SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent” means 
the agent appointed by the Issuer in the event a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date occur. The SOFR Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent may be (i) a leading bank or a broker-
dealer in the principal financial center of the Specified 
Currency as appointed by the Issuer or (ii) an affiliate of the 
Issuer; 
“Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement” means 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any 
day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(SIFMA) recommends that the fixed income departments 
of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
3. 
Provisions specific to SONIA as Reference Rate 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined and SONIA is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the Reference Rate, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be equal to the relevant 
SONIA Benchmark, plus or minus (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) in accordance with 
Condition 5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of 
Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
and Rounding), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The “SONIA Benchmark” will be determined based on 
either SONIA Compound or SONIA Index Determination, 
as follows (subject to paragraph (y) below):

--- Page 149 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
149 
(1) 
if SONIA Compound (“SONIA Compound”) is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the SONIA Benchmark for each Interest Period shall 
be equal to the value of the SONIA rates for each day 
during the relevant Interest Period (where SONIA 
Compound with Lookback is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms to determine SONIA Compound), 
Observation Period (where SONIA Compound with 
Observation Period Shift is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms to determine SONIA Compound) or 
Interest Accrual Period (where SONIA Compound 
with Payment Delay is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms to determine SONIA Compound). 
SONIA Compound shall be calculated in accordance 
with one of the formulas referenced below: 
a)  
SONIA Compound with Lookback: 
(∏(1 +
SONIA𝑖−pLBD × 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 365
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Period, means the number 
of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, 
each 
representing 
the 
relevant 
London 
Banking Day in chronological order from (and 
including) the first London Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any 
day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i” in the 
relevant Interest Period, means the number of

--- Page 150 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
150 
calendar days from (and including) such day “i” 
up to (but excluding) the following London 
Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Lookback Days” means the number of 
London Banking Days specified in the Final 
Terms; 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking 
Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such 
London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator 
of 
SONIA 
to 
authorised 
distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors, in 
each case on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking 
Day; and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” for any London Banking Day “i” 
in the relevant Interest Period, is equal to the 
SONIA in respect of the London Banking Day 
falling a number of London Banking Days prior 
to that day “i” equal to the number of Lookback 
Days. 
b)  
SONIA Compound with Observation Period 
Shift: 
(∏(1 + SONIA𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 365
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the 
number of London Banking Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, 
each 
representing 
the 
relevant 
London

--- Page 151 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
151 
Banking Day in chronological order from (and 
including) the first London Banking Day in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any 
day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i” in the 
relevant Observation Period, means the 
number of calendar days from (and including) 
such day “i” up to (but excluding) the following 
London Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of 
each Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling a number of London 
Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift 
Days preceding the first day of such Interest 
Period to (but excluding) the date falling a 
number of London Banking Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number 
of London Banking Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking 
Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such 
London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator 
of 
SONIA 
to 
authorised 
distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors, in 
each case on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking 
Day; and 
“SONIAi” for any London Banking Day “i” in the 
relevant Observation Period, is equal to SONIA 
in respect of that day “i”. 
c)  
SONIA Compound with Payment Delay:

--- Page 152 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
152 
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 × 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 365
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Accrual Period, means the 
number of London Banking Days in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one 
to d0, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from (and 
including) the first London Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Interest Accrual Periods” each period from 
(and including) an Interest Accrual Period End 
Date (or in the case of the first Interest Accrual 
Period, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the next Interest Accrual Period 
End Date (or, in the case of the final Interest 
Accrual Period, the Maturity Date or, if the 
Issuer elects to redeem the notes prior to the 
Maturity Date, the redemption date); 
“Interest Accrual Period End Dates” shall 
have the meaning specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Dates” shall be the number 
of Business Days equal to the Interest Payment 
Delay following each Interest Accrual Period 
End Date; provided that the Interest Payment 
Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual 
Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer 
elects to redeem the notes prior to the Maturity 
Date, the redemption date; 
“Interest Payment Delay” means the number 
of London Banking Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 153 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
153 
“Interest Payment Determination Dates” 
mean the Interest Accrual Period End Date at 
the end of each Interest Accrual Period; 
provided 
that 
the 
Interest 
Payment 
Determination Date with respect to the final 
Interest Accrual Period will be the SONIA Rate 
Cut-Off Date; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i" in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, means the 
number of calendar days from (and including) 
such London Banking Day “i" up to (but 
excluding) the following London Banking Day 
(“i+1”);  
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking 
Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such 
London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator 
of 
SONIA 
to 
authorised 
distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors, in 
each case on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking 
Day;  
“SONIAi” means for any London Banking Day 
“i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, is 
equal to SONIA in respect of that day “i"; and 
“SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date 
that is a number of London Banking Day(s) 
prior to the end of each Interest Period, the 
Maturity Date or the redemption date, as 
applicable, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
For purposes of calculating SONIA Compound 
with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period, 
the level of SONIA for each London Banking 
Day in the period from (and including) the 
SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date or the redemption date, as 
applicable, shall be the level of SONIA in 
respect of such SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date.

--- Page 154 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
154 
(2) 
if SONIA Index Determination (“SONIA Index 
Determination”), is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the following provisions shall 
apply and the SONIA Benchmark for each Interest 
Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily SONIA 
as the Reference Rate for the calculation of interest) 
(expressed as a percentage and rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date 
in accordance with the following formula: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) × 365
𝑑 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) the day in relation to which SONIA Index 
Start is determined to (but excluding) the day in 
relation to which SONIA Index End is determined;  
“London Banking Day” means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
“Relevant Number” means the number specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, five); 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight 
Index Average rate for such London Banking Day, as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the London 
Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day;  
“SONIA Index End” means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the SONIA Index determined in 
relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to (A) the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period, or (B) such 
other date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which by its definition or the operation 
of the relevant provisions is excluded from such 
Interest Period);

--- Page 155 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
155 
“SONIA Index Start” means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the SONIA Index determined in 
relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period; and 
“SONIA Index” means the screen rate or index for 
compounded daily SONIA rates administered by the 
administrator of the SONIA that is published or 
displayed by such administrator or other information 
service from time to time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. 
If the relevant SONIA Index is not published or 
displayed on the Relevant Screen Page by the 
administrator of the SONIA or other information 
service by 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if later, by the 
time falling one hour after the customary or 
scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance 
with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the 
administrator of the SONIA or of such other 
information service, as the case may be) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the SONIA 
Benchmark for the applicable Interest Period for 
which the SONIA Index is not available shall be 
determined 
as 
set 
out 
under 
Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)3.(x)(1)b) above as if SONIA Compound 
with Observation Period Shift were specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and for these 
purposes: the Observation Shift Days in respect of 
the applicable Interest Period for which the SONIA 
Index is not available shall be deemed to be equal to 
the Relevant Number of London Banking Days, as if 
such alternative elections had been made in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(y) 
If, in respect of that London Banking Day “i-pLBD” or “i”, as 
applicable, the Calculation Agent determines that the 
SONIA is not available on the Relevant Screen Page (the 
“SONIA Screen Page”) or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, such 
SONIA shall be (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the 
“Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on the relevant 
London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five (5) days on 
which a SONIA has been published, excluding the highest 
spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if 
there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those

--- Page 156 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
156 
lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate (the “SONIA 
Replacement Rate”). 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the 
Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the 
SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace 
the SONIA, the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it 
is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to 
determine the SONIA Replacement Rate for the purpose 
of the Notes for so long as the SONIA is not available or 
has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (y), 
if (i) the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation 
Agent, or (ii) the Issuer determines that (a) the replacement 
of then-current SONIA by the SONIA Replacement Rate or 
any other amendments to the terms of the Notes necessary 
to implement such replacement would result in an 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes or Deeply Subordinated Notes only) a 
Capital Event, or (b) could reasonably result in the 
Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future Interest 
Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather 
than the relevant Maturity Date, no SONIA Replacement 
Rate will be adopted by the Calculation Agent, and the 
SONIA Replacement Rate for the relevant Interest Period 
will be equal to the last SONIA available on the SONIA 
Screen Page as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Notwithstanding the above, if the provisions of this paragraph 
fail to provide a means of determining the Rate of Interest, 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)1.(z) above shall apply and references 
to Screen Page Reference Rate shall be deemed to be 
references to SONIA Screen Page. 
4. 
Provisions specific to €STR as Reference Rate 
(x) 
Where €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final 
Terms in respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the €STR rate 
of interest determination method, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, could be either €STR Compound with 
Lookback or €STR Compound with Observation Shift as 
follows: 
(1) 
if €STR Compound with Lookback is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period shall be, subject as 
provided below, €STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND 
plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the

--- Page 157 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
157 
Margin (if any) in accordance with Condition 5(i) 
(Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, 
Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding); or 
 
(2) 
if €STR Compound with Observation Shift is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be, 
subject 
as 
provided 
below, 
€STR-SHIFT-
COMPOUND plus or minus (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
5(i) 
(Margin, 
Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment 
Amounts and Redemption Amounts and Rounding). 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)4: 
“€STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the 
daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
relevant 
Final 
Terms) 
on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date, as follows: 
(∏(1 +
€STR𝑖−pTBD × 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Period, means the number of TARGET 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“€STRi-pTBD” for any TARGET Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Interest Period, is equal to the €STR in respect of 
the TARGET Business Day falling “p” TARGET Business 
Days prior to the relevant TARGET Business Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant TARGET Business Day in

--- Page 158 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
158 
chronological order from (and including) the first TARGET 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Interest Period, means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such TARGET Business Day “i” up to (but 
excluding) the following TARGET Business Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the period 
specified in the Final Terms; and 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Period, the number of 
TARGET Business Days included in the Observation 
Look-Back Period.  
 “€STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro 
short-term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
on the Interest Determination Date, as follows: 
(∏(1 + €STR𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of 
TARGET Business Days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“€STRi” for any TARGET Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to the €STR in respect of that 
TARGET Business Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant TARGET Business Day in 
chronological order from (and including) the first TARGET 
Business Day in the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 159 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
159 
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, means the number of calendar days 
from (and including) such TARGET Business Day “i” up to 
(but excluding) the following TARGET Business Day 
(“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling a 
number of TARGET Business Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of the such 
Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling a number 
of TARGET Business Days equal to the Observation Shift 
Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period; and 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of TARGET 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(y) 
If the €STR is not published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(the “€STR Screen Page”) on any particular TARGET 
Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event has 
occurred, the €STR for such TARGET Business Day shall 
be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last TARGET 
Business Day for which such rate was published on the 
ECB’s Website. 
(z) 
If the €STR is not published on the €STR Screen Page on 
any particular TARGET Business Day and both an €STR 
Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred, the rate of €STR for each 
relevant TARGET Business Day occurring on or after such 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as 
if references to €STR were references to the ECB 
Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended 
before the end of the first TARGET Business Day following 
the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Event occurs, then the rate of €STR for each relevant 
TARGET Business Day occurring on or after the €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR. 
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended 
and both an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR 
for each relevant TARGET Business Day occurring on or 
after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation

--- Page 160 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
160 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR 
were references to the Modified EDFR. 
Any substitution of the €STR by the ECB Recommended 
Rate or the Modified EDFR as specified above (the “€STR 
Replacement Rate”) will remain effective for the remaining 
term to maturity of the Notes. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (z), 
if (i) the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), or (ii) the Issuer determines that (a) the 
replacement 
of 
then-current 
€STR 
by the 
€STR 
Replacement Rate or any other amendments to the terms 
of the Notes necessary to implement such replacement 
would result in an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or (in 
the case of Subordinated Notes or Deeply Subordinated 
Notes only) a Capital Event, or (b) could reasonably result 
in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future 
Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the 
Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, no €STR 
Replacement Rate will be adopted by the Calculation 
Agent, and the €STR Replacement Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period will be equal to the last €STR available on 
the €STR Screen Page as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. Notwithstanding the above, if the provisions of this 
paragraph fail to provide a means of determining the Rate 
of Interest, Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)1.(z) above shall apply and 
references to Screen Page Reference Rate shall be 
deemed to be references to €STR Screen Page. 
In connection with the €STR provisions above, the 
following definitions apply: 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 
of the ECB of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate 
(€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any 
spreads or adjustments) recommended as the replacement 
for €STR by the ECB (or any successor administrator of 
€STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the ECB (or any successor administrator of 
€STR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement for 
€STR (which rate may be produced by the ECB or another 
administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 161 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
161 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” 
means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
a.  
a public statement or a publication of information by 
or on behalf of the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
b.  
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the ECB 
recommended Rate, the central bank of the currency 
of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which 
states 
that 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
ECB 
Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective 
Date” means, in respect of an ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation 
Agent; 
“ECB’s Website” means the website of the ECB currently 
at www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor source officially 
designated by the ECB; 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the 
rate on the deposit facility, which banks may use to make 
overnight deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising of the 
ECB and the national central banks of those countries that 
have adopted the Euro) as published on the ECB’s 
Website;

--- Page 162 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
162 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
a.  
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended 
before the end of the first TARGET Business Day 
following the date on which the €STR Index 
Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the 
daily difference between the €STR and the EDFR for 
each of the 30 TARGET Business Days immediately 
preceding the date on which the €STR Index 
Cessation Event occurred; or 
b.  
if both an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the 
ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of 
the 
30 
TARGET 
Business 
Day 
immediately 
preceding the date on which the ECB Recommended 
Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Days, 
the interest rate representing the wholesale Euro 
unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in 
the Euro area provided by the ECB as administrator of such 
rate (or any successor administrator) and published on the 
ECB’s Website at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, 
in case a revised euro short-term rate is published as 
provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR 
Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such 
revised interest rate) on the TARGET Business Day 
immediately following such TARGET Business Day; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of 
one or more of the following events, as determined by the 
Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
a.  
a public statement or publication of information by or 
on behalf of the ECB (or any successor administrator 
of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease 
to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or the publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide €STR; or 
b.  
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor of the administrator of €STR, 
the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency 
official 
with 
jurisdiction 
over 
the 
administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with

--- Page 163 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
163 
jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of €STR, which 
states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or 
will cease to provide €STER permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect 
of an €STR Index Cessation Event, the first date on which 
€STR is no longer provided by the ECB (or any successor 
administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the 
EDFR plus the EDFR Spread; 
“TARGET Business Day” or “TBD” means any day on 
which the T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro; 
and 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated 
by the Eurosystem, or any successor system. 
5. 
Provisions specific to SARON as Reference Rate 
 (x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined and SARON is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the Reference Rate, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be equal to the relevant 
SARON Benchmark, plus or minus (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) in accordance with 
Condition 5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of 
Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
and Rounding), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The “SARON Benchmark” will be determined based on 
either SARON Compound or SAION Index Determination, 
as follows (subject to paragraph (y) below): 
(1) 
if SARON Compound (“SARON Compound”) is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the SARON Benchmark for each Interest Period shall 
be equal to the value of the SARON rates for each 
day during the relevant Interest Period (where 
SARON Compound with Lookback is specified in the 
relevant 
Final 
Terms 
to 
determine 
SARON 
Compound), Observation Period (where SARON

--- Page 164 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
164 
Compound with Observation Period Shift is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms to determine SARON 
Compound) or Interest Accrual Period (where 
SARON Compound with Payment Delay is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms to determine SARON 
Compound). 
SARON 
Compound 
shall 
be 
calculated 
in 
accordance with one of the formulas referenced 
below: 
a)  
SARON Compound with Lookback: 
(∏(1 + SARON𝑖−𝑥𝑍𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Period, means the number 
of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one 
to d0, each representing the relevant Zurich 
Banking Day in chronological order from (and 
including) the first Zurich Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
“Lookback Days” means the number of Zurich 
Banking Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“ni” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the 
relevant Interest Period, means the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such Zurich 
Banking Day “i” up to (but excluding) the 
following Zurich Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“SARON”, in respect of any Zurich Banking 
Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich

--- Page 165 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
165 
Banking Day as provided by the SARON 
Administrator to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors, in each case on the Zurich Banking 
Day immediately following such Zurich Banking 
Day; 
“SARONi-xZBD” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in 
the relevant Interest Period, is equal to the 
SARON in respect of the Zurich Banking Day 
falling a number of Zurich Banking Days prior 
to that day “i” equal to the number of Lookback 
Days; and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which 
banks are open in the City of Zurich for the 
settlement of payments and of foreign 
exchange transactions. 
b)  
SARON Compound with Observation Period 
Shift: 
(∏(1 + SARON𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the 
number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, 
each representing the relevant Zurich Banking 
Day in chronological order from (and including) 
the first Zurich Banking Day in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“ni” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the 
relevant Observation Period, means the 
number of calendar days from (and including)

--- Page 166 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
166 
such day “i” up to (but excluding) the following 
Zurich Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of 
each Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling a number of Zurich 
Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift 
Days preceding the first day of such Interest 
Period to (but excluding) the date falling a 
number of Zurich Banking Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number 
of Zurich Banking Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“SARON”, in respect of any Zurich Banking 
Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich 
Banking Day as provided by the SARON 
Administrator to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors, in each case on the Zurich Banking 
Day immediately following such Zurich Banking 
Day; 
 “SARONi” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the 
relevant Observation Period, is equal to 
SARON in respect of that day “i”; and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which 
banks are open in the City of Zurich for the 
settlement of payments and of foreign 
exchange transactions. 
c)  
SARON Compound with Payment Delay: 
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝐴𝑅𝑂𝑁𝑖 × 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where:

--- Page 167 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
167 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Accrual Period, means the 
number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one 
to d0, each representing the relevant Zurich 
Banking Day in chronological order from (and 
including) the first Zurich Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Interest Accrual Periods” each period from 
(and including) an Interest Accrual Period End 
Date (or in the case of the first Interest Accrual 
Period, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the next Interest Accrual Period 
End Date (or, in the case of the final Interest 
Accrual Period, the Maturity Date or, if the 
Issuer elects to redeem the notes prior to the 
Maturity Date, the redemption date); 
“Interest Accrual Period End Dates” shall 
have the meaning specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Dates” shall be the number 
of Business Days equal to the Interest Payment 
Delay following each Interest Accrual Period 
End Date; provided that the Interest Payment 
Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual 
Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer 
elects to redeem the notes prior to the Maturity 
Date, the redemption date; 
“Interest Payment Delay” means the number 
of Zurich Banking Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Determination Dates” 
mean the Interest Accrual Period End Date at 
the end of each Interest Accrual Period; 
provided 
that 
the 
Interest 
Payment 
Determination Date with respect to the final 
Interest Accrual Period will be the SARON Rate 
Cut-Off Date; 
“ni” for any Zurich Banking Day “i" in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, means the

--- Page 168 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
168 
number of calendar days from (and including) 
such Zurich Banking Day “i" up to (but 
excluding) the following Zurich Banking Day 
(“i+1”); 
“SARON”, in respect of any Zurich Banking 
Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich 
Banking Day as provided by the SARON 
Administrator to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors, in each case on the Zurich Banking 
Day immediately following such Zurich Banking 
Day; 
“SARONi” means for any Zurich Banking Day 
“i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, is 
equal to SARON in respect of that day “i";  
“SARON Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date 
that is a number of Zurich Banking Day(s) prior 
to the end of each Interest Period, the Maturity 
Date or the redemption date, as applicable, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
For 
purposes 
of 
calculating 
SARON 
Compound with respect to the final Interest 
Accrual Period, the level of SARON for each 
Zurich Banking Day in the period from (and 
including) the SARON Rate Cut-Off Date to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date or the 
redemption date, as applicable, shall be the 
level of SARON in respect of such SARON 
Rate Cut-Off Date; and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which 
banks are open in the City of Zurich for the 
settlement of payments and of foreign 
exchange transactions. 
(2) 
if SAION Index Determination (“SAION Index 
Determination”), is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the following provisions shall 
apply and the SARON Benchmark for each Interest 
Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily SARON 
as the Reference Rate for the calculation of interest)

--- Page 169 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
169 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula: 
( 𝑆𝐴𝐼𝑂𝑁 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝐴𝐼𝑂𝑁 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) × 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d”, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) the day in relation to which SAION Index 
Start is determined to (but excluding) the day in 
relation to which SAION Index End is determined;  
“Relevant Number” means the number specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, five); 
“SARON”, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day as provided 
by 
the 
SARON 
Administrator 
to 
authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors, in each case on the Zurich 
Banking Day immediately following such Zurich 
Banking Day; 
“SAION Index End” means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the SAION Index determined in 
relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of 
Zurich Banking Days prior to (A) the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period, or (B) such 
other date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which by its definition or the operation 
of the relevant provisions is excluded from such 
Interest Period); 
“SAION Index Start” means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the SAION Index determined in 
relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of 
Zurich Banking Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period;  
“SAION Index” means the screen rate or index for 
compounded daily SARON rates administered by the 
SARON Administrator that is published or displayed 
by such administrator or other information service

--- Page 170 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
170 
from time to time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks 
are open in the City of Zurich for the settlement of 
payments and of foreign exchange transactions. 
If the relevant SAION Index is not published or 
displayed by the administrator of the SARON or other 
information service by 6.00 p.m. (Zurich time) (or, if 
later, by the time falling one hour after the customary 
or scheduled time for publication thereof in 
accordance with the then-prevailing operational 
procedures of the administrator of the SARON or of 
such other information service, as the case may be) 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
SARON Benchmark for the applicable Interest Period 
for which the SAION Index is not available shall be 
determined 
as 
set 
out 
under 
Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)5.(x)(1)b) above as if SARON Compound 
with Observation Period Shift were specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and for these 
purposes the Observation Shift Days in respect of the 
applicable Interest Period for which the SAION Index 
is not available shall be deemed to be equal to the 
Relevant Number of Zurich Banking Days, as if such 
alternative elections had been made in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(y) 
If the SARON is not published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (the “SARON Screen Page”) at the Relevant Screen 
Page Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day and a 
SARON Index Cessation Event and a SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date have not both occurred on or prior 
to the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Zurich 
Banking Day, the SARON for such Zurich Banking Day 
shall be the rate equal to the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight published by the SARON Administrator on the 
SARON Administrator Website for the last preceding 
Zurich Banking Day on which the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight was published by the SARON Administrator on 
the SARON Administrator Website. 
(z) 
If the SARON is not published on the SARON Screen Page 
at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Zurich 
Banking Day and both a SARON Index Cessation Event 
and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred on or prior to the Relevant Screen Page Time on 
the relevant Zurich Banking Day:

--- Page 171 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
171 
a.  
if there is a SARON Recommended Replacement 
Rate within one Zurich Banking Day of the SARON 
Index Cessation Effective Date, the SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate for such Zurich 
Banking 
Day, 
giving 
effect 
to 
the 
SARON 
Recommended Adjustment Spread, if any, published 
on such Zurich Banking Day; or 
b.  
if there is no SARON Recommended Replacement 
Rate within one Zurich Banking Day of the SARON 
Index Cessation Effective Date, the policy rate of the 
Swiss National Bank (the “SNB Policy Rate”) for 
such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB 
Adjustment Spread, if any. 
Any substitution of the SARON by the SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate or the SNB Policy Rate 
as specified above (the “SARON Replacement Rate”) will 
remain effective for the remaining term to maturity of the 
Notes. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (z), 
if (i) the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation 
Agent, or (ii) the Issuer determines that (a) the replacement 
of then-current SARON by the SARON Replacement Rate 
or any other amendments to the terms of the Notes 
necessary to implement such replacement would result in 
an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes or Deeply Subordinated Notes only) a 
Capital Event, or (b) could reasonably result in the 
Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future Interest 
Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather 
than the relevant Maturity Date, no SARON Replacement 
Rate will be adopted by the Calculation Agent, and the 
SARON Replacement Rate for the relevant Interest Period 
will be equal to the last SARON available on the SARON 
Screen Page as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Notwithstanding the above, if the provisions of this paragraph 
fail to provide a means of determining the Rate of Interest, 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)1.(z) above shall apply and references 
to Screen Page Reference Rate shall be deemed to be 
references to SARON Screen Page. 
In connection with the SARON provisions above, the 
following definitions apply:

--- Page 172 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
172 
“SARON Administrator” means SIX Swiss Exchange or 
any successor administrator of the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight; 
“SARON Administrator Website” means the website of 
the SARON Administrator; and 
“SARON Index Cessation Effective Date” means the 
earliest of: 
a.  
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index 
Cessation Event described in clause a. of the 
definition thereof, the date on which the SARON 
Administrator ceases to provide the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight; 
b.  
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index 
Cessation Event described in clause b.(x) of the 
definition thereof, the latest of: (i) the date of such 
statement or publication, (ii) the date, if any, specified 
in such statement or publication as the date on which 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight will no longer be 
representative, and (iii) if a SARON Index Cessation 
Event described in clause b.(y) of the definition 
thereof has occurred on or prior to either or both 
dates specified in subclauses (i) and (ii) of this clause 
b., the date as of which the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight may no longer be used; and 
c.  
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index 
Cessation Event described in clause b.(y) of the 
definition thereof, the date as of which the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used; 
“SARON Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence 
of one or more of the following events: 
a.  
a public statement or publication of information by or 
on behalf of the SARON Administrator, or by any 
competent authority, announcing or confirming that 
the SARON Administrator has ceased or will cease 
to provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; or 
b.  
a public statement or publication of information by the 
SARON Administrator or any competent authority 
announcing that (x) the Swiss Average Rate

--- Page 173 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
173 
Overnight is no longer representative or will as of a 
certain date no longer be representative, or (y) the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer be 
used after a certain date, which statement, in the 
case of subclause (y), is applicable to (but not 
necessarily limited to) fixed income securities and 
derivatives; 
“SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread” means, 
with respect to any SARON Recommended Replacement 
Rate, the spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), 
or formula or methodology for calculating such a spread, 
a.  
that 
the 
SARON 
Recommending 
Body 
has 
recommended 
be 
applied 
to 
such 
SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate in the case of 
fixed income securities with respect to which such 
SARON Recommended Replacement Rate has 
replaced the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the 
reference rate for purposes of determining the 
applicable rate of interest thereon; or 
b.  
if the SARON Recommending Body has not 
recommended 
such 
a 
spread, 
formula 
or 
methodology as described in clause a. above, to be 
applied 
to 
such 
SARON 
Recommended 
Replacement Rate, which spread will be determined 
by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, and be consistent 
with industry-accepted practices for fixed income 
securities with respect to which such SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the reference rate 
for purposes of determining the applicable rate of 
interest thereon; 
“SARON Recommended Replacement Rate” means the 
rate that has been recommended as the replacement for 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight by any working group 
or committee in Switzerland organised in the same or a 
similar manner as the National Working Group on Swiss 
Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 2013 for 
purposes of, among other things, considering proposals to 
reform reference interest rates in Switzerland (any such 
working 
group 
or 
committee, 
the 
“SARON 
Recommending Body”); 
“SIX Swiss Exchange” means SIX Swiss Exchange AG 
and any successor thereto; and

--- Page 174 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
174 
“SNB Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to the 
SNB Policy Rate, the spread to be applied to the SNB 
Policy Rate, which spread will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner, taking into account the historical 
median between the Swiss Average Rate Overnight and 
the SNB Policy Rate during the two year period ending on 
the date on which the SARON Index Cessation Event 
occurred (or, if more than one SARON Index Cessation 
Event has occurred, the date on which the first of such 
events occurred). 
6. 
Provisions specific to TONA as Reference Rate 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined and TONA is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the Reference Rate, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be equal to the relevant 
TONA Benchmark, plus or minus (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) in accordance with 
Condition 5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of 
Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
and Rounding), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The “TONA Benchmark” for each Interest Period shall be 
equal (subject to paragraph (y) below) to the value of the 
TONA rates for each day during the relevant Interest 
Period (where TONA Compound with Lookback is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms to determine TONA 
Compound), Observation Period (where TONA Compound 
with Observation Period Shift is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms to determine TONA Compound) or Interest 
Accrual Period (where TONA Compound with Payment 
Delay is specified in the relevant Final Terms to determine 
TONA Compound). 
TONA Benchmark shall be calculated in accordance with 
one of the formulas referenced below: 
a)  
TONA Compound with Lookback: 
(∏(1 +
TONA𝑖−pTBD × 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 365
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards,

--- Page 175 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
175 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Period, means the number of 
Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant Tokyo Banking Day in 
chronological order from (and including) the first 
Tokyo Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
“Lookback Days” means the number of Tokyo 
Banking Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“ni” for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” in the relevant 
Interest Period, means the number of calendar days 
from (and including) such day “i” up to (but 
excluding) the following Tokyo Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“p” means, in relation to any Interest Period, the 
number of Tokyo Banking Days included in the 
Lookback Days; 
“Tokyo Banking Day” means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Tokyo; 
“TONA” means the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate 
administered by the Bank of Japan (or any successor 
administrator); and  
“TONAi-pTBD” for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” in the 
relevant Interest Period, is equal to the TONA in 
respect of the Tokyo Banking Day falling “p” Tokyo 
Banking Days prior to that day “i” equal to the number 
of Lookback Days. 
b)  
TONA Compound with Observation Period Shift: 
(∏(1 + TONA𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 365
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards, 
where:

--- Page 176 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
176 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number 
of Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant Tokyo Banking Day in 
chronological order from (and including) the first 
Tokyo Banking Day in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“ni” for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, means the number of calendar 
days from (and including) such day “i” up to (but 
excluding) the following Tokyo Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each 
Interest Period, the period from (and including) the 
date falling a number of Tokyo Banking Days equal 
to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day 
of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date 
falling a number of Tokyo Banking Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of 
Tokyo Banking Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
“Tokyo Banking Day” means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Tokyo; 
“TONA” means the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate 
administered by the Bank of Japan (or any successor 
administrator); and 
“TONAi” for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to TONA in respect of 
that day “i”. 
c)  
TONA Compound with Payment Delay: 
(∏(1 + 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝑖 × 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 365
𝑑

--- Page 177 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
177 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of 
a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Accrual Period, means the 
number of Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, 
each representing the relevant Tokyo Banking Day in 
chronological order from (and including) the first 
Tokyo Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“Interest Accrual Periods” each period from (and 
including) an Interest Accrual Period End Date (or in 
the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
next Interest Accrual Period End Date (or, in the case 
of the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date 
or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes prior to 
the Maturity Date, the date set for redemption); 
“Interest Accrual Period End Dates” shall have the 
meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Dates” shall be the number of 
Business Days equal to the Interest Payment Delay 
following each Interest Accrual Period End Date; 
provided that the Interest Payment Date with respect 
to the final Interest Accrual Period will be the Maturity 
Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the notes prior 
to the Maturity Date, the redemption date; 
“Interest Payment Delay” means the number of 
Tokyo Banking Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Interest Payment Determination Dates” mean the 
Interest Accrual Period End Date at the end of each 
Interest Accrual Period; provided that the Interest 
Payment Determination Date with respect to the final 
Interest Accrual Period will be the TONA Rate Cut-
Off Date;

--- Page 178 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
178 
“ni” for any Tokyo Banking Day “i" in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, means the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such Tokyo 
Banking Day “i" up to (but excluding) the following 
Tokyo Banking Day (“i+1”);  
“Tokyo Banking Day” means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Tokyo; 
“TONA” means the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate 
administered by the Bank of Japan (or any successor 
administrator); 
“TONAi” for any Tokyo Banking Day “i" in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, is equal to TONA in respect 
of that day “i"; and 
“TONA Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is a 
number of Tokyo Banking Day(s) prior to the end of 
each Interest Period, the Maturity Date or the 
redemption date, as applicable, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
For purposes of calculating TONA Compound with 
respect to the final Interest Accrual Period, the level 
of TONA for each Tokyo Banking Day in the period 
from (and including) the TONA Rate Cut-Off Date to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date or the redemption 
date, as applicable, shall be the level of TONA in 
respect of such TONA Rate Cut-Off Date. 
(y) 
In the event that the confirmed value (published as an 
average) of TONA offered or published by the Bank of 
Japan (or any successor administrator) in respect of that 
Tokyo Banking Day “i-pTBD” or “i”, as applicable (the 
“TONA Confirmed Value”) is not offered or published by 
the Bank of Japan (or any successor administrator) in 
respect of any Tokyo Banking Day within an Interest 
Period, Observation Period or Interest Accrual Period, as 
applicable: 
(1) 
the Issuer will as soon as reasonably practicable (and 
in any event prior to the next relevant Interest 
Payment Determination Date) appoint an agent (the 
“TONA Alternative Rate Determination Agent”), 
which will determine, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and as an 
independent expert in the performance of its duties,

--- Page 179 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
179 
whether any Recommended Alternative Rate (as 
defined below) is available. If a Recommended 
Alternative Rate is available, such Recommended 
Alternative Rate shall be applicable to calculate the 
Rate of Interest (together with any other adjustment, 
as the case may be, as provided below) as from the 
next Interest Payment Determination Date; or 
(2) 
(a) if the Issuer is unable to appoint a TONA 
Alternative Rate Determination Agent, or (b) if the 
TONA Alternative Rate Determination Agent is 
unable to or does not determine a Recommended 
Alternative Rate, or (c) if the Issuer determines that 
the replacement of then-current TONA by the 
Recommended Alternative Rate or any other 
amendments to the terms of the Notes necessary to 
implement such replacement (x) would result in a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes and Deeply Subordinated Notes 
only) in a Capital Event or (y) could reasonably result 
in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any 
future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity 
of the notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, 
then the TONA Confirmed Value offered or published 
for the Tokyo Banking Day immediately preceding 
such Tokyo Banking Day shall be deemed as the 
TONA Confirmed Value for such Tokyo Banking Day. 
If a Recommended Alternative Rate is determined in 
accordance with paragraph (1) above, (i) the TONA 
Alternative Rate Determination Agent will also determine 
changes (if any) that it deems reasonably necessary and 
appropriate to reflect the replacement of TONA with the 
Recommended Alternative Rate in respect of the 
provisions in the terms of the Notes (including, but not 
limited to, the provisions on the day count fraction or the 
business day convention, or the definitions of Tokyo 
Banking Day, Interest Determination Date, Interest Period, 
Observation Period or Interest Accrual Period) and take 
any and all relevant actions, in each case in a manner that 
is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such 
Recommended Alternative Rate; (ii) references to TONA in 
the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms will be deemed 
to be references to the Recommended Alternative Rate, 
including any alternative method for determining such rate 
as described in (i) above; (iii) the TONA Alternative Rate 
Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of the foregoing 
as soon as reasonably practicable; and (iv) the Issuer will 
give notice as soon as reasonably practicable to the

--- Page 180 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
180 
Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices)) 
and 
the 
relevant 
Paying 
Agent 
specifying 
the 
Recommended Alternative Rate, as well as the details 
described in (i) above.  
The determination of the Recommended Alternative Rate 
and the other matters referred to above by the TONA 
Alternative Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence 
of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent, the relevant Paying 
Agent and the Noteholders, unless the TONA Alternative 
Rate Determination Agent, acting in good faith, in a 
commercially reasonable manner and as an independent 
expert in the performance of its duties, considers at a later 
date that the Recommended Alternative Rate is no longer 
substantially comparable to TONA or does not constitute 
an industry accepted successor rate, in which case the 
Issuer shall re-appoint a TONA Alternative Rate 
Determination Agent (which may or may not be the same 
entity as the original TONA Alternative Rate Determination 
Agent) for the purpose of confirming the Recommended 
Alternative 
Rate 
or 
determining 
a 
substitute 
Recommended Alternative Rate in an identical manner as 
described in this paragraph (y). If the TONA Alternative 
Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does 
not determine a substitute Recommended Alternative Rate, 
then the Recommended Alternative Rate will remain 
unchanged. 
Each Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the 
Recommended Alternative Rate and changes to be made 
pursuant to the provisions of the above paragraphs in 
advance. 
The TONA Alternative Rate Determination Agent may be (i) 
a leading bank or a broker-dealer in Tokyo as appointed by 
the Issuer or (ii) an affiliate of the Issuer. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
"Recommended Alternative Rate" means the rate approved, 
designated or recommended by the Relevant Authority (as 
defined below) as an alternative rate for TONA (including any and 
all spread or adjustment). In case there are two or more such 
rates, the TONA Alternative Rate Determination Agent shall 
determine which of those rates is most appropriate, having 
regard to, inter alia, the particular features of the relevant Notes 
and the nature of the Issuer.

--- Page 181 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
181 
"Relevant Authority" means (i) the central bank or any monetary 
authority or financial authority of Japan, or (ii) any meeting 
structure (including any working group, committee and study 
session) formally approved, hosted or of which management and 
administration is governed by the central bank or any monetary 
authority or financial authority of Japan, or established upon 
request by any thereof. 
7. 
Provisions specific to CORRA as Reference Rate 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined and CORRA is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the Reference Rate, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be equal to the relevant 
CORRA Benchmark, plus or minus (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) in accordance with 
Condition 5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of 
Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
and Rounding), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The “CORRA Benchmark” will be determined based on 
either CORRA Compound (daily) or CORRA Index 
Determination, as follows (subject to paragraph (y) below): 
(1) 
if 
CORRA 
Compound 
(“CORRA 
Compound 
(daily)”) is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the CORRA Benchmark for each 
Interest Period shall be equal to the value of the 
CORRA rates for each day during the relevant 
Observation Period and shall be calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(∏(1 + CORRA𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 365
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number 
of BoC Banking Days in the relevant Observation 
Period;

--- Page 182 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
182 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant BoC Banking Day in 
chronological order from (and including) the first BoC 
Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
“ni” for any BoC Banking Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, means the number of calendar 
days from (and including) such day “i” up to (but 
excluding) the following BoC Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each 
Interest Period, the period from (and including) the 
date falling a number of BoC Banking Days equal to 
the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of 
such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling 
a number of BoC Banking Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of BoC 
Banking Days specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified, two BoC 
Banking Days); and  
“CORRAi” for any BoC Banking Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to CORRA in respect of 
that day “i”. 
(2) if CORRA Index Determination (“CORRA Index 
Determination”), is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the following provisions shall 
apply and the CORRA Benchmark for each Interest 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on the Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula: 
( 𝐶𝑂𝑅𝑅𝐴 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑂𝑅𝑅𝐴 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) × 365
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) the day in relation to which CORRA Index 
Start is determined to (but excluding) the day in 
relation to which CORRA Index End is determined;

--- Page 183 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
183 
“CORRA Index End” means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the CORRA Index determined in 
relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of 
BoC Banking Day(s) specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms prior to (A) the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period, or (B) such other date on which 
the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which 
by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Period), or 
(C) if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes prior to 
the Maturity Date, the date set for redemption; 
“CORRA Index Start” means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the CORRA Index determined in 
relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of 
BoC Banking Day(s) specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period;  
“CORRA Index” means the measure of the 
cumulative impact of CORRA compounding over 
time administered and published by the CORRA Rate 
Administrator; and 
“Relevant Number” means the number specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, two BoC Banking Days).If (i) the 
relevant CORRA Index is not published or displayed 
by the CORRA Rate Administrator by 11:30 a.m. 
(Toronto time) (or such revised regular publication 
calendar for CORRA Index as may be adopted by the 
CORRA Rate Administrator from time to time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date and a CAR 
Index Cessation Effective Date has not occurred with 
respect to CORRA Index, or (ii) a CAR Index 
Cessation Effective Date has occurred with respect 
to CORRA Index, then the CORRA Benchmark for 
the applicable Interest Period for which the CORRA 
Index is not available shall be determined as set out 
under Condition 5.(b)(iii)(C)7(x)(1) above as if 
CORRA Compound (daily) were specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and for these 
purposes: the Observation Shift Days in respect of 
the applicable Interest Period for which the CORRA 
Index is not available shall be deemed to be equal to 
the Relevant Number of BoC Banking Days, as if 
such alternative elections had been made in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 184 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
184 
(y) 
If neither the CORRA Rate Administrator nor any 
authorised distributors provide or publish CORRA and no 
CAR Index Cessation Effective Date with respect to 
CORRA has occurred, then, in respect of any day for which 
CORRA is required, references to CORRA will be deemed 
to be references to the last provided or published CORRA.  
If a CAR Index Cessation Effective Date occurs with 
respect to CORRA, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Determination Date which occurs on or after such CAR 
Index Cessation Effective Date will be the CAD 
Recommended Rate, to which the most recently published 
spread will be applied and the CAR Determination Agent 
shall make such adjustments as are necessary to account 
for any difference in the term, structure or tenor of the CAD 
Recommended Rate in comparison to CORRA.  
If there is a CAD Recommended Rate before the end of the 
first BoC Banking Day following the CAR Index Cessation 
Effective Date with respect to CORRA, but neither the 
CORRA Rate Administrator nor authorised distributors 
provide or publish the CAD Recommended Rate and a 
CAR Index Cessation Effective Date with respect to the 
CAD Recommended Rate has not occurred, then, in 
respect of any day for which the CAD Recommended Rate 
is required, references to the CAD Recommended Rate will 
be deemed to be references to the last provided or 
published CAD Recommended Rate.  
If (i) there is no CAD Recommended Rate before the end 
of the first BoC Banking Day following the CAR Index 
Cessation Effective Date with respect to CORRA, or (ii) 
there is a CAD Recommended Rate and a CAR Index 
Cessation Effective Date subsequently occurs with respect 
to the CAD Recommended Rate, the Rate of Interest for an 
Interest Determination Date which occurs on or after such 
applicable CAR Index Cessation Effective Date will be the 
BOC Target Rate, to which the most recently published 
spread will be applied and the CAR Determination Agent 
shall make such adjustments as are necessary to account 
for any difference in the term, structure or tenor of the BOC 
Target Rate in comparison to CORRA.  
In respect of any day for which the BOC Target Rate is 
required, references to the BOC Target Rate will be 
deemed to be references to the last provided or published 
BOC Target Rate as of the close of business in Toronto on 
that day.

--- Page 185 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
185 
In connection with the implementation of a CORRA 
Applicable Rate, the CAR Determination Agent may make 
such adjustments to the CORRA Applicable Rate or the 
Margin, if any, as well as the Business Day Convention, the 
Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Dates, and 
related provisions and definitions (including observation 
dates for reference rates), in each case as are consistent 
with accepted market practice for the use of the CORRA 
Applicable Rate for debt obligations such as the Notes in 
such circumstances.  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made 
by the Issuer (or its designee) and/or the CAR 
Determination Agent, as applicable, in relation to the 
CORRA Applicable Rate, including any determination with 
respect to an adjustment or the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any 
decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any 
selection: (i) will be conclusive and binding, absent any 
manifest error; (ii) if made by the Issuer, will be in the sole 
discretion of the Issuer, or, if made by the CAR 
Determination Agent will be made after consultation with 
the Issuer, as applicable; and (iii) notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary in the terms and conditions of the affected 
Notes shall become effective without consent from the 
Noteholders or any other party. In addition, the Issuer may 
designate an entity (which may be its affiliate) to make any 
determination or decision that the Issuer has the right to 
make in connection with this Condition 5.(b)(iii)(C)7. 
(z) 
In connection with the CORRA provisions above, the 
following definitions apply: 
“BoC Banking Day” means any day on which banks listed 
in Schedule I to the Bank Act (Canada) are open for 
business in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday or a public holiday in Toronto (or 
such revised regular publication calendar for any CORRA 
Applicable Rate as may be adopted by the CORRA Rate 
Administrator from time to time); 
“BOC Target Rate” means the Bank of Canada’s target for 
the overnight rate as set by the Bank of Canada and 
published on the Bank of Canada’s website;  
“CAD Recommended Rate” means the rate (inclusive of 
any spreads or adjustments) recommended as the 
replacement for CORRA by a committee officially endorsed 
or convened by the Bank of Canada for the purpose of

--- Page 186 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
186 
recommending a replacement for CORRA (which rate may 
be produced by the Bank of Canada or another 
administrator) and as provided by the administrator of that 
rate or, if that rate is not provided by the administrator 
thereof (or a successor administrator), published by an 
authorised distributor;  
"CAR Determination Agent” means the agent that shall 
be appointed by the Issuer as soon as reasonably 
practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant 
Interest Determination Date) upon the occurrence of a CAR 
Index Cessation Effective Date with respect to CORRA, the 
CAD Recommended Rate and/or any other CORRA 
Applicable Rate (as the case may be). The CAR 
Determination Agent may be (i) a leading bank or a broker-
dealer in the principal financial center of the Specified 
Currency as appointed by the Issuer or (ii) an affiliate of the 
Issuer; 
“CAR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of 
one or more of the following events: 
a.  
a public statement or publication of information by or 
on behalf of the CORRA Rate Administrator 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide 
the CORRA Applicable Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or publication, there is no successor or provider that 
will continue to provide such CORRA Applicable 
Rate; or 
b.  
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory 
supervisor 
for 
the 
CORRA 
Rate 
Administrator or provider of the CORRA Applicable 
Rate, the Bank of Canada, an insolvency official, a 
resolution authority or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority or jurisdiction over 
the CORRA Rate Administrator or provider of the 
CORRA Applicable Rate, which states that the 
CORRA Rate Administrator or provider of the 
CORRA Applicable Rate has ceased or will cease to 
provide the CORRA Applicable Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or publication, there is no successor or provider of the 
CORRA Applicable Rate that will continue to provide 
such CORRA Applicable Rate; 
“CAR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect 
of a CAR Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the

--- Page 187 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
187 
CORRA Applicable Rate is no longer provided. If the 
CORRA Applicable Rate ceases to be provided on the 
same day that it is required to determine such rate for an 
Interest Determination Date, but it was provided at the time 
at which it is to be observed (or, if no such time is specified, 
at the time at which it is ordinarily published), then the CAR 
Index Cessation Effective Date will be the next day on 
which the rate would ordinarily have been published; 
“CORRA” means the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate 
Average, as administered and published by the CORRA 
Rate Administrator;  
“CORRA Applicable Rate” means one of CORRA Index, 
CORRA, the CAD Recommended Rate or the BOC Target 
Rate, as applicable; and  
“CORRA Rate Administrator” means, with respect to 
CORRA, the Bank of Canada or any successor 
administrator and/or, with respect to any other relevant 
CORRA Applicable Rate, the administrator (or successor 
administrator) of such CORRA Applicable Rate, as 
applicable. 
(D) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate 
Option (where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which 
shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period provided however that if there is no rate 
available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, 
next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at 
such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
(c) 
Interest on Fixed / Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed / Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically 
change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed 
Rate, on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 188 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
188 
(d) 
Interest on Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note, the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon, is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and 
payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such 
Note specified in the relevant Final Terms. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of 
Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in 
Condition 7(l)(i) (Zero Coupon Notes)). 
(e) 
Interest on RMB Notes  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each RMB Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears 
interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per 
annum equal to the Rate of Interest. For the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong 
time) on each Interest Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable 
per Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. The determination of 
the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination by the Calculation 
Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error and after confirmation by the Issuer) 
be final and binding upon all parties. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to 
be notified to each of the Paying Agents and to be notified to Noteholders as soon 
as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth Business 
Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination and 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes 
become due and payable as a result of the Issuer being liquidated (see Condition 
11 (Events of Default)), the accrued interest per Specified Denomination shall 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with this provision but no publication of the amount of interest payable 
per Specified Denomination so calculated need be made.  
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest 
to the Specified Denomination, multiplying such product by the actual number of 
days in the relevant Interest Period or, as applicable, other period concerned and 
dividing it by 365, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Renminbi sub-
unit, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention.

--- Page 189 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
189 
(f) 
Interest on CMS Linked Notes 
This Condition 5(f) is applicable only if the relevant Final Terms specify that Notes 
are CMS linked Notes (the “CMS Linked Notes”). 
(i) 
The Rate of Interest in respect of CMS Linked Notes for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined by applying one of the following formulae, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and the provisions below relating to 
“Screen Rate Determination” or “ISDA Determination” shall apply, depending 
upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor x [CMS Rate1 – CMS Rate2]; or 
(B) Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor x [CMS Rate + Margin] 
where: 
“CMS Rate”, “CMS Rate1” and “CMS Rate2” means the relevant Reference 
Rate(s) or Floating Rate Option(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Gearing Factor” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
 (ii) 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the CMS Rate, the CMS Rate1 and the CMS Rate2 are 
chosen among the following Reference Rates: 
(A) “EUR CMS 2y” means EUR 2 YR CMS which is the mid 2 year Euro 
Swap Rate quoted on an annual 30/360 basis versus 6 month EURIBOR 
(Semi-annually, Act/360), as published on Reuters Page ISDAFIX2, 
Euribor basis, fixed at 11:00AM C.E.T on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date (the “Screen Page Reference Rate”). 
PROVIDED THAT if EUR CMS 2y does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page at such Relevant Time on such Interest Determination 
Date, EUR CMS 2y for such Interest Determination Date will be the 
"Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 2-year Designated Maturity" at such 
Relevant Time on such Interest Determination Date. 
“Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 2-year Designated Maturity” 
means, in respect of an Interest Determination Date, the percentage rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the quotations for 
the 2-year mid-market semi-annual swap rate provided by the Reference 
Banks to the Calculation Agent at approximately the Relevant Time on 
such Interest Determination Date. If at least three quotations are 
provided to the Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be the 
arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, 
in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, 
in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If fewer than three quotations 
are provided to the Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be

--- Page 190 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
190 
determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
“2-year mid-market semi-annual swap rate” means, in respect of an 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg 
(calculated on a 30E/360 day count basis) of a fixed-for-floating EUR 
interest rate swap transaction which transaction: (A) has a designated 
maturity of 2 years commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period; (B) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer 
of good credit in the swap market; and (C) the floating leg of which is 
based on the EUR-EURIBOR (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, 
where references to “Reset Date” refers to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period and where references to “Designated Maturity” refers to 
6 months) rate (calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis). 
(B) “EUR CMS 5y” means EUR 5 YR CMS which is the mid 5-year Euro 
Swap Rate quoted on an annual 30/360 basis versus 6 month EURIBOR 
(Semi-annually, Act/360), as published on Reuters Page ISDAFIX2, 
Euribor basis, fixed at 11:00AM C.E.T on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. 
PROVIDED THAT if EUR CMS 5y does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page at such Relevant Time on such Interest Determination 
Date, EUR CMS 5y for such Interest Determination Date will be the 
"Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 5-year Designated Maturity" at such 
Relevant Time on such Interest Determination Date. 
“Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 5-year Designated Maturity” 
means, in respect of an Interest Determination Date, the percentage rate 
determined on the basis of the quotations for the 5-year mid-market 
semi-annual swap rate provided by the Reference Banks to the 
Calculation Agent at approximately the Relevant Time on such Interest 
Determination Date. If at least three quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be the arithmetic mean of the 
quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the lowest). If fewer than three quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
“5-year mid-market semi-annual swap rate” means, in respect of an 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg 
(calculated on a 30E/360 day count basis) of a fixed-for-floating EUR 
interest rate swap transaction which transaction: (A) has a designated 
maturity of 5 years commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest

--- Page 191 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
191 
Period; (B) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer 
of good credit in the swap market; and (C) the floating leg of which is 
based on the EUR-EURIBOR (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, 
where references to “Reset Date” refers to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period and where references to “Designated Maturity” refers to 
6 months) rate (calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis). 
(C) “EUR CMS 10y” means EUR 10 YR CMS which is the mid 10-year Euro 
Swap Rate quoted on an annual 30/360 basis versus 6 month EURIBOR 
(Semi-annually, Act/360), as published on Reuters Page ISDAFIX2, 
Euribor basis, fixed at 11:00AM C.E.T on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. 
PROVIDED THAT if EUR CMS 10y does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page at such Relevant Time on such Interest Determination 
Date, EUR CMS 10y for such Interest Determination Date will be the 
"Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 10-year Designated Maturity" at such 
Relevant Time on such Interest Determination Date. 
“Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 10-year Designated Maturity” 
means, in respect of an Interest Determination Date, the percentage rate 
determined on the basis of the quotations for the 10-year mid-market 
semi-annual swap rate provided by the Reference Banks to the 
Calculation Agent at approximately the Relevant Time on such Interest 
Determination Date. If at least three quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be the arithmetic mean of the 
quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the lowest). If fewer than three quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
“10-year mid-market semi-annual swap rate” means, in respect of an 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg 
(calculated on a 30E/360 day count basis) of a fixed-for-floating EUR 
interest rate swap transaction which transaction: (A) has a designated 
maturity of 10 years commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period; (B) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer 
of good credit in the swap market; and (C) the floating leg of which is 
based on the EUR-EURIBOR (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, 
where references to “Reset Date” refers to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period and where references to “Designated Maturity” refers to 
6 months) rate (calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis).

--- Page 192 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
192 
(D) “EUR CMS 20y” means EUR 20 YR CMS which is the mid 20-year Euro 
Swap Rate quoted on an annual 30/360 basis versus 6 month EURIBOR 
(Semi-annually, Act/360), as published on Reuters Page ISDAFIX2, 
Euribor basis, fixed at 11:00AM C.E.T on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. 
PROVIDED THAT if EUR CMS 20y does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page at such Relevant Time on such Interest Determination 
Date, EUR CMS 20y for such Interest Determination Date will be the 
"Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 20-year Designated Maturity" at such 
Relevant Time on such Interest Determination Date. 
“Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 20-year Designated Maturity” 
means, in respect of an Interest Determination Date, the percentage rate 
determined on the basis of the quotations for the 20-year mid-market 
semi-annual swap rate provided by the Reference Banks to the 
Calculation Agent at approximately the Relevant Time on such Interest 
Determination Date. If at least three quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be the arithmetic mean of the 
quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the lowest). If fewer than three quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
“20-year mid-market semi-annual swap rate” means, in respect of an 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg 
(calculated on a 30E/360 day count basis) of a fixed-for-floating EUR 
interest rate swap transaction which transaction: (A) has a designated 
maturity of 20 years commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period; (B) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer 
of good credit in the swap market; and (C) the floating leg of which is 
based on the EUR-EURIBOR (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, 
where references to “Reset Date” refers to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period and where references to “Designated Maturity” refers to 
6 months) rate (calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis). 
(E) “EUR CMS 30y” means EUR 30 YR CMS which is the mid 30-year Euro 
Swap Rate quoted on an annual 30/360 basis versus 6-month EURIBOR 
(Semi-annually, Act/360), as published on Reuters Page ISDAFIX2, 
Euribor basis, fixed at 11:00AM C.E.T on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. 
PROVIDED THAT if EUR CMS 30y does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page at such Relevant Time on such Interest Determination 
Date, EUR CMS 30y for such Interest Determination Date will be the

--- Page 193 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
193 
"Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 30-year Designated Maturity" at such 
Relevant Time on such Interest Determination Date. 
“Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 30-year Designated Maturity” 
means, in respect of an Interest Determination Date, the percentage rate 
determined on the basis of the quotations for the 30-year mid-market 
semi-annual swap rate provided by the Reference Banks to the 
Calculation Agent at approximately the Relevant Time on such Interest 
Determination Date. If at least three quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be the arithmetic mean of the 
quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the lowest). If fewer than three quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
“30-year mid-market semi-annual swap rate” means, in respect of an 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg 
(calculated on a 30E/360 day count basis) of a fixed-for-floating EUR 
interest rate swap transaction which transaction: (A) has a designated 
maturity of 30 years commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period; (B) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer 
of good credit in the swap market; and (C) the floating leg of which is 
based on the EUR-EURIBOR (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, 
where references to “Reset Date” refers to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period and where references to “Designated Maturity” refers to 
6 months) rate (calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii): 
“Reference Banks” means five leading swap dealers in the interbank 
market as selected by the Calculation Agent; and 
“Relevant Time” means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time). 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest which is 
applicable with respect to one or more Interest Periods may be 
conditional upon a specified CMS Rate being equal to or greater than a 
pre-determined rate on the relevant Interest Determination Date. Any 
such rate shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms as “Conditional 
Rate of Interest”. 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if at any time prior to, on, or 
following any Interest Payment Date, (1) a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to any of the Reference Rates referred to in sub-paragraph (ii) above; 
or (2) the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines that the Screen Page 
Reference Rate has been discontinued, the Issuer will as soon as reasonably

--- Page 194 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
194 
practicable (and in any event prior to the Relevant Time of the next Interest 
Payment Date) appoint an agent (the “CMS Rate Determination Agent”), 
which will determine, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable 
manner, and as an independent expert in the performance of its duties, 
whether a substitute or successor rate for purposes of determining the 
Reference Rate on each Interest Payment Date falling on such date or 
thereafter that is substantially comparable to the Screen Page Reference 
Rate is available. If the CMS Rate Determination Agent determines that there 
is an industry accepted successor rate, the CMS Rate Determination Agent 
will use such successor rate to determine the Reference Rate. For these 
purposes, a rate that is formally recommended as a successor EUR 
benchmark rate by a relevant central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority, 
a group of the aforesaid central banks, monetary authority or supervisory 
authority, or any similar institution (including any committee or working group 
thereof) or any supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of EURIBOR will be considered an industry accepted 
successor rate. It is further specified that if there are two or more industry 
successor rates recommended by the above-mentioned authority, institution 
or working groups, the CMS Rate Determination Agent shall determine which 
of those successor rates is most appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, the 
particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. If the 
CMS Rate Determination Agent has determined a substitute or successor 
rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, the “Replacement CMS 
Rate”), for the purposes of determining the Reference Rate on each Interest 
Determination Date falling on or after such determination but not earlier than 
the actual discontinuation of the Screen Page Reference Rate (a) the CMS 
Rate Determination Agent will also determine changes (if any) to the 
business day convention, the definition of business day, the interest 
determination date, the day count fraction, and any method for obtaining the 
Replacement CMS Rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make 
such Replacement CMS Rate comparable to the Screen Page Reference 
Rate, in each case in a manner that is consistent with industry-accepted 
practices for such Replacement CMS Rates (including any Adjustment 
Spread); (b) references to the Reference Rate in the Conditions and the Final 
Terms applicable to the relevant Notes will be deemed to be references to 
the relevant Replacement CMS Rate, including any alternative method for 
determining such rate as described in (a) above; (c) the CMS Rate 
Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of the foregoing as soon as 
reasonably practicable; and (d) the Issuer will give a notice as soon as 
reasonably practicable to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices)) and the relevant Paying Agent specifying the Replacement CMS 
Rate, as well as the details described in (a) above.  
The determination of the Replacement CMS Rate and the other matters 
referred to above by the CMS Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence 
of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, 
the Fiscal Agent, the relevant Paying Agent and the Noteholders, unless the 
CMS Rate Determination Agent, acting in good faith, in a commercially

--- Page 195 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
195 
reasonable manner, and as an independent expert in the performance of its 
duties, considers at a later date that the Replacement CMS Rate is no longer 
substantially comparable to the Reference Rate or does not constitute an 
industry accepted successor rate, in which case the Issuer shall re-appoint a 
CMS Rate Determination Agent (which may or may not be the same entity 
as the original CMS Rate Determination Agent) for the purpose of confirming 
the Replacement CMS Rate or determining a substitute Replacement CMS 
Rate in an identical manner as described in this paragraph (iii). If the CMS 
Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a 
substitute Replacement CMS Rate, then the Replacement CMS Rate will 
remain unchanged.  
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have 
accepted the Replacement CMS Rate or such other changes pursuant to this 
paragraph (iii). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (iii), (a) if the Issuer is 
unable to appoint a CMS Rate Determination Agent or (b) if the CMS Rate 
Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine for any 
Interest Determination Date a Replacement CMS Rate or (c) if the Issuer 
determines that (x) the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Replacement CMS Rate or any other amendment to the terms of the Notes 
necessary to implement such replacement would result in a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event or (in the case of Subordinated Notes or Deeply 
Subordinated Notes only) a Capital Event or (y) could reasonably result in 
the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment Date 
as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, 
no Replacement CMS Rate or any other successor, replacement or 
alternative benchmark or screen rate will be adopted and the Reference Rate 
for the relevant Interest Period will be equal to the last Reference Rate 
available on the relevant Screen Page Reference Rate as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
The CMS Rate Determination Agent may be (a) a leading bank or a broker-
dealer in the principal financial center of the Specified Currency as appointed 
by the Issuer or (b) an affiliate of the Issuer.  
(iv) 
Where “ISDA Determination” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which each of the CMS Rate or the CMS Rate1 and the CMS Rate2, 
as applicable, is/are to be determined, each of the CMS Rate or the CMS 
Rate1 and the CMS Rate2 for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA 
Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (iv), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest 
Accrual Period means a rate equal to each of the CMS Rate or the CMS 
Rate1 and the CMS Rate2, as applicable, that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the relevant ISDA Definitions and under which:

--- Page 196 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
196 
(a)  If the Final Terms specify either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(u) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(v) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
(w) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified as such in the 
relevant ISDA Definitions unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
(x)  
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating 
Rate Option, “Compounding” is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
“Compounding with Lookback” is specified as the 
“Compounding Method” in the relevant Final Terms, 
“Lookback” is the number of Applicable Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
“Compounding with Observation Period Shift” is specified 
as the “Compounding Method” in the relevant Final Terms, 
(a) “Observation Period Shift” is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and (b) “Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days”, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
“Compounding 
with Lockout” 
is 
specified 
as the 
“Compounding Method” in the relevant Final Terms, (a) 
“Lockout” is the number of Lockout Period Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) “Lockout 
Period Business Days”, if applicable, are the days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(y) if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option, “Averaging” is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(1) 
“Averaging with Lookback” is specified as the “Averaging 
Method” in the relevant Final Terms, “Lookback” is the 
number of Applicable Business Days as specified in 
relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
“Averaging with Observation Period Shift” is specified as 
the “Averaging Method” in the relevant Final Terms, (a) 
“Observation Period Shift” is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final

--- Page 197 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
197 
Terms, and (b) “Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days”, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
“Averaging with Lockout” is specified as the “Averaging 
Method” in the relevant Final Terms, (a) “Lockout” is the 
number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and (b) “Lockout Period Business 
Days”, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(z)  if the specified Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index 
Floating Rate Option and “Index Provisions” are specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index 
Method with Observation Period Shift shall be applicable and: 
(1)  “Observation Period Shift” is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and  
(2)  “Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days”, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(b)  in connection with any Compounding, Averaging or Index Method 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, references in the ISDA 
Definitions to: 
(v) “Floating Rate Day Count Fraction” shall be deemed to be a 
reference to the relevant Day Count Fraction; 
(w) “Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(x) “Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest 
Period; 
(y) “Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date; and 
(z)  “Effective 
Date” 
shall 
be 
references 
to 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date. 
(c)  if the Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the applicable 
ISDA Definitions, 
(y) “Administrator/ Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and 
(z) if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any 
specified Floating Rate Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-
Publication – Alternative Rate” in the Floating Rate Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions), the reference to “Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition of

--- Page 198 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
198 
“Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” shall be replaced 
by “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate”. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Applicable Business Days”, 
“Averaging with Lockout” , “Averaging with Lookback”, “Averaging with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift”, 
“Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift”, 
“Compounding 
with 
Lockout”, 
“Compounding with Lookback”, “Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift”, “Index Floating Rate Option”, “Lockout Period Business 
Days“, 
“Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business 
Days”, 
“Observation Period Shift Business Days”, “Overnight Floating Rate 
Option”, “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, 
“Designated Maturity”, and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those 
terms in the relevant ISDA Definitions.  
The relevant provisions of Condition 5 (other than 5(b)(iii) (Rate of Interest 
for Floating Rate Notes)) shall apply as though references to Floating Rate 
Notes were references to CMS Linked Notes and references to Floating Rate 
were references to each of the CMS Rate or the CMS Rate1 and the CMS 
Rate2, as applicable.  
(g) 
Inflation Linked Notes 
This Condition 5(g) is applicable only if the relevant Final Terms specify that Notes 
are inflation linked Notes (the “Inflation Linked Notes”). 
1. 
Non-revised Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
A. Where HICP is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this 
Condition 5(g)(1.) will apply. For purposes of this Condition 5(g)(1.), 
unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meaning set out below: 
“Index” or “Index Level” means (subject as provided in Condition 
5(g)(1.)B. the non-revised Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices 
excluding tobacco or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco, expressed 
as an index and published monthly by Eurostat (the “HICP”). The first 
publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference 
Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for 
such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by applying one of the following 
formulae, as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) Rate of Interest = Max [Gearing Factor x (HICPm-x, / HICPm-y - 1) + 
Margin ; 0.00%]; or

--- Page 199 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
199 
(B) Rate of Interest = Min [Max [Gearing Factor x (HICPm-x, / HICPm-y - 
1) + Margin ; 0.00%] ; Cap] 
where: 
“Gearing Factor” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
”HICPm-x” means the level of the HICP for the x number of calendar 
months preceding the month of the Interest Determination Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“HICPm-y” means the level of the HICP for the y number of calendar 
months preceding the month of the Interest Determination Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Cap” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Index Business Day” means a day on which T2 is operating; 
“Index Determination Date” means in respect of any date for which the 
Index level is required to be determined, the fifth Index Business Day 
prior to such date; 
“Related Instrument” means an inflation-linked bond selected by the 
Calculation Agent that is a debt obligation of one of the governments 
(but not any government agency) of France or Germany and which pays 
a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the 
level of inflation in the European Monetary Union with a maturity date 
which falls on (a) the same day as the Maturity Date, (b) the next longest 
maturity date after the Maturity Date if there is no such bond maturing 
on the Maturity Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity before the Maturity 
Date if no bond defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. 
The Calculation Agent will select the Related Instrument from such of 
those inflation-linked bonds issued on or before the relevant Issue Date 
and, if there is more than one such inflation-linked bond maturing on the 
same date, the Related Instrument shall be selected by the Calculation 
Agent from among those bonds. If the Relevant Instrument is redeemed, 
the Calculation Agent will select a new Related Instrument on the same 
basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the 
originally selected Related Instrument is redeemed (including any bond 
for which the redeemed originally selected Related Instrument is 
exchanged); 
“x” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“y” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
B. Changes in Circumstances Affecting the Index 
(i) Delay in publication of Index

--- Page 200 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
200 
If the Index Level relating to any month (the “Reference Month”) 
which is required to be taken into account for the purposes of the 
determination of the Index Level for any date (the “Relevant Level”) 
has not been published or announced by the day that is five 
Business Days before the date on which a payment is due (the 
“Affected Payment Date”), the Calculation Agent shall determine a 
Substitute Index level (in place of such Relevant Level) by using the 
following methodology: 
(1)  if applicable, the Calculation Agent will take the same action to 
determine the Substitute Index Level for the Affected Payment 
Date as that taken by the Calculation Agent (or any other party 
performing the function for a calculation agent (whatever such 
party’s title)) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the 
Related Instrument; 
(2)  if (1) above does not result in a Substitute Index Level for the 
Affected Payment Date for any reason, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Substitute Index level as follows: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level / Reference 
Level) 
where: 
“Base Level” means the level of the Index (excluding any flash 
estimates) published or announced by Eurostat (or any successor 
entity which published such index) in respect of the month which is 
12 calendar months prior to the month for which the Substitute Index 
Level is being determined; 
“Latest Level” means the latest level of the Index (excluding any 
flash estimates) published or announced by Eurostat (or any 
successor entity which published such index) prior to the month in 
respect of which the Substitute Index Level is Being Calculated; and 
“Reference Level” means the level of the Index (excluding any flash 
estimates) published or announced by Eurostat (or any successor 
entity which published such index) in respect of the month that is 12 
calendar months prior to the month referred to in “Latest Level” 
above. 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the 
day that is five Business Days prior to the next Interest Payment 
Date, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. The 
Substitute Index Level so determined pursuant to this Condition 5(g) 
1.B.(i) will be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
(ii) Cessation of publication

--- Page 201 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
201 
If the Index Level has not been published or announced for two 
consecutive months or Eurostat announces that it will no longer 
continue to publish or announce the Index then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine a successor index in lieu of any previously 
applicable Index (the “Successor Index”) by using the following 
methodology: 
(a) if at any time (other than after an Early Termination Event has 
been designated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
paragraph (e) below) a successor index has been designated 
by the Calculation Agent (or any other party performing the 
function of a calculation agent (whatever such party’s title)) 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Instrument, 
such successor index shall be designated the “Successor 
Index” for the purposes of all subsequent Interest Payment 
Dates, notwithstanding that any other Successor Index may 
previously have been determined under paragraphs (b), (c) or 
(d) below; or 
(b) if a Successor Index has not been determined under paragraph 
(a) above (and there has been no designation of an Early 
Termination Event pursuant to paragraph (e) below), and a 
notice has been given or an announcement has been made by 
Eurostat (or any successor entity which publishes such index) 
specifying that the Index will be superseded by a replacement 
index specified by Eurostat (or any such successor), and the 
Calculation Agent determines that such replacement index is 
calculated using the same or substantially similar formula or 
method of calculation as used in the calculation of the 
previously applicable Index, such replacement index shall be 
the Index from the date that such replacement index comes 
into effect; or 
(c) if a Successor Index has not determined under paragraphs (a) 
or (b) above (and there has been no designation of an Early 
Termination Event pursuant to paragraph (e) below), the 
Calculation Agent shall ask five leading independent dealers to 
state what the replacement index for the Index should be. If 
between four and five responses are received, and of those 
four or five responses, three or more leading independent 
dealers state the same index, this index will be deemed the 
“Successor Index”. If three responses are received, and two or 
more leading independent dealers state the same index, this 
index will be deemed the “Successor Index”. If fewer than three 
responses are received, the Calculation Agent will proceed to 
paragraph (d) below; 
(d) if no Successor Index has been determined under paragraph 
(a), (b) or (c) above on or before the fifth Index Business Day

--- Page 202 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
202 
prior to the next Affected Payment Date the Calculation Agent 
will determine the appropriate alternative index for such 
Affected Payment Date, and such index will be deemed the 
“Successor Index”; 
(e) if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate 
alternative index, the Issuer shall, in conjunction with the 
Calculation Agent, determine an appropriate alternative index. 
If the Issuer and the Calculation Agent does not reach 
agreement on an appropriate alternative index within a period 
of ten Business Days, then an Early Termination Event (an 
“Early Termination Event”) will be deemed to have occurred 
and the Issuer will redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 7(n) 
(Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes for Index Reasons). 
(iii) Rebasing of the Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Index has been or will 
be rebased at any time, the Index as so rebased (the "Rebased 
Index") will be used for the purposes of determining each relevant 
Index Level from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, that 
the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustments as are made by 
the calculation agent (or any other party performing the function of 
a calculation agent (whatever such party's title)) pursuant to the 
terms and conditions of the Related Instrument to the levels of the 
Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same 
rate of inflation as the Index before it was rebased. Any such 
rebasing shall not affect any prior payments made. 
(iv) Material Modification Prior to Interest Payment Date 
If, on or prior to the day that is five Business Days before an Interest 
Payment Date, Eurostat announces that it will make a material 
change to the Index then the Calculation Agent shall make any such 
adjustments to the Index consistent with adjustments made to the 
Related Instrument. 
2. 
Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
A. Where the non-revised consumer price index excluding tobacco for all 
households in metropolitan France, as calculated and published by the 
Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (INSEE) 
("CPI") is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this 
Condition 5(g)2. shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the 
meanings set out below only when this Condition 5(g)2. shall apply. 
“Index” or “Index Level” means (subject as provided in Condition 
5(g)2.B.) the non-revised consumer price index excluding tobacco for all 
households in metropolitan France, as calculated and published by the 
INSEE, or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in

--- Page 203 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
203 
metropolitan France excluding tobacco, expressed as an index and 
published monthly by INSEE. The first publication or announcement of 
a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive 
and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used 
in any calculations. 
For information purposes, such Index Level appears on the Agence 
France Тrésоr Reuters page OATINFLATIONO1 or on Bloomberg 
TRESOR <GO> pages and on the website http://www.aft.gouv.fг. In the 
case of doubt in the interpretation of the methods used to calculate the 
Index Level, such methods shall be interpreted by reference to the 
procedures selected by the French Treasury (Тrésor) for its obligations 
assimilables du Тrésоr indexées sur l'inflation. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by applying one of the following 
formulae, as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
Rate of Interest = Max [Gearing Factor x (CPIm-x, / CPIm-y - 1) + 
Margin ; 0.00%]; or 
(B) 
Rate of Interest = Min [Max [Gearing Factor x (CPIm-x, / CPIm-y - 1) 
+ Margin ; 0.00%] ; Cap] 
where: 
‘‘Gearing Factor’’ has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“CPIm-x” means the level of the CPI for the x number of calendar months 
preceding the month of the Interest Determination Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“CPIm-y” means the level of the CPI for the y number of calendar months 
preceding the month of the Interest Determination Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Cap” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Index Business Day” means a day on which T2 is operating; 
“Index Determination Date” means in respect of any date for which the 
Index level is required to be determined, the fifth Index Business Day 
prior to such date; 
“x” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“y” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
B. Events affecting the CPI

--- Page 204 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
204 
The 
calculation 
method 
described 
below 
is 
based 
on 
the 
recommendation issued by the French Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire — www.cnofrance.org) in its July 2011 Paper 
entitled "Inflation Indexed Notes" (Obligations et autres instruments de 
taux d'intérêt en euro, Normes et usages des marchés de capitaux — 
Chapitrе II: Les obligations iпdеxéеs sur l'inflation). In the case of any 
conflict between the calculation method provided below and the 
calculation method provided by the French Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire), the calculation method provided by the 
French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire) shall 
prevail. 
If the Index is not published in a timely manner, a substitute Index (the 
"Substitute CPI Index") shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following provisions: 
If a provisional Index (indice provisoire) has already been published, 
such index shall automatically be used as the Substitute CPI Index. Such 
provisional CPI Index shall be published under the heading "indice de 
substitution". Once the definitive CPI Index is released, it shall 
automatically apply from the day following its release to all calculations 
taking place from this date. 
If no provisional CPI Index is available, a substitute index shall be 
calculated on the basis of the most recently published figure adjusted as 
set out in the following formula: 
Substitute CPI Indеxm = Index Levelm-1 x (Index Levelm-1 / Index Levelm-
13)1/12 
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes 
for the purpose of calculating the CPI Index, the two CPI Indexes which 
have been calculated on a different basis will be chained on the basis of 
the December CPI Index Level of the last year of joint publications, which 
corresponds to the CPI Index Level for March of the following year. Such 
chaining will be carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
Key = (CPI Index Level pertaining to December calculated on the new 
basis) / (CPI Index Level pertaining to December calculated on the 
previous basis) 
Such that: 
CPI Index on new basis = CPI Index on previous basis x Key 
(h) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, 
on such date (in the case of Dematerialised Notes) or upon due presentation (in 
the case of Materialised Notes), payment is improperly withheld or refused, in

--- Page 205 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
205 
which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at 
the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date. 
(i) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and 
Redemption Amounts and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or 
(y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall 
be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest 
for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with (b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the 
absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the 
next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate 
of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount shall be subject to 
such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. Whether or not a Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in no 
event shall the rate of interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, as 
adjusted for any applicable margin) be less than zero. 
(iii) 
Any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest may, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, be determined by reference to (w) one or more Reference Rates, 
(x) a multiple of one or more Reference Rates, (y) the mathematical 
difference between, or the sum of a Reference Rate and a Margin and/or (z) 
any combination of (w), (x) and (y). 
(iv) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, 
(x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven 
significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency 
amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of 
such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which 
shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means 
the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency. 
(j) 
Calculations 
The Interest Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual Period shall be 
equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the outstanding principal amount of 
such Note and the Day Count Fraction for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
unless a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is applicable to such Interest 
Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per outstanding 
principal amount of such Note in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall equal 
such Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as applicable. Where any Interest 
Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest 
payable per outstanding principal amount of such Note in respect of such Interest

--- Page 206 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
206 
Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those 
Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required 
to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction 
shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(k) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption 
Amounts, Current Principal Amounts and Instalment Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation 
Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or 
make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the 
Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, 
Current Principal Amounts or Instalment Amounts, obtain such quotation or make 
such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of 
Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Current 
Principal Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent 
appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt 
of such information and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a stock exchange 
and the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as possible 
after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the 
relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification 
to such exchange of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, 
the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment 
Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b) 
(Interest on Floating Rate Notes), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment 
Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and 
payable as a result of the Issuer being liquidated (see Condition 11 (Events of 
Default)), the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the 
Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance 
with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount 
so calculated need be made. 
The Calculation Agent(s) shall act in good faith as an independent expert in the 
performance of its duties as described above. The Calculation Agent(s) will have 
no responsibility for good faith errors or omissions in any calculations made or 
provided by the Calculation Agent(s). The calculations and determinations of the 
Calculation Agent(s) will be made in accordance with the Conditions having regard, 
in each case, to the relevant criteria stipulated in the Conditions, in the relevant 
Final Terms and, where relevant, on the basis of information provided to or 
obtained by it as well as after such further enquiries as it deems necessary. The 
determination of rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of

--- Page 207 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
207 
each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence 
of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(l) 
Calculations of Interest Amounts specific to the Deeply Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 5(l) applies to Deeply Subordinated Notes only.  
1. 
Calculation of Interest Amounts in Case of Write-Down 
With respect to the Deeply Subordinated Notes only, subject to Condition 5(l)3. 
(Cancellation of Interest Amounts), in the event that a Write-Down occurs 
during an Interest Period, the Interest Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date immediately following such Interest Period shall be calculated 
as if the Write-Down had occurred on the first day of such Interest Period. 
2. 
Calculation of Interest Amounts in Case of Reinstatement 
With respect to the Deeply Subordinated Notes only, subject to Condition 5(l)3. 
(Cancellation of Interest Amounts), in the event that a Reinstatement occurs 
during an Interest Period, the Interest Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date immediately following such Interest Period shall be calculated 
as the sum (rounded to the nearest cent (half a cent being rounded upwards) 
of the following: 
(i) 
the product of the applicable Rate of Interest, the Current Principal 
Amount before such Reinstatement, and the Day Count Fraction 
(determined as if the Interest Period ended on, but excluded, the date of 
such Reinstatement); and 
(ii) 
the product of the applicable Rate of Interest, the Current Principal 
Amount after such Reinstatement, and the Day Count Fraction 
(determined as if the Interest Period started on, and included, the date 
of such Reinstatement). 
3. 
Cancellation of Interest Amounts 
With respect to the Deeply Subordinated Notes only, the Issuer may elect at its 
full discretion to cancel (in whole or in part) the Interest Amount otherwise 
scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that it has 
Distributable Items or that the Maximum Distributable Amount of the Crédit 
Agricole Group and the Maximum Distributable Amount of the Crédit Agricole 
S.A. Group are greater than zero.  
The Issuer will cancel the payment of an Interest Amount (in whole or, as the 
case may be, in part) if the Relevant Regulator notifies the Issuer that, in 
accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations, it has determined that the 
Interest Amount (in whole or in part) should be cancelled based on its 
assessment of the financial and solvency situation of the Issuer.

--- Page 208 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
208 
Interest Amounts will only be paid (in whole or, as the case may be, in part) if 
and to the extent that such payment would not cause: 
(i) 
when aggregated together with distributions on all other Tier 1 Capital 
instruments scheduled for payment in the then current financial year, the 
amount of Distributable Items (if any) then applicable to the Issuer to be 
exceeded; or 
(ii) 
when aggregated together with any other distributions of the kind 
referred to in Article 141(2) of the CRD Directive or any other similar 
provision of Applicable Banking Regulations and/or Applicable 
MREL/TLAC Regulations that are subject to the same limit, the Relevant 
Maximum Distributable Amount to be exceeded (to the extent the 
limitation in Article 141(3) of the CRD Directive, or any other similar 
limitation related to the Relevant Maximum Distributable Amount in the 
CRD Directive ,the BRRD or the SRMR, is then applicable). 
Any Interest Amount that has been cancelled as provided in this 
Condition 5(l)3. is no longer payable by the Issuer or considered accrued or 
owed to the holders of the Deeply Subordinated Notes. The holders of the 
Deeply Subordinated Notes shall have no right thereto whether in a 
bankruptcy or dissolution, as a result of the insolvency of the Issuer or 
otherwise. Cancellation of any such Interest Amount shall not constitute an 
event of default or a breach of the Issuer’s obligations or duties or a failure to 
perform by the Issuer in any manner whatsoever and shall not entitle the 
holders of the Deeply Subordinated Notes to petition for the insolvency or 
dissolution of the Issuer. 
Notice of any cancellation of payment of a scheduled Interest Amount must 
be given to the holders of the Deeply Subordinated Notes (in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices)) and the Fiscal Agent as soon as possible, but not more 
than sixty (60) calendar days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date 
(provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the cancellation 
of any such Interest Amount in whole or in part by the Issuer and shall not 
constitute a default on the part of the Issuer for any purpose). 
(m) Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), 
or the formula or the methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent, the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent, 
the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent or the CMS Rate 
Determination Agent, as applicable, determines and which is required to be applied 
to the substitute or successor rate and is the spread, formula or methodology which 
is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in 
relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate, the Mid-Swap Rate, or the Semi-
Quarterly Mid Swap Rate, as applicable, or is in customary market usage in the

--- Page 209 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
209 
international debt capital market for transactions which reference the Reference 
Rate, the Mid-Swap Rate, or the Semi-Quarterly Mid Swap Rate, as applicable, or 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent, the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent, 
the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent or the CMS Rate 
Determination Agent, as applicable, determines there is no such spread, formula 
or methodology in customary market usage, the Reference Rate Determination 
Agent, the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent, the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap 
Rate Determination Agent or the CMS Rate Determination Agent, as applicable, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and as an 
independent expert in the performance of its duty, determines to be appropriate; 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, the Mid-Swap Rate, or the Semi-
Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, announcing that it has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Reference Rate, the Mid-Swap Rate or the Semi-
Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, or any component thereof, 
permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Screen Page Reference Rate, 
the Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate, the Screen Page Semi-Semi Mid-Swap 
Reference Rate, or the Quarterly Basis Screen Page, as applicable); and/or  
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
of the Reference Rate, the Mid-Swap Rate or the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap 
Rate, as applicable, or any component thereof, the central bank for the 
currency of the Reference Rate, the Mid-Swap Rate or the Semi-Quarterly 
Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, the Mid-Swap Rate, the Semi-Quarterly 
Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof, a resolution authority with 
         jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Rate, the Mid-Swap Rate, 
the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof, or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
of the Reference Rate, the Mid-Swap Rate, the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap 
Rate or any component thereof, which states that the administrator of the 
Reference Rate, the Mid-Swap Rate, the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate or 
any component thereof, has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference 
Rate, the Mid-Swap Rate, the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate or any 
component thereof, permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at that time, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Screen 
Page Reference Rate, the Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate, the Screen Page 
Semi-Semi Mid-Swap Reference Rate, or the Quarterly Basis Screen Page, 
as applicable); and/or  
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the supervisor for the 
administrator of the Reference Rate,the Mid-Swap Rate or the Semi-
Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, or any component thereof, that the 
Reference Rate, the Mid-Swap Rate or the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate, 
as applicable, or any component thereof, has been or will be prohibited from 
being used or that the use of the Reference Rate, the Mid-Swap Rate or the

--- Page 210 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
210 
Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, or any component thereof, 
will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; and/or 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Reference Rate, the Mid-Swap Rate or the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate, 
as applicable, or any component thereof, that the Reference Rate, the Mid-
Swap Rate or the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, or any 
component thereof, in the opinion of the supervisor, is no longer 
representative of an underlying market; and/or 
(v) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other 
party specified in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying 
Agent to calculate any payment due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Reference Rate, the Mid-Swap Rate or the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate, 
as applicable, or any component thereof (including, without limitation, under 
the Benchmark Regulation or the UK Benchmark Regulation, if applicable); 
and/or 
(vi) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 
35 of the Benchmark Regulation or the UK Benchmark Regulation of any 
benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish such Reference 
Rate, Mid-Swap Rate or Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, or 
any component thereof, has been adopted; 
provided that, in the case of sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii), the Benchmark Event 
shall occur on the date of the cessation of publication of the Reference Rate, 
the Mid-Swap Rate, the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate or any component 
thereof, as applicable, and, in the case of sub-paragraphs (iii), (iv), (v) and 
(vi), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the later of (x) the date of non-
representativeness, prohibition or unlawfulness of use of the Reference Rate, 
the Mid-Swap Rate, the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate or any component 
thereof, as applicable, and (y) the date of the relevant public statement. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in the principal financial center for that currency (which, in the case 
of Renminbi, shall be Hong Kong); and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which T2 is operating (a “TARGET Business 
Day”); and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centers, a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business Centers 
or, if no currency is specified, generally in each of the Business Centers;

--- Page 211 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
211 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest 
on any Note for any period of time (from (and including) the first day of such period 
to (but excluding) the last day of such period) (whether or not constituting an 
Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual”, “Actual/365-FBF” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” or “Actual/365 (Fixed)-FBF” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” or “Actual/360-FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
= 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 
and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30.

--- Page 212 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
212 
(v) 
if "30/360-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each 
Calculation Period, the fraction whose denominator is three hundred and 
sixty (360) and whose numerator is the number of days calculated as for 
30E/360-FBF, subject to the following exception: 
where the last day of the Calculation Period is the thirty-first (31st) and the 
first (1st) day is neither the thirtieth (30th) nor the thirty-first (31st), the last 
month of the Calculation Period shall be deemed to be a month of thirty-one 
(31) days, 
using the same abbreviations as for 30E/360-FBF, the fraction is: 
If dd2 = 31 and dd1 ≠ (30,31) 
then: 
1 
× [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + (dd2 - dd1)] 
360 
 
or 
1 
× [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) - Min (dd1 , 30)]; 
360 
 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
=  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
”M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 213 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
213 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D2 will be 30. 
(vii) if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
=  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
”D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day 
of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30. 
(viii) if "30E/360-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each 
Calculation Period, the fraction whose denominator is three hundred and 
sixty (360) and whose numerator is the number of days elapsed during such 
period, calculated on the basis of a year comprising twelve (12) months of 
thirty (30) days, subject to the following the exception: 
if the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of 
February, the number of days elapsed during such month shall be the actual 
number of days, 
where: 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period, and 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period;

--- Page 214 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
214 
the fraction is: 
1 
× [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) - Min 
(dd1 , 30)]. 
360 
(ix) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the 
sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product 
of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year. 
(x) 
If “Actual/Actual-FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction 
whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during such period 
and whose denominator is 365 or 366 if 29 February falls within the 
Calculation Period. If the Calculation Period is of a duration of more than 1 
year, the basis shall be calculated as follows: 
(x) 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last day 
of the Calculation Period; 
(y) 
this number shall be increase by the fraction for the relevant period 
calculated as set out in the first paragraph of this definition. 
“Determination Period” means the period from (and including) a Determination 
Date in any year to (but excluding) the next Determination Date; 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date(s); 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest 
Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest

--- Page 215 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
215 
Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period 
Date; 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per 
outstanding principal amount of the relevant Note for that Interest Accrual Period 
and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount 
or Broken Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms as being payable on the 
Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual 
Period forms part; and 
(ii) in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per outstanding 
principal amount of the relevant Note for that period calculated in accordance with 
Condition 5(j) (Calculations); 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Accrual Period or Interest Period or the interest amount in relation to RMB 
Notes, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period or Interest Period if the 
Specified Currency is Sterling, (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for 
the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period or 
Interest Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro, (iii) the day 
falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period or Interest Period if the Specified Currency is euro or (iv) the day falling ten 
Tokyo Banking Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date if the Specified 
Currency is yen; 
“Interest Payment Date” means each date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment 
Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date; 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise 
specified hereon and/or in the relevant Final Terms; 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes, all the Notes issued other than (a) 
those that have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in 
respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption monies 
(including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and 
any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré), to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder 
as provided in Condition 8(a), (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully

--- Page 216 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
216 
registered form (au nominatif pur), to the account of the Noteholder as provided in 
Condition 8(a) and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the Fiscal Agent as 
provided in the Agency Agreement and remain available for payment against 
presentation and surrender of Notes, Receipts and/or Coupons, as the case may 
be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become 
prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in the 
Conditions, (e) those mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes that have 
been surrendered in exchange for replacement Notes, and (f) (for the purpose only 
of determining how many Materialised Bearer Notes are outstanding and without 
prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Materialised Bearer Notes 
alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement 
Notes have been issued; provided that, for the purposes of ascertaining the right 
to (x) attend and vote at any meeting of Noteholders and (y) to approve any Written 
Resolution, those Notes that are held by, or are held on behalf of, the Issuer or any 
of its subsidiaries and not cancelled shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) 
be deemed not to be outstanding; 
“PRC” means the People’s Republic of China, and for the purpose of these 
Conditions, excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the Macau 
Special Administrative Region and Taïwan; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect 
of the Notes and that is specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Redemption Amounts” means the Final Redemption Amount or the Early 
Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount or the Current Principal 
Amount or the Make-Whole Redemption Amount, in each case as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Banks” means the principal offices of four major banks in the Relevant 
Inter-Bank Market, as selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” means (included but not limited to) EURIBOR, SOFR or SONIA 
or any other reference rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Inter-Bank Market” means such inter-bank market as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part 
of a particular information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(or any successor or replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service, as may be determined, (i) in connection with the 
determination of a Replacement Mid-Swap Rate by the Mid-Swap Rate 
Determination Agent, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner, 
and as an independent expert, (ii) in connection with the determination of a 
Replacement Reference Rate by the Reference Rate Determination Agent, acting 
in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner, and as an independent expert, 
(iii) in connection with the determination of the Reference Government Bond Rate 
or the Reference Government Bond Price by the Calculation Agent, or (iv) in

--- Page 217 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
217 
connection with the determination of a Replacement Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap 
Reference Rate by the Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner); 
“Relevant Screen Page Time” means such time as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
“RMB Note(s)” means a Note(s) denominated in Renminbi; 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated; 
and 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or 
any successor system. 
(n) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as 
any Note is outstanding. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in 
respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall 
be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the 
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual 
Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading 
bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, 
money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation 
Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively 
involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not 
resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
6 
Loss Absorption And Return To Financial Health 
This Condition 6 applies to Deeply Subordinated Notes only. 
(a) 
Loss Absorption 
If a Capital Ratio Event occurs, the Issuer shall (i) immediately notify the Relevant 
Regulator of the occurrence of such Capital Ratio Event and, (ii) within one month 
from the occurrence of the relevant Capital Ratio Event, after having delivered a 
Loss Absorption Notice to the holders of the Deeply Subordinated Notes (in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices)) and the Fiscal Agent, pro rata with the 
other Deeply Subordinated Notes irrevocably (without the need for the consent of 
the holders of the Deeply Subordinated Notes) reduce the then Current Principal 
Amount of each Deeply Subordinated Note (and any interest due under the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes on a prior Interest Payment Date but not paid) by the relevant

--- Page 218 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
218 
Write-Down Amount (such reduction being referred to as a “Write-Down,” and 
“Written Down” being construed accordingly) (a “Loss Absorption Event”). 
The determination by the Issuer that a Capital Ratio Event has occurred shall be 
based on information (whether or not published) available to management of the 
Issuer, including information reported within the Issuer pursuant to its procedures 
for ensuring effective ongoing monitoring of the capital ratios of the Crédit Agricole 
S.A. Group and/or the Crédit Agricole Group, as applicable. 
Any failure or delay by the Issuer to deliver a Loss Absorption Notice to the holders 
of the Deeply Subordinated Notes shall not affect the application of any Write-
Down or constitute a default on the part of the Issuer for any purpose and shall not 
entitle the holders of the Deeply Subordinated Notes to any claim for 
compensation.  
A “Capital Ratio Event” will be deemed to have occurred if, at any time, (i) the 
Crédit Agricole S.A. Group’s CET1 Capital Ratio falls or remains below 5.125%, or 
(ii) the Crédit Agricole Group’s CET1 Capital Ratio falls or remains below 7.0%, 
provided that a Capital Ratio Event shall be deemed not to have occurred as of a 
date of determination if a Capital Event has occurred and is then continuing, but 
only to the extent that the Deeply Subordinated Notes are fully excluded from the 
Tier 1 Capital of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group and/or the Crédit Agricole Group.  
“Write-Down Amount” means, on any Loss Absorption Effective Date, either:   
(a) 
if any of the Existing Additional Tier 1 Instruments are outstanding and any 
of the outstanding Existing Additional Tier 1 Instruments constitute, fully or 
partly, Tier 1 Capital of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group or the Crédit Agricole 
Group, the amount by which the then Current Principal Amount (and any 
due and unpaid interest) of each outstanding Deeply Subordinated Note is 
to be Written Down on such date, being the lesser of:  
(i) the amount (together with the Write-Down of the other Deeply 
Subordinated Notes and the write-down of any other Loss Absorbing 
Instruments) that would be sufficient to cure the Capital Ratio Event; 
or 
(ii) if that Write-Down (together with the Write-Down of the other Deeply 
Subordinated Notes and the write-down of any other Loss Absorbing 
Instruments) would be insufficient to cure the Capital Ratio Event or 
the Capital Ratio Event is not capable of being cured, the amount 
necessary to reduce the Current Principal Amount of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes to one cent; or  
(b) 
if none of the Existing Additional Tier 1 Instruments are outstanding or all 
of the Existing Additional Tier 1 Instruments are fully excluded from Tier 1 
Capital of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group and the Crédit Agricole Group, 
the amount by which the then Current Principal Amount (and any due and 
unpaid interest) of each outstanding Deeply Subordinated Note is to be 
Written Down on such date, being the lesser of:

--- Page 219 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
219 
(i) the amount (together with (x) the Write-Down of the other Deeply 
Subordinated Notes and the write-down of the principal amount of any 
other Loss Absorbing Instruments, and (y) the theoretical conversion 
of any Convertible Additional Tier 1 Instruments) that would be 
sufficient to cure the Capital Ratio Event; or 
(ii) if that Write-Down (together with (x) the Write-Down of the other 
Deeply Subordinated Notes and the write-down of the principal 
amount of any other Loss Absorbing Instruments), and (y) the 
theoretical conversion of any Convertible Additional Tier 1 Instruments 
would be insufficient to cure the Capital Ratio Event, or the Capital 
Ratio Event is not capable of being cured, the amount necessary to 
reduce the Current Principal Amount of the Deeply Subordinated 
Notes to one cent. 
(c) 
for the purposes of paragraph (a) above, the Write-Down Amount shall be 
calculated and the pro rata write-down of any other Loss Absorbing 
Instruments shall be determined after taking into account the actual 
conversion into equity of any outstanding Convertible Additional Tier 1 
Instruments (other than those that are fully excluded from Tier 1 Capital of 
the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group or the Crédit Agricole Group). 
For the purposes of paragraph (b) above, the theoretical conversion of any 
Convertible Additional Tier 1 Instruments shall be determined on the basis 
of their Theoretical Conversion Amounts and shall not apply to Convertible 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments that have been fully excluded from Tier 1 
Capital of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group or the Crédit Agricole Group. 
(d) 
if none of the Existing Additional Tier 1 Instruments are outstanding or if all 
of the outstanding Existing Additional Tier 1 Instruments have been fully 
excluded from Tier 1 Capital of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group and the 
Crédit Agricole Group, the Issuer will notify the Noteholders (in accordance 
with Condition 16 (Notices)) of the variation in the determination of the 
Write-Down Amount in accordance with paragraph (b) above. 
“Loss Absorption Notice” means a notice which specifies that a Capital Ratio 
Event has occurred, the Write-Down Amount and the Loss Absorption Effective 
Date. Any Loss Absorption Notice must be accompanied by a certificate of the 
Issuer stating that the relevant Capital Ratio Event has occurred and setting out 
the method of calculation of the relevant Write-Down Amount. Any Loss Absorption 
Notice must be delivered to the holders of the Deeply Subordinated Notes in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Capital Ratio Event that has occurred as of any Quarterly 
Financial Period End Date, on or within five (5) Business Days after the 
relevant COREP Reporting Date; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Capital Ratio Event that has occurred as of any Additional 
Calculation Date, on or as soon as practicable after such Additional 
Calculation Date.

--- Page 220 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
220 
(b) 
Consequences of a Loss Absorption Event 
A Loss Absorption Event may occur on more than one occasion and the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes may be Written Down on more than one occasion. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the principal amount of a Deeply Subordinated Note may never 
be reduced to below one cent. 
Following the giving of a Loss Absorption Notice which specifies a Write-Down of 
the Deeply Subordinated Notes, the Issuer shall procure that: 
(a) 
a similar notice is, or has been, given in respect of other Loss Absorbing 
Instruments (in accordance with their terms); and 
(b) 
the Current Principal Amount of each series of Loss Absorbing Instruments 
outstanding (if any) is written down on a pro rata basis with the Current 
Principal Amount of the Deeply Subordinated Notes as soon as reasonably 
practicable following the giving of such Loss Absorption Notice. 
Any Write-Down of the Deeply Subordinated Notes shall not constitute an event of 
default or a breach of the Issuer’s obligations or duties or a failure to perform by 
the Issuer in any manner whatsoever and shall not entitle the holders of the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes to petition for the insolvency or dissolution of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Return to Financial Health 
Subject to compliance with the Applicable Banking Regulations, if a positive 
Consolidated Net Income of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group is recorded at any time 
while the Current Principal Amount of the Deeply Subordinated Notes is less than 
their Original Principal Amount (a “Return to Financial Health”), the Issuer may, 
at its full discretion and subject to the Relevant Maximum Distributable Amount 
(when aggregated together with any other distributions of the kind referred to in 
Article 141(2) of the CRD Directive or any other similar provision of Applicable 
Banking Regulations and/or Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations that are subject 
to the same limit) not being exceeded thereby, increase the Current Principal 
Amount of each Deeply Subordinated Note (a “Reinstatement”) up to a maximum 
of its Original Principal Amount, on a pro rata basis with the other Deeply 
Subordinated Notes and with any other Discretionary Temporary Write-Down 
Instruments, provided that the sum of: 
(a) the aggregate amount of the relevant Reinstatement on all the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes; and 
(b) the aggregate amount of any Interest Amounts (or portion of an Interest 
Amount) on the Deeply Subordinated Notes that were calculated or paid on 
the basis of a Current Principal Amount that is lower than the Original 
Principal Amount at any time after the end of the previous financial year, 
does not exceed the Maximum Write-Up Amount. No Reinstatement may take 
place when a Capital Ratio Event has occurred and is continuing or if the 
Reinstatement (together with all simultaneous reinstatements of other

--- Page 221 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
221 
Discretionary Temporary Write-Down Instruments) would cause a Capital Ratio 
Event to occur. 
The “Maximum Write-Up Amount” means (a) the greater of (i) zero and (ii) the 
product of the Relevant Consolidated Net Income and the aggregate Original 
Principal Amount of all Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments then 
outstanding, divided by (b) the Relevant Total Tier 1 Capital as at the date of the 
relevant Reinstatement. 
“Relevant Consolidated Net Income” means the lesser of the Consolidated Net 
Income of the Crédit Agricole Group and the Consolidated Net Income of the Crédit 
Agricole S.A. Group. 
“Relevant Total Tier 1 Capital” means (a) where the Relevant Consolidated Net 
Income is that of the Crédit Agricole Group, the total Tier 1 Capital of the Crédit 
Agricole Group, and (b) where the Relevant Consolidated Net Income is that of the 
Crédit Agricole S.A. Group, the total Tier 1 Capital of the Crédit Agricole S.A. 
Group. 
The Issuer will not reinstate the Current Principal Amount of any Discretionary 
Temporary Write-Down Instruments unless it does so on a pro rata basis with a 
Reinstatement of the Deeply Subordinated Notes. 
Reinstatement may be made on one or more occasions in accordance with this 
Condition 6(c) until the Current Principal Amount of the Notes has been reinstated 
to the Original Principal Amount (save in the event of occurrence of another Loss 
Absorption Event). 
Any decision by the Issuer to effect or not to effect any Reinstatement pursuant to 
this Condition 6(c) on any occasion shall not preclude it from effecting or not 
effecting any Reinstatement on any other occasion pursuant to this Condition 6(c). 
If the Issuer decides to effect a Reinstatement pursuant to this Condition 6(c), 
notice of any Return to Financial Health and the amount of Reinstatement (as a 
percentage of the Original Principal Amount of a Deeply Subordinated Note) shall 
be given to the holders of the Deeply Subordinated Notes in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices) and to the Fiscal Agent. Such notice shall be given at least 
seven (7) Business Days prior to the date on which the relevant Reinstatement 
becomes effective. 
7 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption 
(i) 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided in this 
Condition 7, each Senior Note or Subordinated Note that provides for 
Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts (an “Instalment Note”) shall be 
partially redeemed on each instalment date specified in the relevant Final

--- Page 222 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
222 
Terms (each an “Instalment Date”) at the corresponding instalment amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Instalment Amount”). The 
outstanding principal amount of each such Instalment Note shall be reduced 
by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by 
reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Instalment Note, 
such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, 
unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused, 
in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date 
relating to such Instalment Amount. 
No Redemption by Instalments shall be available for Deeply Subordinated 
Notes. 
(ii) 
Final Redemption 
(A)  Final Redemption of Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes 
1. 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as 
provided in this Condition 7, each Senior Note or Subordinated 
Note shall be finally redeemed by the Issuer on the Maturity Date 
((a) except for the Undated Subordinated Notes and the Undated 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and (b) provided that, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, the Maturity Date shall be a day falling at 
least five (5) years after the Issue Date, and, in the case of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, the Maturity Date shall be a day falling at 
least one (1) year after the Issue Date) at its final redemption 
amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Final 
Redemption Amount”), except that the Final Redemption 
Amount shall not be lower than 100 per cent. of the principal 
amount of the Notes so redeemed or, in the case of an Instalment 
Note falling within paragraph (i) above, at its final Instalment 
Amount, on the final Instalment Date. 
2. 
The Subordinated Notes may have no fixed maturity (the 
“Undated Subordinated Notes”). The Undated Subordinated 
Notes are undated perpetual obligations in respect of which there 
is no fixed redemption or maturity date. 
3. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes may have no fixed maturity (the 
“Undated Senior Non-Preferred Notes”). The Undated Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes are undated perpetual obligations in 
respect of which there is no fixed redemption or maturity date.  
(B)  Final Redemption of Deeply Subordinated Notes 
The Deeply Subordinated Notes are undated perpetual obligations in 
respect of which there is no fixed redemption or maturity date.

--- Page 223 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
223 
(b) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event 
If, by reason of any change in French laws or regulations or (in the case of 
Notes issued through its London Branch) the laws or regulations of the UK, 
or any change in the official application or interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer would, 
on the occasion of the next payment of interest due in respect of the Notes, 
not be able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts 
as specified under Condition 9 (Taxation) (a “Withholding Tax Event”), the 
Issuer may, at its option on any Interest Payment Date (if such Notes are 
Floating Rate Notes) or, at any time (if such Notes are not Floating Rate 
Notes), subject to having given not more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen 
(15) calendar days’ prior notice to the holders of such Notes, in accordance 
with Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of such 
outstanding Notes at their Early Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with Condition 7(l) (Early Redemption Amounts) (together with 
any interest accrued thereon but unpaid to the date set for redemption), in 
which case such accrued interest is included in the Early Redemption 
Amount) provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder 
may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the 
Issuer could make payment of interest without being required under 
Condition 9 (Taxation) to pay such additional amounts. 
Any Redemption upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event will be 
subject: 
(a)  in the case of Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 7(j) 
(Additional conditions to redemption, purchase and cancellation of 
Senior Notes); and  
(b)  in the case of Subordinated Notes and Deeply Subordinated Notes, to 
the provisions of Condition 7(k) (Additional conditions to redemption or 
purchase and cancellation of Subordinated Notes and Deeply 
Subordinated Notes). 
(ii) 
Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a Gross-Up Event 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of interest in respect of the Notes be 
required by Condition 9 (Taxation) to pay any additional amounts, but would 
be prevented by French law or (in the case of Notes issued through its 
London Branch) the laws or regulations of the UK from doing so (a “Gross-
Up Event”), then the Issuer may, upon prior notice to the Fiscal Agent, at its 
option on any Interest Payment Date (if such Notes are Floating Rate Notes) 
or, at any time (if such Notes are not Floating Rate Notes), subject to having 
given not more than thirty (30) nor less than seven (7) calendar days’ prior 
notice to the holders of such Notes, in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of such outstanding Notes then 
outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount determined in accordance

--- Page 224 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
224 
with Condition 7(l) (Early Redemption Amounts) (together with any interest 
accrued thereon (but unpaid) to the date set for redemption) on the latest 
practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount 
then due and payable in respect of such Notes, provided that if such notice 
would expire after such latest practicable date the date for redemption 
pursuant to such notice of holders of such Notes shall be the later of (i) the 
latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full 
amount then due and payable in respect of such Notes and (ii) fourteen (14) 
calendar days after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid. 
Any Redemption upon the occurrence of a Gross-Up Event will be subject: 
(a)  in the case of Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 7(j) 
(Additional conditions to redemption, purchase and cancellation of 
Senior Notes); and  
(b)  in the case of Subordinated Notes and Deeply Subordinated Notes, to 
the provisions of Condition 7(k) (Additional conditions to redemption or 
purchase and cancellation of Subordinated Notes and Deeply 
Subordinated Notes). 
(iii) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Deductibility Event with respect 
to Subordinated Notes and Deeply Subordinated Notes 
If the Notes are Subordinated Notes or Deeply Subordinated Notes and if by 
reason of any change in French laws or regulations or (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes or Deeply Subordinated Notes issued through its 
London Branch) the laws or regulations of the UK, or any change in the 
official application or interpretation of such laws or regulations, in each case 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the tax regime of any payments 
of interest under such Subordinated Notes or Deeply Subordinated Notes is 
modified and such modification results in the part of the interest payable by 
the Issuer under such Subordinated Notes or Deeply Subordinated Notes 
that is tax-deductible being reduced (a “Tax Deductibility Event”), the Issuer 
may, at its option, at any time (in the case of Notes other than Floating Rate 
Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) 
but subject to having given not more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) 
calendar days’ notice to holders of such Subordinated Notes or such Deeply 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all, 
but not some only, of the then outstanding Subordinated Notes or Deeply 
Subordinated Notes at their Early Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with Condition 7(l) (Early Redemption Amounts) (together with 
any interest accrued thereon but unpaid to the date set for redemption), 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be 
given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer 
could make such payment of interest not being impacted by the reduction in 
tax deductibility giving rise to the Tax Deductibility Event.

--- Page 225 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
225 
Any Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Deductibility Event will be 
subject to the provisions of Condition 7(j) (Additional conditions to 
redemption, purchase and cancellation of Senior Notes). 
(c) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event 
(i) 
If “MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event Call Option” is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, then upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event, the Issuer may, at its option, at any time and subject 
to the provisions of Condition 7(c)(ii) below and having given not more than 
thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days’ prior notice to the holders 
of such Notes in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all (but not 
some only) of the outstanding Notes at their Early Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with Condition 7(l) (Early Redemption Amounts) 
(together with any interest accrued thereon but unpaid to the date set for 
redemption). 
(ii) 
Any redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event 
will be subject : 
(a)  in the case of Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 7(j) 
(Additional conditions to redemption, purchase and cancellation of 
Senior Notes), and  
(b)  in the case of Subordinated Notes and Deeply Subordinated Notes, to 
the provisions of Condition 7(k) (Additional conditions to redemption or 
purchase and cancellation of Subordinated Notes and Deeply 
Subordinated Notes). 
“Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to (i) MREL and (ii) the principles 
set forth in the FSB TLAC Term Sheet or any successor principles. If there are 
separate laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to 
the principles described in (i) and (ii), then “Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations” 
means all such regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies (including, 
without limitation, the BRRD, the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, the 
CRR Regulation and the CRD Directive). 
“FSB TLAC Term Sheet” means the Total Loss Absorbing Capacity term sheet 
set forth in the document dated 9 November 2015 published by the Financial 
Stability Board, entitled “Principles on Loss absorbing and Recapitalisation 
Capacity of G SIBs in Resolution”, as amended from time to time. 
“MREL” refers to the “minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities” 
for banking institutions set in accordance with Article 45 et seq. of the BRRD (as 
transposed under French law), Article 12 et seq. of the Single Resolution 
Mechanism Regulation and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 
2016/1450 of 23 May 2016 (as may be amended from time to time), or any 
successor requirement under the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations and/or the 
Applicable Banking Regulations.

--- Page 226 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
226 
“MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event” means:  
a) 
with respect to Senior Preferred Notes, a change in the classification of the 
Senior Preferred Notes under the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations that 
may be likely to result in the full or partial disqualification of the Senior 
Preferred Notes as MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments, except by reason of 
any quantitative limitation on the amount of liabilities that rank pari passu with 
unsubordinated liabilities that cannot count towards the MREL and the TLAC 
of the Issuer in each case in accordance with the Applicable MREL/TLAC 
Regulations; 
b) 
with respect to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, a change in the classification of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes under the Applicable MREL/TLAC 
Regulations that may be likely to result in the full or partial disqualification of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments without 
any quantum limitation applicable to such Senior Non-Preferred Notes;  
c) 
with respect to Subordinated Notes and Deeply Subordinated Notes, a 
change in the classification of the Subordinated Notes or the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes under the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations that may 
be likely to result in the full or partial disqualification of the Subordinated 
Notes or the Deeply Subordinated Notes as MREL/TLAC-Eligible 
Instruments;  
in each case, except where such non-qualification was reasonably foreseeable at 
the Issue Date or is due to the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than 
any period prescribed by the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations or, with respect 
to Senior Preferred Notes only, is due to the Senior Preferred Notes not meeting 
any requirements in relation to their ranking in insolvency.  
“MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instrument” means an instrument that is eligible to be 
counted towards the MREL and the TLAC of the Issuer, in each case in accordance 
with the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations, and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
irrespective of the quantum limitation that may be applicable to certain types of 
instruments by the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations. 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the ACPR, the Single Resolution Board 
established pursuant to the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation and/or any 
other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of the Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers from time to time (including the Council of the European 
Union and the European Commission when acting pursuant to Article 18 of the 
Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation). 
(d) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to 
Subordinated Notes and Deeply Subordinated Notes 
If the Notes are Subordinated Notes or Deeply Subordinated Notes, upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Event, the Issuer may, at its option, at any time, subject to 
having given not more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days’ 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all

--- Page 227 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
227 
(but not some only) of such outstanding Subordinated Notes or Deeply 
Subordinated Notes (as applicable) at their Early Redemption Amount determined 
in accordance with Condition 7(l) (Early Redemption Amounts) (together with any 
interest accrued thereon but unpaid to the date set for redemption).  
Any Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event will be subject to the 
provisions of Condition 7(k) (Additional conditions to redemption, purchase and 
cancellation of Subordinated Notes and Deeply Subordinated Notes). 
“Capital Event” means, at any time, a change in the classification of the 
Subordinated Notes or the Deeply Subordinated Notes under Applicable Banking 
Regulations that was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date, 
and that may be likely to result in the full or partial exclusion (i) of the Subordinated 
Notes from Tier 2 Capital, or (ii) of the Deeply Subordinated Notes from Tier 1 
Capital of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group and/or the Crédit Agricole Group, 
provided in that latter case that such exclusion is not as a result of any applicable 
limits on the amount of Additional Tier 1 Capital contained in Tier 1 Capital in 
accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations. 
“Additional Tier 1 Capital” has the meaning given to it by Applicable Banking 
Regulations from time to time. 
“Tіer 1 Capital” means capital which is treated as a constituent of tier 1 under 
Applicable Banking Regulations from time to time. 
“Tier 2 Capital” means capital which is treated as a constituent of tier 2 under 
Applicable Banking Regulations from time to time. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer  
(i) 
If an “Issuer Call” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, at its option, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than 
thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the holders of such Note in accordance 
with Condition 16 (Notices), (or such other notice period as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms), redeem all or, if so provided, only some of, the 
outstanding Notes on any optional redemption date(s) as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (each an “Optional Redemption Date”), at their 
Optional Redemption Amount determined in accordance with Condition 7(m) 
(Optional Redemption Amounts) (together with interest accrued thereon but 
unpaid to the date fixed for redemption).  
 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount at least equal to the 
Minimum Redemption Amount (if any) and no greater than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount (if any), both as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on 
the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.  
In the case of a partial redemption of Materialised Notes, the notice to the 
holders shall also contain the serial numbers of the Definitive Materialised

--- Page 228 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
228 
Bearer Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place 
and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, 
taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption 
may be effected, at the option of the Issuer, either (i) by application of a pool 
factor (corresponding to a reduction of the nominal amount of all such 
Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal 
amount redeemed) or (ii) by redeeming in full some only of such 
Dematerialised Notes and, in such latter case, the choice between those 
Dematerialised Notes that will be fully redeemed and those Dematerialised 
Notes of any Series that will not be redeemed shall be made in accordance 
with Article R.213-16 of the French Code monétaire et financier, subject to 
compliance with any other applicable laws and requirements of a Regulated 
Market or any other stock exchange on which the Notes are listed (as the 
case may be).  
In respect of any Senior Note, any notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 7(e) shall be void and of no effect in relation to that Note in the 
event that, prior to the giving of such notice by the Issuer, the relevant 
Noteholder had already delivered an Exercise Notice in relation to that Note 
in accordance with Condition 7(g) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
with respect to Senior Notes). 
(ii) 
Any Issuer Call will be subject:  
(a)  in the case of Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 7(j) 
(Additional conditions to redemption or purchase and cancellation of 
Senior Notes); and 
(b)  in the case of Subordinated Notes and Deeply Subordinated Notes, to 
the provisions of Condition 7(k) (Additional conditions to redemption or 
purchase and cancellation of Subordinated Notes and Deeply 
Subordinated Notes).  
(f) 
Clean-up Redemption Option 
If a “Clean-up Redemption Option” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, and if 75 per cent. or any higher percentage specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the “Clean-up Percentage”) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of 
Notes (which for the avoidance of doubt includes any additional Notes issued 
subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a particular 
Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer 
or any of its subsidiaries and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may, at its option, 
on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice 
to the holders of such Note in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) (or such 
other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the 
outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their Optional Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with Condition 7(m) (Optional Redemption Amounts)

--- Page 229 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
229 
(together with any interest accrued thereon but unpaid to the date set for 
redemption) (i) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, on any Optional Clean-
up Redemption Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (ii) in the case 
of Notes other than Senior Non-Preferred Notes, at any time.  
Any Clean-up Redemption will be subject to:  
(a)  in the case of Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 7(j) 
(Additional conditions to redemption, purchase and cancellation of 
Senior Notes; and  
(b)  in the case of Subordinated Notes and Deeply Subordinated Notes, to 
the provisions of Condition 7(k) (Additional conditions to redemption or 
purchase and cancellation of Subordinated Notes and Deeply 
Subordinated Notes). 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders with respect to Senior Notes 
If the Notes are Senior Notes and if a “Noteholder Put” is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such 
Notes, upon the holder of such Notes giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more 
than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such outstanding Notes on 
the Optional Redemption Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms at the 
Optional Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (together with 
interest accrued thereon but unpaid to the Optional Redemption Date as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms), it being specified the redemption amount shall not be 
lower than 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes so redeemed. 
To exercise such Noteholder Put, the holder of such Notes must deposit (in the 
case of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes) such Notes (together with all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons, if any, relating 
thereto) with any Paying Agent at its specified office, or (in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes) transfer, or cause to be transferred, such Note to the 
account of the Paying Agent, and in all cases, together with a duly completed 
option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying 
Agent within the applicable notice period. No Note so deposited or transferred 
and/or option exercised may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(h) 
Purchases 
(i) 
Purchase of Senior Notes 
The Issuer may, at its option, at any time, directly or through one of its 
subsidiairies or affiliates, purchase Senior Notes (provided that, in the case 
of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto, if any, or 
surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price, subject 
to applicable laws and regulations and subject to the provisions of Condition 
7(j) (Additional conditions to redemption or purchase and cancellation of

--- Page 230 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
230 
Senior Notes). Senior Notes so purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may 
be held and resold in accordance with applicable laws and regulations or 
cancelled in accordance with Condition 7(i) (Cancellation).  
(ii) 
Purchase of Subordinated Notes and Deeply Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer may, at its option (but subject to the provisions of Condition 7(k) 
(Additional conditions to redemption or purchase and cancellation of 
Subordinated Notes and Deeply Subordinated Notes)), directly or through 
one of its subsidiaries or affiliates, purchase Subordinated Notes or Deeply 
Subordinated Notes (provided that, in the case of Materialised Notes, all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto 
are attached thereto, if any, or surrendered therewith) in the open market or 
otherwise at any price, subject to applicable laws and regulations. 
Subordinated Notes or Deeply Subordinated Notes so purchased by or on 
behalf of the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations or cancelled in accordance with Condition 7(i) 
(Cancellation).  
Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer or any agent on its behalf shall have 
the right at all times to purchase Subordinated Notes and Deeply 
Subordinated Notes in any other cases, as authorised from time to time by 
applicable law and subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator 
and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if required. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
Any Notes redeemed or purchased for cancellation by the Issuer shall be cancelled 
forthwith, and any Notes otherwise purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may, 
in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, be surrendered for 
cancellation. Notes will be cancelled, in the case of Materialised Notes, by 
surrendering each such Note (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons 
and all unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith) to the 
Paying Agent and, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transferring, or causing 
to be transferred, such Notes to an account in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear France, or of the relevant clearing system, if other than 
Euroclear France. Any Notes so cancelled, or so surrendered or transferred for 
cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. For so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of and listed on Euronext Paris, the 
Issuer will forthwith inform Euronext Paris of any such cancellation. 
Any cancellation of Notes will be subject: 
(a)  in the case of Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 7(j) 
(Additional conditions to redemption, purchase and cancellation of 
Senior Notes), and  
(b)  
in the case of Subordinated Notes and Deeply Subordinated Notes, to 
the provisions of Condition 7(k) (Additional conditions to redemption or

--- Page 231 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
231 
purchase and cancellation of Subordinated Notes and Deeply Subordinated 
Notes). 
(j) 
Additional conditions to redemption or purchase and cancellation of Senior 
Notes 
In the case of Senior Notes, the Issuer’s options to redeem or purchase and cancel 
the Notes under Conditions 7(b)(i) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a 
Withholding Tax Event), 7(b)(ii) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Gross-Up 
Event), 7(c) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification 
Event), 7(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), 6(f) (Clean-up Redemption 
Option), 7(h)(i) (Purchase of Senior Notes) and 7(i) (Cancellation) are subject to:  
(i) 
such redemption or repurchase and cancellation (as applicable) not being 
prohibited by the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations, and  
(ii) 
the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, if required. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Regulator and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority to give its prior permission (if required) shall not 
constitute a default for any purpose. 
“Relevant Regulator” means the ECB and any successor or replacement thereto, 
or other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and 
supervision of the Issuer. 
(k) 
Additional conditions to redemption or purchase and cancellation of 
Subordinated Notes and Deeply Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes and the Deeply Subordinated Notes may only be 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled (as applicable) pursuant to Condition 7(b) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 7(c) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event), Condition 7(d) (Redemption upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to Subordinated Notes and Deeply 
Subordinated Notes), Condition 7(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), 
Condition 7(f) (Clean-up Redemption Option), Condition 7(h)(ii) (Purchase of 
Subordinated Notes and Deeply Subordinated Notes) (subject to the provisions set 
out in the second paragraph) or Condition 7(i) (Cancellation), as the case may be, 
if all of the following conditions are met when such conditions are applicable 
pursuant to the below: 
(i) 
such redemption or purchase and cancellation (as applicable) is not being 
prohibited by the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations and/or the Applicable 
Banking Regulations; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if required, 
has given its prior permission to such redemption or purchase and 
cancellation (as applicable).

--- Page 232 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
232 
In this respect, articles 77 and 78 of the CRR Regulation, as applicable as at the 
date hereof, provide that the Relevant Regulator shall grant permission to a 
redemption or repurchase of Subordinated Notes or Deeply Subordinated Notes 
(as applicable), provided that the following conditions applicable thereto are met: 
a)  
in all cases either (x) on or before such redemption or repurchase of the 
Subordinated Notes or Deeply Subordinated Notes, as applicable, the Issuer 
replaces the Subordinated Notes or the Deeply Subordinated Notes, as 
applicable, with capital instruments of an equal or higher quality on terms that 
are sustainable for the Issuer’s income capacity, or (y) the Issuer has 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that its own funds 
and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or repurchase, 
exceed the requirements laid down in the CRD V, the BRRD and the Single 
Resolution Mechanism Regulation by a margin that the Relevant Regulator 
considers necessary; and 
b) 
no redemption or repurchase of Subordinated Notes or Deeply Subordinated 
Notes will be permitted prior to five (5) years from the Issue Date except: 
A. 
in the case of a Capital Event, if (a) the Relevant Regulator considers 
the relevant change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated 
Notes or the Deeply Subordinated Notes, as applicable, to be 
sufficiently certain, and (b) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction 
of the Relevant Regulator that the Capital Event was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the Subordinated Notes or 
the Deeply Subordinated Notes, as applicable; or 
B. 
in the case of a Tax Event, if the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the change referred to in 
Condition 7(b)(i) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Withholding 
Tax Event), 7(b)(ii) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Gross-Up 
Event) or 7(b)(iii) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax 
Deductibility Event with respect to Subordinated Notes and Deeply 
Subordinated Notes), as applicable, is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of issuance of the Subordinated Notes or the 
Deeply Subordinated Notes, as applicable; or 
C. 
if, on or before such redemption or repurchase of the Subordinated 
Notes or Deeply Subordinated Notes, as applicable, the Issuer 
replaces the Subordinated Notes or the Deeply Subordinated Notes, 
as applicable, with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and the 
Relevant Regulator has permitted that action on the basis of the 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view 
and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
D. 
if the Subordinated Notes or the Deeply Subordinated Notes, as 
applicable, are repurchased for market making purposes. Any 
purchase for market making purposes is further subject to the

--- Page 233 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
233 
conditions set out in Article 29 of the CDR, in particular with respect to 
the predetermined amount authorised by the Relevant Regulator.  
In the case of a redemption as a result of a Special Event, the Issuer shall deliver 
a certificate to the Fiscal Agent (with copies thereof being available at the Fiscal 
Agent's specified office during its normal business hours) not less than five (5) 
Business Days prior to the date set for redemption that such Special Event has 
occurred or will occur and no more than ninety (90) days following the date fixed 
for redemption, as the case may be. 
With respect to the Deeply Subordinated Notes only, in the event that a Capital 
Ratio Event occurs after a redemption notice has been given, but before the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes are redeemed, such redemption notice will automatically be 
rescinded and will be of no force and effect and the Current Principal Amount of 
the Notes will not be due and payable. The Issuer may not give a notice of 
redemption following the occurrence of a Capital Ratio Event until the Write-Down 
in respect of such Capital Ratio Event has been effected. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Regulator and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority to give its prior permission (if required) shall not 
constitute a default for any purpose.  
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in 
France including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, those 
regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then 
in effect and as applied by the Relevant Regulator. 
“Special Event” means either a Tax Event, a Capital Event or a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event. 
“Tax Event” means either a Withholding Tax Event, a Gross-Up Event or a Tax 
Deductibility Event. 
(l) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
The early redemption amount payable in respect of a Note, upon redemption of 
such Note, as the case may be, pursuant to Condition 7(b) (Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons), Condition 7(c) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event) or Condition 7(d) (Redemption upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to Subordinated Notes and Deeply 
Subordinated Notes) or upon it becoming due and payable (see Condition 11 
(Events of Default)) (the “Early Redemption Amount”) shall be calculated as 
follows: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided 
below) of such Note.

--- Page 234 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
234 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised 
Face Amount of any Zero Coupon Note shall be the Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
(which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate 
as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price 
of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the 
Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount 
of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such 
sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the 
Amortised Face Amount becomes due and payable were the Relevant 
Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance 
with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and 
after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls 
on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and 
payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note 
on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms together with 
any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 7(b) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 7(c) (Redemption upon 
the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event) or Condition 
7(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect 
to Subordinated Notes and Deeply Subordinated Notes). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, 
it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes 
(A) 
Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Senior Note 
or Subordinated Note (other than Zero Coupon Notes described in (i) 
above) shall be, as specified in, or determined in the manner specified 
in, the relevant Final Terms: 
- 
the Final Redemption Amount; or 
- 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
person specified in the relevant Final Terms) and equal to the 
greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes so 
redeemed and (y) the sum of the then present values of the 
remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such 
Notes (excluding any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the due date for redemption) discounted to the due date 
for redemption on an annual basis at the Make-Whole Redemption

--- Page 235 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
235 
Rate plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin (the “Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount”). 
Where: 
“Make-Whole Redemption Margin” means the margin as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Rate” means (i) the average of the 
four quotations given by the Reference Dealers of the mid-market 
annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the fourth 
Business Day preceding the due date for redemption at 11:00 a.m. 
(CET) (the “Reference Dealer Quotation”) or (ii) the Reference 
Screen Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Make-
Whole Redemption Rate will be published by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks selected by 
the Calculation Agent (or such other person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) which are primary European government 
security dealers, and their respective successors, or market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues, or such other banks or 
method of selection of such banks as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Reference Screen Rate” means the screen rate as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Security” means the security as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar 
Security will be chosen by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
person specified in the relevant Final Terms) at 11:00 a.m. (CET) 
on the third Business Day preceding the due date for redemption, 
quoted in writing by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and 
published in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds 
issued by the same issuer as the Reference Security having an 
actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term 
of the Notes that would be used, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the 
remaining term of the Notes.

--- Page 236 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
236 
(B) 
Deeply Subordinated Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Deeply 
Subordinated Note shall be the Current Principal Amount. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and 
the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other person specified in the relevant Final Terms) shall (in the absence 
of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(m) Optional Redemption Amounts 
The optional redemption amount payable in respect of a Note, upon redemption of 
such Note, as the case may be, pursuant to Condition 7(e) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer), Condition 7(f) (Clean-up Redemption Option) or Condition 
7(h) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders with respect to Senior Notes), shall 
be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
The Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note shall be determined in the same manner as the Early Redemption 
Amount applicable to Zero Coupon Notes in accordance with Condition 7(l) 
(Early Redemption Amounts). 
(ii) 
Other Notes 
(A) 
Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes 
The Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Senior 
Note or Subordinated Note (other than Zero Coupon Notes described 
in (i) above) shall be, as specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the relevant Final Terms: 
- 
the Optional Redemption Amount, except that the Optional 
Redemption Amount shall not be lower than 100 per cent. of the 
principal amount of the Notes so redeemed; or 
- 
the Make-Whole Redemption Amount. 
(B) 
Deeply Subordinated Notes 
 The Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Deeply 
Subordinated Note shall be the Current Principal Amount. 
(n) 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes for Index Reasons 
If the Notes are Inflation Linked Notes, if an Early Termination Event is deemed to 
have occurred, the Issuer will, upon giving not more than thirty (30) nor less than 
fifteen (15) calendar days' notice to the holders of such Notes in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the relevant Notes at their

--- Page 237 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
237 
outstanding principal amount together with interest accrued but unpaid up to (and 
including) the date of redemption of such Notes. 
8 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré)) be made by transfer to the 
account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for 
the benefit of such Noteholders and (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur)) to an account denominated in the relevant 
currency with a Bank designated by the relevant Noteholder of such Notes. All 
payments validly made to such Account Holders or Bank will be an effective 
discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. For the purpose of this 
Condition 8(a), “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial center of the relevant 
currency (which, in the case of Renminbi, means Hong Kong) or, in the case of 
Euro, in a city in which banks have access to T2. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Notes shall be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of 
payments of Instalment Amounts, other than on the due date for redemption and 
provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Note), 
Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as 
specified in Condition 8(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified 
in Condition 8(f)(vi), as the case may be), at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency 
drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency with, a bank in the principal financial center for that 
currency (which, in the case of Renminbi, means Hong Kong) or, in the case of 
euro, in a city in which banks have access to T2. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes are denominated 
in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer 
shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) 
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded 
by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such 
amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer.

--- Page 238 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
238 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations 
applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 9 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to 
an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto 
(“FATCA”). 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed 
by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. The 
Registration Agent that may be appointed in connection with any issue of 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. The Fiscal Agent and any Paying Agents, Registration 
Agent and Calculation Agent(s) act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of 
the Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent, Registration Agent or Calculation Agent and 
to appoint additional or other Fiscal Agent(s), Paying Agent(s), Calculation Agent(s) 
or Registration Agent(s), provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a 
Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, 
(iii) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities 
one of which, (A) so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext Paris and the rules 
of that exchange so require, shall be Paris and (B) so long as the Notes are listed 
on any other stock exchange and the rules of such stock exchange so require, 
shall be a specified city of the country of such stock exchange, (iv) such other 
agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes may 
be listed and (v) in the case of Materialised Notes, a Paying Agent with a specified 
office in an EU Member State or in the UK. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint and maintain a Paying Agent in New 
York City in respect of any Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the 
circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any change in any agent mentioned in this paragraph or any change of 
any specified office shall promptly be given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and Unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption, Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
which comprise Fixed Rate Notes shall be surrendered for payment together 
with all unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, failing which an 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in 
the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of

--- Page 239 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
239 
such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to 
the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period 
of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether 
or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10 
(Prescription)). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note 
comprising a Floating Rate Note or Index Linked Note, any unmatured 
Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, 
any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note 
that is redeemable in instalments, all Receipts relating to such Note having 
an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative 
unmatured Coupons are to become void upon the due date for redemption 
of those Notes is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, 
and where any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note is presented for 
redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall 
be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may 
require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note is 
not a due date for payment of interest, interest accrued from the preceding 
due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the 
case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if 
appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest 
accrued on a Materialised Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date 
shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the 
relevant Materialised Note. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon 
sheet issued in respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such 
Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in 
exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further 
Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant 
to Condition 10 (Prescription)).

--- Page 240 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
240 
(h) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or, where applicable, Receipt or 
Coupon, is not a business day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until 
the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such 
postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday)  
(A): 
(i) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open 
for business; or  
(ii) 
in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in the relevant Financial Centers (which 
in the case of Renminbi, means Hong Kong);  
and 
(B): 
(i) 
in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro, where payment 
is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the 
relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be 
carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial center of the 
country of such currency (which in the case of Renminbi, means Hong 
Kong); or 
(ii) 
in the case of a payment in euro, which is a TARGET Business Day. 
(i) 
Payments of U.S. Dollar Equivalent 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, if an Inconvertibility, Non-
Transferability or Illiquidity occurs or if Renminbi is otherwise not available to the 
Issuer as a result of circumstances beyond its control and such unavailability has 
been confirmed by a Renminbi Dealer, following which the Issuer is unable to 
satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of RMB 
Notes, the Issuer on giving not less than five nor more than 30-day irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, may settle any such 
payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar 
Equivalent of any such Renminbi denominated amount. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, if the relevant Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity event 
occurs or the Renminbi Dealer's decision is taken within five days before the 
relevant due date for payment then such notice shall be given as soon as 
practicable and whether on or prior to the due date for payment. In such event, 
payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes shall be made by transfer to the U.S. dollar account of the 
relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders.

--- Page 241 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
241 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 
8(i) by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all Noteholders. These provisions may be 
amended or supplemented in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any 
agency or instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the 
regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong. 
“Illiquidity” means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong 
becomes illiquid, other than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-
Transferability, as determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi Dealers. 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for 
the Issuer to convert any amount due in respect of RMB Notes in the general 
Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is 
due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event 
beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible 
for the Issuer to deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an 
account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong, other than where 
such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, 
rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to 
an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“Renminbi Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of 
international repute active in the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong 
reasonably selected by the Issuer. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Agent” means the agent appointed from time to time by 
the Issuer for the determination of the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong and in New York City. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Date” means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation 
Business Days before the due date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount 
under the Conditions.

--- Page 242 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
242 
“RMB Spot Rate” for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot CNY/U.S. 
dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with CNY in the over-the-
counter CNY exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement on the relevant due 
date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent at or around 
11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on such RMB Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable 
basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If such rate is not available, 
the RMB Rate Calculation Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at or around 
11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the RMB Rate Calculation Date as the most recently 
available CNY/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for settlement on the relevant due date 
for payment reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, 
which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page 
on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter 
Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as 
may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency 
exchange rate. 
“U.S. Dollar Equivalent” means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into U.S. 
dollars using the RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as 
calculated by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent. 
9 
Taxation 
(a) 
General provisions 
All payments in respect of the Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, those 
Notes referred to in Condition 9(b) (Additional provisions applicable to Notes 
issued through the Issuer’s London Branch) and any related Receipts and 
Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, 
or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of France, or any 
authority therein or thereof, having the power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes is required by law (“French Withholding”). 
(b) 
Additional provisions applicable to Notes issued through the Issuer’s 
London Branch 
In addition, all payments in respect of Notes issued through the Issuer's London 
Branch and any related Receipts and Coupons shall also be made free and clear 
of, and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of the UK, or any authority therein or thereof, having the power to tax, unless 
the withholding or deduction of such taxes is required by law (“UK Withholding”). 
(c) 
Additional Amounts 
If there is French Withholding or (in the case of Notes issued through the Issuer’s 
London Branch) UK Withholding on any payment of interest in respect of the Notes 
or Coupons relating thereto, the Issuer shall, to the fullest extent then permitted by 
law, pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the holders of 
Notes, or Coupons, after such deduction or withholding, will receive the same

--- Page 243 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
243 
amounts of interest as would have been received by them had no such withholding 
or deduction been required; provided, however, that the Issuer shall not be liable 
to pay any such additional amounts in respect of any payment of interest in 
connection with any Note or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is subject to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Republic of France 
or (in the case of Notes issued through the Issuer’s London Branch) the UK, 
in each case, other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Materialised Notes, presented for payment more than thirty (30) 
days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the Noteholder thereof 
would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting the same 
for payment on or before the thirtieth day of such time period; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Materialised Notes presented for payment by or on behalf of a 
Noteholder who would have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction 
by presenting the relevant Note or Coupon to another Paying Agent in a 
Member State of the European Union or in the UK; or 
(iv) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed pursuant to FATCA; or 
(v) 
where such withholding or deduction would not have been so imposed but 
for the failure by a Noteholder or beneficial owner (or any financial institution 
through which a Noteholder or beneficial owner holds the Notes or through 
which payment on the Notes is made) to comply, following a timely request 
by the Issuer, with any applicable certification, identification, documentation, 
information or other reporting requirement concerning the nationality, 
residence, identity or connection with a Tax Jurisdiction of the Noteholder or 
beneficial owner (or any such financial institution) if, without regard to any tax 
treaty, such compliance is required under the tax laws or regulations of a Tax 
Jurisdiction or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein 
to establish an entitlement to an exemption from such withholding or 
deduction. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no additional amounts shall be payable by the Issuer 
in respect of payment of principal under the Notes. Any additional amounts payable 
shall be considered as interest for purposes of determining whether the total 
amount of interest due exceeds Distributable Items, as provided in Condition 5(l)3. 
(Cancellation of Interest Amounts). 
As used herein, “Tax Jurisdiction” means the Republic of France or any other 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer or any of its successors, following a merger or 
similar event, is or becomes organized or resident for tax purposes, or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority in or of any of the foregoing. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon 
means the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any 
amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which

--- Page 244 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
244 
payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the 
Noteholders of such Materialised Notes that, upon further presentation of the Note, 
and/or any Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment 
will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon, where applicable, such 
presentation. 
10 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, and, where applicable, 
the Receipts and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be 
prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) 
or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of 
them. 
11 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Optional Events of Default in respect of Senior Preferred Notes 
With respect to Senior Preferred Notes, if any of the following events (each, an 
“Event of Default” and together, the “Events of Default”) (provided that one or 
more of such Events of Default are specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms), occurs and is continuing, (i) if the relevant Final Terms specifies either 
“Full Masse” or “Contractual Masse”, the Representative upon request of any 
holder of such Senior Preferred Notes or (ii) if the relevant Final Terms specifies 
“No Masse”, any holder of such Senior Preferred Notes, may give written notice to 
the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Senior Preferred Notes are 
immediately repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Senior 
Preferred Notes determined in accordance with Condition 7(l) (Early Redemption 
Amounts), together in both cases with accrued but unpaid interest thereon (if any) 
to the date of payment, shall become immediately due and payable, unless such 
Event of Default shall have been remedied prior to the receipt of such notice by the 
Fiscal Agent: 
(i)  Non-Payment 
default is made for more than thirty (30) calendar days (in the case of interest) 
or twenty (20) calendar days (in the case of principal) in the payment on the 
due date of interest or principal in respect of such Senior Preferred Notes; or 
(ii)  Breach of Other Obligations 
any obligation of the Issuer relating to such Senior Preferred Notes is not 
fulfilled within a period of sixty (60) calendar days following the date on which 
a written notification requiring the same to be remedied shall have been given 
to the Fiscal Agent by any holder of such Senior Preferred Notes; or

--- Page 245 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
245 
(iii)  Insolvency 
the Issuer applies for or is subject to (i) a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights generally, or (ii) a 
judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the 
Issuer, or (iii) the Issuer is subject to similar proceedings, except in the case 
of a disposal, merger or other reorganisation in which all of or substantially all 
of the Issuer’s assets are transferred to a French legal entity which 
simultaneously assumes all of the Issuer’s debt and liabilities including the 
Senior Preferred Notes and whose main purpose is the continuation of, and 
which effectively continues, the Issuer’s business. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Events of Default are not applicable, 
there will be no events of default under the Senior Preferred Notes which would 
lead to an acceleration of such Notes if certain events occur. However, if any 
judgment were issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer 
or if the Issuer were liquidated for any other reason (liquidation amiable), then the 
Senior Preferred Notes would become immediately due and payable. 
(b) 
No Events of Default in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated 
Notes and Deeply Subordinated Notes 
There are no events of default under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the 
Subordinated Notes or the Deeply Subordinated Notes which would lead to an 
acceleration of such Notes if certain events occur. 
However, if any judgment were issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer were liquidated for any other reason 
(liquidation amiable), then the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Subordinated 
Notes and the Deeply Subordinated Notes would become immediately due and 
payable. 
12 
Representation of Noteholders 
In respect of the representation of the Noteholders, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
Full Masse 
If the relevant Final Terms specify “Full Masse”, the Noteholders will, in respect of 
all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their 
common interests in a masse (in each case, the “Masse”) which will be governed 
by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce as 
completed by the below provisions of this Condition 12(a). 
(i) Legal Personality  
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
representative (the “Representative”) and in part through collective decisions 
of the Noteholders (“Collective Decisions”).

--- Page 246 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
246 
(ii) Representative of the Masse  
Pursuant to Article L.228-51 of the French Code de commerce and unless 
otherwise provided for in the relevant Final Terms, the Representative 
appointed in respect of each Series of Notes is F&S Financial Services, 13 rue 
Oudinot, 75007 Paris, France (the “Primary Appointed Representative”) and 
the alternative representative is Aether Financial Services, 36 rue de Monceau, 
75008 Paris, France (the “Alternate Appointed Representative” and, 
together with the Primary Appointed Representative, the “Appointed 
Representatives”). 
The Representative (either the Appointed Representatives or the 
Representative selected in the Final Terms) will be entitled to such 
remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of 
Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such 
Series.  
In the event of impediment, incapacity (for any reason whatsoever), liquidation, 
dissolution, death, retirement or revocation of the appointment of the Primary 
Appointed Representative, such Representative will be replaced by the 
Alternate Appointed Representative. The Alternate Appointed Representative 
will be entitled to the portion of the aforesaid remuneration corresponding to 
the remaining period of his appointment. In the event of impediment, incapacity 
(for any reason whatsoever), liquidation, dissolution, death, retirement or 
revocation of the appointment of the Alternate Appointed Representative, 
another will be appointed by a Collective Decision. 
(iii) Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the “General 
Meeting”) or by way of a resolution in writing (the “Written Resolution”).  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the 
right of each holder of a Dematerialised Note to participate in Collective 
Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Account 
Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second 
business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
(x) 
General Meetings  
In accordance with Articles L.228-59 and R.228-67 of the French Code 
de commerce, notice of date, time, place and agenda of any General 
Meeting will be published as provided under Condition 16 (Notices) not 
less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of such General 
Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days 
prior to the date of the General Meeting in the case of a second 
convocation.

--- Page 247 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
247 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in 
person, by proxy, by correspondence and, in accordance with Article 
L.228-61 of the French Code de commerce, in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes only, by videoconference or by any other means 
of telecommunication allowing the identification of participating 
Noteholders, as provided mutatis mutandis by Article R.225-97 of the 
French Code de commerce.  
(y) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent  
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in 
respect of any Series of Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be 
entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a 
resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject 
to the following sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one 
document or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on 
behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L.228-46-
1 and R.225-97 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written 
Resolution may also be given by way of electronic communication 
allowing the identification of Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of 
Electronic Consent) will be published as provided under Condition 16 
(Notices) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date fixed 
for the passing of such Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution 
Date”). Notices seeking the approval of a Written Resolution will contain 
the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the 
Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such 
Written Resolution.  
For the purpose hereof, a “Written Resolution” means a resolution in 
writing signed or approved by or on behalf of Noteholders (including by 
Electronic Consent) representing not less than 75 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding. 
(iv) Publication of decisions 
Decisions relating to General Meetings, Written Resolutions and decisions to 
be published pursuant to Articles R.228-61, R.228-79, R.228-80 and R.236-
14 of the French Code de commerce will be published in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Condition 16 (Notices). 
(b) 
Contractual Masse 
In respect of Notes with an initial denomination of at least €100,000 or its equivalent 
in other currencies at the time of the issue or, with respect of Notes issued outside 
of France for the purpose of Article L.228-90 of the French Code de commerce 
and, if the relevant Final Terms specify “Contractual Masse”, the Noteholders will, 
in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence 
of their common interests in a masse (in each case, the “Masse”).

--- Page 248 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
248 
The Masse will be governed by the applicable provisions of the French Code de 
Commerce, in force from time to time with the exception of Articles L.228-48, 
L.228-65 I subparagraph 1°, subparagraph 3°, subparagraph 4° and subparagraph 
6°, L.228-65 II, L.228-71, R.228-63 and R.228-69, and be subject to the following 
provisions: 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
representative (a “Representative”) and in part through collective decisions 
of the Noteholders as further described in Condition 12(b)(iv) (“Collective 
Decisions”). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall 
exercise the common rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future 
may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
(ii) 
Representative of the Masse  
Pursuant to Article L.228-51 of the French Code de commerce and unless 
otherwise provided for in the relevant Final Terms, the Primary Appointed 
Representative in respect of each Series of Notes is F&S Financial Services, 
13 rue Oudinot, 75007 Paris, France and the Alternative Appointed 
Representative is Aether Financial Services, 36 rue de Monceau, 75008 
Paris, France. 
The Representative (either the Appointed Representatives or the 
Representative selected in the Final Terms) will be entitled to such 
remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of 
Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such 
Series.  
In the event of impediment, incapacity (for any reason whatsoever), 
liquidation, dissolution, death, retirement or revocation of the appointment of 
the Primary Appointed Representative, such Representative will be replaced 
by the Alternate Appointed Representative. The Alternate Appointed 
Representative will be entitled to the portion of the aforesaid remuneration 
corresponding to the remaining period of his appointment. In the event of 
impediment, incapacity (for any reason whatsoever), liquidation, dissolution, 
death, retirement or revocation of the appointment of the Alternate Appointed 
Representative, another will be appointed by a Collective Decision.  
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and 
addresses of the Representatives at the head office of the Issuer and the 
specified offices of any of the Paying Agents.

--- Page 249 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
249 
(iii) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall, in the absence of any Collective Decision to the 
contrary, have the power to take all acts of management necessary in order 
to defend the common interests of the Noteholders. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be 
brought by or against the Representative. 
The Representative may not interfere in the management of the affairs of the 
Issuer. 
(iv) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the “General 
Meeting”) or by way of a resolution in writing (the “Written Resolution”).  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the 
right of each holder of Dematerialised Note to participate in Collective 
Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant 
Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the 
second business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the 
relevant Collective Decision. 
(x) General Meetings  
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation either by 
the Board of Directors of the Issuer, or by the legal representative of the 
Issuer or by the Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding 
together at least one-thirtieth of the principal amount of the Notes 
outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a 
demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If such General 
Meeting has not been convened within two months after such demand, 
the Noteholders may commission one of their members to petition a 
competent court in Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call 
the General Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L.228-59 and R.228-67 of the French Code 
de commerce notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General 
Meeting will be published as provided under Condition 16 (Notices) not 
less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General 
Meeting for a first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days 
prior to the date of the General Meeting in the case of a second 
convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in 
person or by proxy, correspondence, and, in accordance with Article 
L.228-61 of the French Code de commerce, in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes only, by videoconference or by any other means 
of telecommunication allowing the identification of participating

--- Page 250 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
250 
Noteholders, as provided mutatis mutandis by Article R.225-97 of the 
French Code de commerce. Each Note carries the right to one vote or, 
in the case of Notes issued with more than one Specified Denomination, 
one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified 
Denomination comprised in the principal amount of the Specified 
Denomination of such Note. 
Powers of the General Meetings 
The General Meeting is empowered to deliberate on the dismissal and 
replacement of the Representative and the alternate Representative and 
also may act with respect to any other matter that relates to the common 
rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue with 
respect to the Notes, including authorising the Representative to act at 
law as plaintiff or defendant. 
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to 
the modification of the Conditions as well as any proposal, whether for 
arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in controversy or which were 
the subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, however, that the 
General Meeting may not increase the liabilities (charges) of 
Noteholders, nor establish any unequal treatment between the 
Noteholders nor decide to convert the Notes into shares. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if 
holders of Notes present or represented hold at least one-fifth of the 
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, 
no quorum shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a 
simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending such General 
Meetings or represented thereat. 
(y) Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Condition 12(a)(iii)(y) (Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent) is 
deemed to be reproduced here. 
(v) 
Publication of decisions 
Decisions of General Meetings, Written Resolutions and decision to be 
published pursuant to Articles R.228-61, R.228-79, R.228-80 and R.236-14 
of the French Code de commerce must be published in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Condition 16 (Notices). 
(c) 
Contractual representation of Noteholders - No Masse 
In respect of Notes with an initial denomination of at least €100,000 or its equivalent 
in other currencies at the time of the issue, and if the relevant Final Terms specify 
“No Masse”, the following meeting and voting provisions together with the following 
rules of interpretation shall apply:

--- Page 251 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
251 
1) references to a “General Meeting” are to a general meeting of 
Noteholders of all Tranches of a single Series of Notes and include, 
unless the context otherwise requires, any adjourned meeting thereof; 
2) references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of one 
or several Series in respect of which a General Meeting has been, or is 
to be, called and to the Notes of one or several Series in respect of which 
a Written Resolution has been, or is to be sought, and to the holders of 
those Notes, respectively;  
3) “Resolution(s)” means a resolution on any of the matters described in 
paragraph (i) to (iii) below passed (x) at a General Meeting in 
accordance with the quorum and voting rules described in paragraph (vi) 
or (y) by a Written Resolution. 
(i) 
General  
Pursuant to Article L.213-6-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier, the 
Noteholders shall not be grouped in a “masse” having separate legal 
personality and acting in part through a representative of the Noteholders 
and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders. However, 
General Meetings of Noteholders shall be governed by the following 
provisions of the French Code de commerce and be subject to the provisions 
of paragraphs (ii) to (viii) of this Condition 12(c): 
1. 
Articles L.228-46-1, L.228-57, L.228-58, L.228-59, L.228-60, L.228-60-
1, L.228-61 (with the exception of the first sentence thereof), L.228-65 I 
(with the exception of subparagraph 1°, subparagraph 3°, subparagraph 
4° and subparagraph 6°), L.228-66, L.228-67, L.228-68, L.228-76, 
L.228-88, R.228-65 to R.228-68 and R.228-70 to R.228-75, of the 
French Code de commerce relating to general meetings of 
Noteholders,and 
2. 
Whenever the words “de la masse”, “d’une même masse”, “par les 
représentants de la masse”, “d’une masse”, “et au représentant de la 
masse”, “de la masse intéressée”, “composant la masse”, “de la masse 
à laquelle il appartient”, “dont la masse est convoquée en assemblée”, 
or “par un représentant de la masse”, appear in the provisions of the 
French Code de commerce relating to General Meetings of Noteholders, 
they shall be deemed to be deleted. 
(ii) 
Powers of General Meetings  
The General Meeting may act with respect to any matter that relates to the 
common rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue 
with respect to the Notes.  
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder is entitled to bring a legal action 
against the Issuer for the defence of its owns interests, such a legal action 
does not require the authorisation of the General Meeting.

--- Page 252 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
252 
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the 
modification of the Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration 
or settlement, relating to rights in controversy or which were the subject of 
judicial decisions, it being specified, however, that the General Meeting may 
not increase the liabilities (charges) of the Noteholders, nor establish any 
unequal treatment between the Noteholders, nor decide to convert Notes 
into shares.  
In accordance with Article 1984 et seq. of the French Code civil, the General 
Meeting may appoint a nominee to file a proof of claim in the name of all 
Noteholders in the event of judicial reorganisation procedure or judicial 
liquidation of the Issuer. Pursuant to Article L.228-85 of the French Code de 
commerce, in the absence of such appointment of a nominee, the judicial 
representative, at its own initiative or at the request of any Noteholder will 
ask the court to appoint a representative of the Noteholders who will file the 
proof of Noteholders’ claim.  
The General Meeting may appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) 
as committee or committees to represent the interests of the Noteholders 
and to confer upon any committee or committees any powers or discretions 
which the Noteholders could themselves exercise by Resolution provided 
that (a) persons who are connected with the Issuer within the meaning of 
Articles L.228-49 and L.228-62 of the Code de commerce and (b) persons 
to whom the practice of banker is forbidden or who have been deprived of 
the right of directing, administering or managing an enterprise in whatever 
capacity may not be so appointed. 
Upon appointment of the committee, and no later than fifteen (15) calendar 
days after such appointment, the person or persons constituting such a 
committee shall send a written notice to the Issuer informing it that such a 
committee has been appointed.  
Upon receipt of this written notice, the Issuer shall give notice of the 
appointment of such a committee to all Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
(iii) 
Convening of a General Meeting  
A General Meeting may be held at any time on convocation by the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer, or by the legal representative of the Issuer. One or 
more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth of the principal 
amount of the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer a demand for 
convocation of the General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been 
convened within two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may 
commission one of their members to petition a competent court in Paris to 
appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting.  
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be 
published as provided under Condition 16 (Notices) not less than fifteen (15)

--- Page 253 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
253 
calendar days prior to the date of such General Meeting on first convocation, 
and five (5) calendar days on second convocation.  
(iv) 
Arrangements for voting  
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, 
by proxy, by correspondence, or by videoconference or by any other means 
of telecommunication allowing the identification of participating Noteholders.  
Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with 
more than one Specified Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple 
of the lowest Specified Denomination comprised in the principal amount of 
the Specified Denomination of such Note. 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the 
right of each Noteholder to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced 
by the entries in the books of the relevant Account Holder of the name of 
such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second business day in Paris 
preceding the date set for the relevant General Meeting.  
(v) 
Chairman  
The Noteholders present at a General Meeting shall elect one of them to be 
chairman (the “Chairman”) by a simple majority of votes present or 
represented at such General Meeting (notwithstanding the absence of a 
quorum at the time of such vote). If the Noteholders fail to designate a 
Chairman, the Noteholder holding or representing the highest number of 
Notes and present at such meeting shall be appointed Chairman, failing 
which the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned 
meeting need not be the same as the Chairman of the original meeting.  
(vi) 
Quorum and voting  
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if 
Noteholders present or represented hold at least one fifth of the principal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum 
shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a simple majority 
of votes cast by Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented 
thereat.  
(vii) Written Resolution and Electronic Consent  
Condition 12(a)(iii)(y) (Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent) is 
deemed to be reproduced here.  
(viii) Effect of Resolutions  
A Resolution passed at a General Meeting, or a Written Resolution shall be 
binding on all Noteholders, whether or not present at the General Meeting 
and whether or not, in the case of a Written Resolution, they have

--- Page 254 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
254 
participated in such Written Resolution and each of them shall be bound to 
give effect to the resolution accordingly. 
(ix) 
Publication of decisions 
Decisions of General Meetings and Written Resolutions must be published 
in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 16 (Notices). 
(d) 
Information to Noteholders 
Each Noteholder or (if there is one) the Representative thereof will have the right, 
during (a) the fifteen (15) calendar day’s period preceding the holding of each 
General Meeting (or preceding the Written Resolution Date in the case of a Written 
Resolution) or (b) the five (5) calendar days period preceding the holding of such 
General Meeting on second convocation, to consult or make a copy of the text of 
the Resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports which will be presented 
at the General Meeting (or submitted in connection with a Written Resolution), all 
of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the 
registered office of the Issuer, at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents 
and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting or the Written 
Resolution. 
(e) 
Expenses 
If "Contractual Masse" or "No Masse" are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse (including 
those incurred by the Representative in the proper performance of their functions 
and duties) or of the contractual representation of the Noteholders, and those 
relating to the calling and holding of General Meetings and seeking the approval of 
a Written Resolution and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved 
upon by the General Meeting, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may 
be imputed against interest payable on the Notes. 
If "Full Masse" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Article L. 228-71 of the 
French Code de commerce shall apply. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
Whether the relevant Final Terms specify “Full Masse” or “Contractual Masse”, the 
Noteholders of the same Series, and the Noteholders of any other Series which 
have been assimilated and/or consolidated with the Notes of such first mentioned 
Series in accordance with Condition 14 (Further Issues), may, for the defence of 
their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The 
Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will 
be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such Series. 
(g) 
One Noteholder 
Whether the Final Terms specify “Full Masse” or “Contractual Masse”, if and for so 
long as the Notes of any Series are held by a single Noteholder and unless a

--- Page 255 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
255 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such sole 
Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse. 
Such sole Noteholder shall hold a register of the decisions it will have taken in this 
capacity, shall provide copies of such decisions to the Issuer and shall make them 
available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of all or part of the Notes of 
such Series.  
(h) 
Miscellaneous 
In addition to any modification or amendement permitted by Condition 5(b) 
(Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and the variation of the determination of the 
Write-Down Amount without the consent of the Noteholders by the definition 
thereof, in accordance with Article L.213-6-3 V of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, the Issuer has the right to amend the Conditions of Notes with an initial 
denomination of at least €100,000, without having to obtain the prior approval of 
the Noteholders, in order to correct a mistake which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature.  
Any modification of the Conditions pursuant to the above may only be made to the 
extent that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator 
and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if required. 
13 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, 
Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange regulations, at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent, as may from time to time be 
designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which 
may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for 
payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid 
to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the 
Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without any requirement fo the consent or approval of 
the holders of the Notes, create and issue further notes to be consolidated (assimilées) 
with such Notes provided such Notes and the further Notes carry rights identical in all 
respects, or in all respects save for the aggregate nominal amount thereof, their Issue 
Date, Interest Commencement Date, Issue Price and/or the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and that the terms of such Notes provide for such 
assimilation, and references in these Conditions to the “Notes” shall be construed 
accordingly.

--- Page 256 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
256 
15 
Waiver of Set-Off 
No holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon may at any time exercise or claim any 
Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or may have or 
acquire against such holder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in 
relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort, whether or not relating 
to such Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) and each such holder shall be deemed to have 
waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in 
relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 15 is intended to provide, or shall 
be construed as acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, 
retention or counterclaim or that any such right is or would be available to any holder of 
any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon but for this Condition 15. 
“Waived Set-Off Rights” means any and all rights of or claims of any holder of any Note, 
Receipt, Coupon or Talon for deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or 
counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any Note, Receipt, 
Coupon or Talon. 
16 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the Noteholders of Dematerialised Notes may be given by delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared. 
In addition, all notices in respect of such Dematerialised Notes shall be published: 
(i) so long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and 
the rules of Euronext Paris so require, (a) in a daily newspaper with general 
circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos) or (b) in accordance with 
Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the Règlement Général of the AMF, and (ii) so long as 
the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market or 
market or stock exchange, in accordance with the rules of such Regulated Market 
or market or stock exchange. 
(b) 
Notices to Noteholders of Materialised Notes will be valid if published, at the option 
of the Issuer: (i) in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe, or (ii) so long 
as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules of 
Euronext Paris so require, (a) in a daily newspaper with general circulation in 
France (which is expected to be Les Echos) or (b) in a daily leading newspaper of 
general circulation in Europe, or (c) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of 
the Règlement Général of the AMF, and (iii) so long as the Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market or market or stock exchange, 
in accordance with the rules of such Regulated Market or market or stock exchange. 
(c) 
If any publication mentioned above is not practicable, notice shall be validly given 
if published in another leading daily English or French language newspaper, as 
applicable, with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or 
on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above.

--- Page 257 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
257 
(d) 
Notices to the Noteholders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au 
nominatif) shall be deemed to be validly given if, at the option of the Issuer and in 
substitution for the publication required by paragraph (a), they are mailed to them 
at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth weekday after the mailing, provided that the Issuer shall ensure 
that notices are daily published in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Any notice given to the Noteholders in accordance with Article R.228-79, 
paragraph 1, of the French Code de Commerce and this Condition shall be deemed 
to constitute the “insertion” referred to in Article R.228-79, paragraph 2, of the 
French Code de Commerce. 
17 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes and, where applicable, Receipts, Coupons and Talons, are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes and, where applicable, 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons, may be brought before the competent courts within 
the jurisdiction of the registered office of the Issuer. 
18 
Statutory Write-Down or Conversion 
(a) 
Acknowledgement 
Notwithstanding any other term of a given Series of Notes or any other agreement, 
arrangement or understanding between the Issuer and the holders of any Note, by 
its acquisition of any of Note, each Noteholder (which for the purposes of this 
Condition 18 includes each holder of a beneficial interest in any Note) 
acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees: 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, which may include and result 
in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
a) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on a permanent 
basis; 
b) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person 
(and the issue to the holder of the Notes of such shares, securities or 
obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or 
variation of the terms of such Notes, in which case the holder of such 
Notes agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under such Notes any such

--- Page 258 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
258 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another 
person;  
c) 
the cancellation of the Notes; 
d) the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment 
of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which 
the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; and 
(ii) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, 
to give effect to, the exercise of the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority.  
“Amounts Due” means, (i) with respect to the Deeply Subordinated Notes, the 
Current Principal Amount of such Notes and any accrued and unpaid interest 
thereon and (ii) with respect to Notes other than Deeply Subordinated Notes, the 
outstanding principal amount of such Notes and any accrued and unpaid interest 
thereon. 
“Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any power existing from time to 
time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in France, 
relating to the transposition of the BRRD, including, without limitation, pursuant 
to the BRRD Implementation Decree Laws, the Single Resolution Mechanism 
Regulation, or otherwise arising under French law, and in each case the 
instructions, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which the 
obligations of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be 
reduced (in part or in whole), cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or 
otherwise modified in any way, or securities of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate 
of such Regulated Entity) can be converted into shares, other securities, or other 
obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other person, whether in connection 
with the implementation of the Bail-in Tool following placement in resolution or of 
write-down or conversion powers before a resolution proceeding is initiated or 
without a resolution proceeding, or otherwise. 
“Regulated Entity” means any entity referred to in Section I of Article L.613-34 
of the French Code monétaire et financier as modified from time to time, which 
includes certain credit institutions, investment firms, and certain of their parent or 
holding companies established in France. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest and other outstanding amounts due 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be 
paid after the exercise of the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer unless, at the time such repayment 
or payment, respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or payment 
would be permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in 
effect in France and the European Union applicable to the Issuer or other members 
of the Crédit Agricole Group.

--- Page 259 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
259 
(c) 
No Event of Default 
Neither a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts 
Due, the conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or 
another person, as a result of the exercise of the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of 
the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with 
respect to the Notes will be an event of default or otherwise constitute non-
performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the holder of such Notes to any 
remedies (including equitable remedies) which are hereby expressly waived. 
(d) 
Notice to Noteholders 
Upon the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, the Issuer will make available a 
written notice to the holders of such Notes in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) 
as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Fiscal Agent for 
informational purposes, although the Fiscal Agent shall not be required to send 
such notice to the holders of such Notes. 
Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and 
enforceability of the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers nor the effects on the Notes 
described in this Condition 18. 
(e) 
Duties of the Agents  
Upon the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, (a) the Agents shall not be required to take any directions 
from holders of Notes, and (b) the Agency Agreement shall impose no duties upon 
any of the Agents whatsoever, in each case with respect to the exercise of any 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following the completion of the exercise of the 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, any Notes 
of a Series remain outstanding (for example, if the exercise of the Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers results in only a partial write-down of the principal of the Notes 
of that Series), then the Fiscal Agent’s duties under the Agency Agreement shall 
remain applicable with respect to such Notes following such completion to the 
extent that the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent shall agree pursuant to an amendment 
to the Agency Agreement. 
(f) 
Proration 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers with respect to less than the total Amounts Due, unless any of the Agents 
is otherwise instructed by the Issuer or the Relevant Resolution Authority, any 
cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the relevant Series of Notes 
pursuant to the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers will be made on a pro-rata basis.

--- Page 260 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
260 
(g) 
Conditions Exhaustive 
The matters set forth in this Condition 18 (Statutory Write-Down or Conversion) 
shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion of any other 
agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Issuer and any holder 
of Notes.

--- Page 261 ---
261 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF 
MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A temporary global certificate in bearer form, without interest Coupons attached (a “Temporary 
Global Certificate”), will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Bearer Notes. Upon the 
initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
credit the accounts of each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount 
thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The above mentioned common depositary may also credit a nominal amount of Notes to the 
accounts of subscribers with (if specified in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through 
direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing 
systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited with any other clearing 
system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge 
to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(A) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in 
compliance with the TEFRA C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in 
whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes and 
(B) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in (a 
form of which shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance 
with the TEFRA D Rules, a holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect 
any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon 
due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Note is improperly withheld or refused. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such 
Temporary Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary 
Global Certificate, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal 
amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. In this Base 
Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes means, in relation to any Temporary Global 
Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may 
be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of 
interest or Instalment Amounts that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate 
and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will be security printed in accordance with any

--- Page 262 ---
Temporary global certificates issued in respect of 
materialised bearer notes 
262 
applicable legal and requirements of the Regulated Market. Forms of such Definitive Bearer 
Materialised Notes shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agent(s). 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the first Business Day falling 
on or after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any 
further Materialised Notes are issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition 13, the Exchange Date 
shall be postponed to the first Business Day falling on or after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days 
after the issue of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 263 ---
263 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms for each Tranche of the Notes with a denomination of at least EUR 100,000 or less 
than EUR 100,000 to be issued pursuant to the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” will contain 
such of the following information (which may be modified in relation to any particular issue of the 
Notes by agreement between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer(s)) as is applicable 
in respect of such Notes (all references to numbered Conditions being to the relevant Conditions in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”). 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 19 of 
the Guidelines published by ESMA on 3 August 2023 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
OR 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 
19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 3 August 2023 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as 
defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")[, provided that, with respect to retail clients 
only, they possess sufficient knowledge and experience to be considered sophisticated investors 
and have sufficient financial capacity and an appropriate investment horizon and risk tolerance]; 
EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels 
for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the

--- Page 264 ---
Form of Final Terms  
264 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/ 
and] portfolio management[,/ and] [non-advised sales] [and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), 
and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales 
and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to 
retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised 
sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]] 
[IMPORTANT – PRIIPs – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")/MiFID II]; (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the [Directive (EU) 2016/97/Insurance Distribution Directive], as amended, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.]12 
 
12 Legend to be included if the Notes may constitute “packaged” products under the PRIIPs Regulation and no key information document 
(KID) will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.

--- Page 265 ---
Form of Final Terms  
265 
[IMPORTANT: PRIIPs – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the [Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”)/FSMA] and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97/the Insurance 
Distribution Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation.]13  
[Notification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore – 
The Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined 
in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore).]14 
OR 
[Notification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore – 
The Notes are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore).]15 
Where interest, discount income, early redemption fee or, redemption premium is derived from any 
of the Notes by any person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any operations in 
Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption available for 
qualifying debt securities (subject to certain conditions) under the Income Tax Act 1947 of Singapore 
(the “ITA”), shall not apply if such person acquires such Notes using the funds and profits of such 
person’s operations through a permanent establishment in Singapore. Any person whose interest, 
discount income, early redemption fee or redemption premium derived from the Notes is not exempt 
from tax (including for the reasons described above) shall include such income in a return of income 
made under the ITA.16
 
13  
Legend to be included if the Notes may constitute “packaged” products under the PRIIPs Regulation and no key information 
document (KID) will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified. 
14  
Legend to be included if the Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products, as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
15  
Legend to be included if the Notes are prescribed capital markets products, as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
16 
Legend to be included only if the Notes are intended to be qualifying debt securities for the purposes of the Income Tax Act 1947 
of Singapore.

--- Page 266 ---
Form of Final Terms  
266 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[Logo] 
Crédit Agricole S.A. 
[acting through its London Branch] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 969500TJ5KRTCJQWXH05 
 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Series No: [●] 
Tranche No: [●] 
[Brief description and Amount of Notes] 
Issued by: Crédit Agricole S.A. [acting through its London Branch] (the “Issuer”) 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so[: 
(i) 
in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction mentioned in Paragraph [9] of Part B below, 
provided such person is [an Authorised Offeror] specified in that paragraph and that 
such offer is made during the Offer Period specified for such purpose therein; or 
(ii) 
otherwise]17 in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each 
case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of 
Notes in any other circumstances. 
[Retail investors are only eligible to subscribe for Senior Non-Preferred Notes if they possess 
sufficient knowledge and experience to be considered sophisticated investors and have sufficient 
financial capacity and an appropriate investment horizon and risk tolerance.]  
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129, as amended. 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus. The last day of validity of the Base Prospectus is 4 April 2026. The succeeding 
base prospectus will be published on the website of the Issuer at [•].]18 
 
 
 
17 
Include this wording where a Non-Exempt Offer of Notes is anticipated. 
18  
Include this wording in the event of an offer of securities to the public will continue after the expiration of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 267 ---
Form of Final Terms  
267 
Part A – Contractual Terms 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set 
forth in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” in the base prospectus dated [●] 2025 which has 
received approval no. 25-[●] from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on [●] 2025 [and 
the supplement[s] to it dated [●] which [has/have] received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]] 
and which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
(the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. [A summary of the issue of 
the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]19 The Base Prospectus is available for viewing [on the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.credit-agricole.com/finance/dette-et-notations/emissions-
marche/credit-agricole-s.a.-emissions-marche) / on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org)].  
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue, which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus or an Offering Circular with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date] [which has received approval 
no. 25-[●] from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on [●]] [and the supplement[s] to it 
dated [●] [which [has/have] received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]] (the “Original Base 
Prospectus”) which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated [•] 2025 which has 
received approval no. 25-[●] from the AMF on [●] 2025]. This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must 
be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated [●] 2025 which has received approval no. 25-
[●] from the AMF on [●] 2025 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [●] which [have/has] received 
approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”), save in respect of the Conditions 
which are found in the Original Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Conditions and the 
Base Prospectus. [A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]20 The 
Original Base Prospectus and the Base Prospectus are available for viewing on the website of the 
Issuer 
(https://www.credit-agricole.com/finance/dette-et-notations/emissions-marche/credit-
agricole-s.a.-emissions-marche), on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org)].  
 
 
 
19 
Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.  
20 
Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 268 ---
Form of Final Terms  
268 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1.  
Issuer: 
Crédit Agricole S.A. [acting through its 
London Branch] 
2. 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable] / [The Notes will be 
consolidated (assimilées), form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes 
with 
the 
existing 
[insert 
description of the Series] issued by the 
Issuer on [insert date/Issue Date of this 
Tranche (the “Exchange Date”).]] 
3. 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4. 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5. 
 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (in the case of fungible issues only if 
applicable)] 
6. 
 
Specified Denomination: 
[●]  
[Note: Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be 
issued with a minimum denomination of 
€50,00021] 
7. 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
8. 
 
Maturity Date: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] [specify date or (for 
Floating Rate Notes) the Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month 
and 
year. 
In 
the 
case 
of 
Subordinated Notes, the Maturity Date 
shall be at least five years after the Issue 
Date. In the case of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, the Maturity Date shall be a day 
falling one year after the Issue Date. In the 
case of Undated Subordinated Notes, 
Undated Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
 
21  
Pursuant to the French Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 relative au régime de résolution dans le secteur bancaire dated 21 December 
2020, Article L.613-30-3-I-4° of the French Monetary and Financial Code was amended to implement Article 44 bis of the BRRD 
and provide that any such debt securities issued as from 28 December 2020 shall be issued with a minimum denomination of at 
least €50,000.

--- Page 269 ---
Form of Final Terms  
269 
Deeply Subordinated Notes, there is no 
fixed maturity] 
9. 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate][(Resettable)] 
[[[●] / EURIBOR / SONIA / SOFR / 
SARON / TONA / CORRA or other 
reference rate basis] +/– [●] per 
cent.][Floating Rate]  
[Zero Coupon] 
[CMS Linked] 
[Inflation Linked] 
[Fixed / Floating Rate notes] 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 
[●] below) 
10. 
 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [100] per 
cent. of their nominal amount 
[The Final Redemption Amount should be 
equal to or more than 100 per cent.] 
[Not Applicable] [in the case of Undated 
Subordinated Notes, Undated Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Deeply Subordinated 
Notes] 
11. 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating 
rate change occurs or refer to paragraphs 
15 and 16 below and identify there] 
12. 
 
Noteholder Put/Issuer Call: 
[Noteholder Put (only for Senior Notes)] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 
[●] below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
 
Status: 
[Senior Preferred Notes / Senior Non-
Preferred Notes / Subordinated Notes / 
Deeply Subordinated Notes] 
14. 
 
Dates of the corporate authorisations 
for issuance of the Notes: 
Resolutions of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer dated [●] (in the case of syndicated 
issue only) [and the décision d’émission 
dated [●]] (in the case of non syndicated 
issue only) [and the Final Terms which 
constitute the décision d’émission] 
Provisions Relating to Interest (if any) Payable 
15. 
 
Fixed Rate Note: 
[Applicable [from (and including) the [Issue 
Date/ [●]] to (but excluding) [[●]/the Maturity 
Date]]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 270 ---
Form of Final Terms  
270 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other [specify]] 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date] / 
[[●] per cent. per annum from (and 
including) [●], to (but excluding) [●], and [●] 
per cent. per annum from (and including) 
[●], to (but excluding) [●]]][Resettable] / 
[[●] per cent. per annum from (and 
including) [●], to (but excluding) [●]][Fixed 
/ Floating Rate Notes] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [in each year] [from (and including) [●] 
up to (and including) [●]] [adjusted in 
accordance with [Floating Rate Business 
Day Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business 
Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention] and any applicable Business 
Center(s) for the definition of “Business 
Day”] 
 
(iii) 
[Business Centre(s): 
[●]] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: [●] 
per 
[Note 
of 
[●]] 
Specified 
Denomination (in the case of a long or short 
first/last coupon) [payable on each Interest 
Payment Date, except for the amount 
payable in respect of the [[first/last] short / 
[first/last] long] Interest Accrual Period 
beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date / [●] and ending on 
(but excluding) the Interest Payment Date 
falling on [[●] / the Maturity Date which shall 
be the Broken Amount]  
 
(v) 
Broken Amount([s]): 
[Not Applicable / [●] per [Note of [●]] 
Specified 
Denomination 
in 
nominal 
amount, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [●]] 
 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual] 
/ 
[Actual/365-FBF] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)-FBF] / [Actual/360] / 
[Actual/360-FBF] / [30/360] / [360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / [30/360-FBF] / [30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[30E/360-FBF] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]] 
[adjusted/not adjusted]

--- Page 271 ---
Form of Final Terms  
271 
 
(vii) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] [in each year] (insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)) 
 
(viii) 
Resettable Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other [specify]] 
in arrear 
 
– 
First Margin: 
[[+/-][●] per cent. [[per annum]/[on a [semi-
annual/quarterly/[●]] basis]] [●] ] 
 
– 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[[+/-][●] per cent. [[per annum]/on a [semi-
annual/quarterly/[●]] basis] [●]] / Not 
Applicable / as First Margin] 
 
– 
First Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Second Reset Date: 
[[●] / Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Date(s): 
[[●] [and [●]] / Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reset 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] (specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
 
– 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[CMT Rate / CMT Rate (JGB) / Mid-Swap 
Rate / Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate / 
Reference Government Bond Rate / 
Sterling Reference Bond Rate] [(subject to 
the Reset Reference Rate being converted, 
where applicable, to [[an annualised]/[•]] 
rate)] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
– 
[Quarterly Basis Screen 
Page: 
[●]] (only if Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate 
is selected) 
 
– 
[Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●]] (Only if Mid-Swap Rate or Semi-
Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate is selected)  
 
– 
[Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[●]] (Only if Mid-Swap Rate is selected) 
 
– 
[CMT Rate Maturity: 
[●]] (Only if CMT Rate or CMT Rate (JGB) 
is selected) 
 
– 
[CMT 
Rate 
Screen 
Page: 
[H15T5Y/H15T1Y/[●]]] (Only if CMT Rate 
is selected)

--- Page 272 ---
Form of Final Terms  
272 
 
– 
[Reference 
Government Bond: 
[●]] (Only if Reference Government Bond 
Rate is selected) 
 
– 
[Reference 
Government 
Bond 
Rate:  
 
[Dealer Quotations Reference Government 
Bond Rate / Screen Page Reference 
Government 
Bond 
Rate]] 
(Only 
if 
Reference Government Bond Rate is 
selected) 
 
– 
[Reference 
Government 
Bond 
Dealers: 
[[●] as per Condition 5(a)(ii) (indicate the 
person in charge of selecting the Reference 
Government Bond Dealers, if not the 
Calculation Agent) / [●] (insert the banks 
selected as Reference Government Bond 
Dealers of such banks, if applicable)/Not 
Applicable]] 
(Only 
if 
Reference 
Government Bond Rate is selected)  
 
– 
[Sterling 
Reference 
Bond Rate:  
 
[Dealer Quotations Reference Government 
Bond Rate / Screen Page Sterling 
Reference Bond Rate/Not Applicable]] 
(Only if Sterling Reference Bond Rate is 
selected) 
 
– 
First 
Reset 
Period 
Fallback: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Reset 
Reference Rate and 
related determination in 
respect of the Notes 
and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
16. 
 
Floating Rate Note: 
[Applicable [from (and including) the [Issue 
Date/ [●]] to (but excluding) [[●]/the Maturity 
Date]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(Specify if more than one floating rate is to 
be determined and repeat sub-paragraph 
16, for each such rate) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●]  
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] [in each year] [from (and including) [●] 
to 
(but 
excluding) 
[●]], 
[subject 
to 
adjustment in accordance with the Floating 
Rate Business Day Convention / Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified

--- Page 273 ---
Form of Final Terms  
273 
Following Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention]] 
 
(iii) 
First 
Interest 
Payment 
Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [[●] in each year [from 
(and including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]], 
subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in 
(v) below] (Not applicable unless different 
from Interest Payment Dates) 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention / No 
Adjustment Business Day Convention] 
 
(vi) 
Business Center(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination/FBF Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent): 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[●] (specify EURIBOR, SOFR, SONIA, 
€STR, SARON, TONA, CORRA or other 
reference rate) 
 
– 
Benchmark: 
[●] (Only applicable in the case of SOFR, 
SONIA, SARON, TONA, CORRA or other 
reference rate, specify the applicable 
Benchmark in respect thereto) 
 
– 
Relevant Inter-Bank 
Market: 
[●] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page 
Time: 
[●] 
 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date: 
[●] [[TARGET] Business Day(s) in [specify 
city] 
for 
[specify 
currency]] 
/ 
[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day(s) (if 
SOFR)] / [London Banking Day(s) (if 
SONIA)] / [Zurich Banking Day(s) (if 
SARON)] / [Tokyo Banking Day(s) (if

--- Page 274 ---
Form of Final Terms  
274 
TONA)] / [[2/specify other] BoC Banking 
Day(s) (if CORRA)] prior to [the first day in 
each Interest Accrual Period/each Interest 
Payment 
Date/each 
Interest 
Period/ 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
– 
[SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / The day that is the 
[second/[•]] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in relation to the relevant Interest] 
(Only applicable in the case of SOFR 
Arithmetic Mean or SOFR Compound with 
Payment Delay)] 
(If SOFR is not applicable, delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
– 
[SONIA Rate Cut-Off 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / The day that is the 
[second/[•]] London Banking Day prior to 
the Interest Payment Date in relation to the 
relevant Interest] (Only applicable in the 
case of SONIA Compound with Payment 
Delay)] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
this 
sub-
paragraph) 
 
– 
[SARON Rate Cut-Off 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / The day that is the 
[second/[•]] Zurich Banking Day prior to the 
Interest Payment Date in relation to the 
relevant Interest] (Only applicable in the 
case of SARON Compound with Payment 
Delay)]  
(If SARON is not applicable, delete this 
sub-paragraph) 
 
– 
[TONA Rate Cut-Off 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / The day that is the 
[second/[•]] Tokyo Banking Day prior to the 
Interest Payment Date in relation to the 
relevant Interest] (Only applicable in the 
case of TONA Compound with Payment 
Delay)] 
(If TONA is not applicable, delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
– 
[Lookback Days: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s) (if SOFR 
Compound with Lookback) / [●] London 
Banking Day(s) (if SONIA Compound with 
Lookback) / [●] Zurich Banking Day(s) (if 
SARON Compound with Lookback) / [●] 
Tokyo Banking Day(s) (if TONA Compound 
with Lookback)] / [●] TARGET Business 
Day(s) 
(if 
€STR 
Compound 
with

--- Page 275 ---
Form of Final Terms  
275 
Lookback)] (Only applicable in the case of 
SOFR Compound with Lookback, SONIA 
Compound 
with 
Lookback, 
SARON 
Compound 
with 
Lookback, 
TONA 
Compound with Lookback or €STER)] 
 
– 
[Observation Shift 
Days: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s) (if SOFR 
Compound with Observation period Shift) / 
[●] London Banking Day(s) (if SONIA 
Compound with Observation Period Shift) / 
[●] Zurich Banking Day(s) (if SARON 
Compound with Observation Shift) / [●] 
Tokyo Banking Day(s) (if TONA Compound 
with Observation Shift) / [2/specify other] 
BoC Banking Day(s) (if CORRA Compound 
(daily) ) / [●] TARGET Business Day(s) (if 
€STR Compound with Observation Shift]] 
 
– 
[Relevant Number: 
[Not Applicable / [5/specify other ] London 
Banking 
Day(s) 
(if 
SONIA 
Index 
Determination) / [●] Zurich Banking Day(s) 
(if SAION Index Determination)/ [2/specify 
other] BoC Banking Day(s) (if CORRA 
Index Determination)] (Only applicable in 
the case of SONIA Index Determination, 
SAION Index Determination or CORRA 
Index Determination)] 
 
– 
[Interest Accrual 
Period End Dates: 
[Not Applicable / each date falling [●] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day(s) / 
[●] London Banking Day(s) / [●] Zurich 
Banking Day(s) / [●] Tokyo Banking Day(s) 
after the Interest Commencement Date in 
relation to the first Interest Accrual Period 
or after the previous Interest Accrual Period 
End Date thereafter] (Only applicable in the 
case of SOFR Compound with Payment 
Delay, SONIA Compound with Payment 
Delay, SARON Compound with Payment 
Delay or TONA Compound with Payment 
Delay)] 
 
– 
[Interest Payment 
Delay: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s) / [●] London 
Banking Day(s) / [●] Zurich Banking Day(s) 
/ 
[●] 
Tokyo 
Banking 
Day(s)] (Only 
applicable in the case of SOFR Compound 
with Payment Delay, SONIA Compound 
with Payment Delay, SARON Compound 
with Payment Delay or TONA Compound 
with Payment Delay)]

--- Page 276 ---
Form of Final Terms  
276 
 
– 
[SOFR Index Start: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government 
Securities 
Business 
Day(s)] 
(Only 
applicable in the case of SOFR Index 
Average)] 
(If SOFR is not applicable, delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
– 
[SOFR Index End: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government 
Securities 
Business 
Day(s)] 
(Only 
applicable in the case of SOFR Index 
Average)] 
(If SOFR is not applicable, delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
– 
[SAION Index Start: 
[Not Applicable / [●] Zurich Banking Day(s)] 
(Only applicable in the case of SAION 
Index Determination)] 
(If SAION is not applicable, delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
– 
[SAION Index End: 
[Not Applicable / [●] Zurich Banking Day(s)] 
(Only applicable in the case of SAION 
Index Determination)] 
(If SAION is not applicable, delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
– 
[SONIA Index Start: 
[Not Applicable / [●] London Banking 
Day(s)] (Only applicable in the case of 
SONIA Index Determination)] 
(If SONIA is not applicable, delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
– 
[SONIA Index End: 
[Not Applicable / [●] London Banking 
Day(s)] (Only applicable in the case of 
SONIA Index Determination)] 
(If SONIA is not applicable, delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
ISDA Definitions:  
[2006/2021] ISDA Definitions 
 
– 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[●] 
(Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option 
included in the Floating Rate Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions if 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply)) 
 
– 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
(Only relevant where the relevant Floating 
Rate Option is not a risk-free rate)

--- Page 277 ---
Form of Final Terms  
277 
 
[– 
Fixing Day: 
[●]/As 
specified 
in 
the 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions (Only relevant where the 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply)] 
 
[– 
Fixing Time: 
[●]/As 
specified 
in 
the 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions (Only relevant where the 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply)] 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Compounding 
 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– Compounding 
Method 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days/As specified in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions]]  
 
[Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days/As specified in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]]  
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business 
Days/As specified in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
– 
Averaging 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– Averaging 
Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days/As specified in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions]]  
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days/As specified in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]]  
[Averaging with Lockout

--- Page 278 ---
Form of Final Terms  
278 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business 
Days/As specified in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
– 
Index Provisions 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– Index Method 
Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days/As specified in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[– 
Unscheduled 
Holiday 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Only include 
where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply)] 
 
[– 
Interest Accrual 
Period End Date / 
Maturity Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Only include 
where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply)] 
 
[– 
Non-Representative [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Only include 
where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply)] 
 
[– 
Successor 
Benchmark 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Only include 
where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply – If 
not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)] 
 
[– Successor 
Benchmark 
Effective Date: 
[●]]  
 
 
(xi) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Floating Rate: 
[●] 
 
– 
Floating Rate: 
Determination Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
FBF Definitions (if 
different from those 
set out in the 
Conditions): 
[●] 
 
(xii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable / the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation

--- Page 279 ---
Form of Final Terms  
279 
(specify for each short or long interest 
period)] 
 
(xiii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. [[per annum] ]/on a 
[semi-annual/quarterly/[●]] basis] [●] 
 
(xiv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]. Condition 5(i) shall apply] 
 
(xv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]. Condition 5(i) shall apply] 
 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual / Actual] / [Actual / 365-FBF] / 
[Actual / Actual-ISDA] / [Actual / 365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual / 365 (Fixed)-FBF] / 
[Actual / 360] / [Actual / 360-FBF] / [30/360] 
/ [360/360] / [Bond Basis] / [30/360-FBF] / 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 
(ISDA)] / [30E/360-FBF] / [Actual/Actual-
ICMA] / [As specified in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions]] [adjusted / not adjusted]  
(If 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, Day Count 
Fraction should be as specified in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as applicable)) 
17. 
 
Zero Coupon Note: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(Not available for Undated Subordinated 
Notes, Undated Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Deeply Subordinated Notes) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[[●] per cent. per annum/as per Condition 
7(l)(i)] 
 
(ii) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption: 
[●] 
18. 
 
CMS Linked Note: 
[Applicable [from (and including) the [Issue 
Date/ [●]] to (but excluding) [[●]/the 
Maturity Date]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] [in each year] [from (and including) [●] 
to 
(but 
excluding) 
[●]], 
[subject 
to 
adjustment in accordance with the Floating 
Rate Business Day Convention / Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention]] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day

--- Page 280 ---
Form of Final Terms  
280 
Convention/No Adjustment Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(iv) 
Business Center(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [[●] in each year [from 
(and including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]] , 
subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in 
(iii) above] (Not applicable unless different 
from Interest Payment Dates) 
 
(vii) 
Applicable formula to be 
used for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount: 
[Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor x [CMS 
Rate1 – CMS Rate2]/[Rate of Interest = 
Gearing Factor x [CMS Rate + Margin]] 
 
(viii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/●] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Reference Rate(s): 
[CMS Rate: [●]]/[CMS Rate1: [●]] 
 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date: 
[[●] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify 
city] for [specify currency] prior to [the first 
day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/each 
Interest 
Period/ Interest Payment Date]] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: [●] 
 
(x) 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Reference Rate(s): 
[CMS Rate2: [●]] 
 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date: 
[[●] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify 
city] for [specify currency] prior to [the first 
day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Interest Payment Date]] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: [●]] 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 281 ---
Form of Final Terms  
281 
 
– 
ISDA Definitions:  
[2006/2021] ISDA Definitions 
 
– 
Floating Rate 
Option(s): 
[CMS Rate: [●]]/[CMS Rate1: [●]] 
(Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option 
included in the Floating Rate Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions if 
2021 ISDA Definitions apply)) 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
(Only relevant where the relevant Floating 
Rate Option is not a risk-free rate) 
 
[– Fixing Day: 
[●]/As 
specified 
in 
the 
2021 ISDA 
Definitions (Only relevant where the 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply)] 
 
[– Fixing Time: 
[●]/As 
specified 
in 
the 
2021 ISDA 
Definitions (Only relevant where the 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply)] 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Compounding 
 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Compounding 
Method 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days/As specified in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions]]  
 
[Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days/As specified in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]]  
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business 
Days/As specified in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
– 
Averaging 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback

--- Page 282 ---
Form of Final Terms  
282 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days/As specified in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions]]  
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days/As specified in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]]  
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business 
Days/As specified in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
– 
Index Provisions 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Index Method 
Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days/As specified in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[– Unscheduled Holiday 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Only include 
where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply)] 
 
[– Interest Accrual Period 
End Date / Maturity 
Date adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Only include 
where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply)] 
 
[– Non-Representative 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Only include 
where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply)] 
 
[– Successor Benchmark 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Only include 
where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply – If 
not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)] 
 
[– 
Successor 
Benchmark 
Effective Date: 
[●]]  
 
 
(xii) 
[ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
ISDA Definitions:  
[2006/2021] ISDA Definitions]

--- Page 283 ---
Form of Final Terms  
283 
 
– 
Floating Rate 
Option(s): 
[CMS Rate2: [●]] 
(Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option 
included in the Floating Rate Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions if 
2021 ISDA Definitions apply)) 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
(Only relevant where the relevant Floating 
Rate Option is not a risk-free rate) 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
[– Fixing Day: 
[●]/As 
specified 
in 
the 
2021 ISDA 
Definitions (Only relevant where the 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply)] 
 
[– Fixing Time: 
[●]/As 
specified 
in 
the 
2021 ISDA 
Definitions (Only relevant where the 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply)] 
 
– 
Compounding 
 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Compounding 
Method 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days/As specified in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions]]  
[Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days/As specified in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]]  
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business 
Days/As specified in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
– 
Averaging 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days/As specified in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions]]  
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift

--- Page 284 ---
Form of Final Terms  
284 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days/As specified in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]]  
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business 
Days/As specified in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
– 
Index Provisions 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Index Method 
Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days/As specified in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[– Unscheduled Holiday 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Only include 
where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply)] 
 
[– Interest Accrual Period 
End Date / Maturity 
Date adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Only include 
where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply)] 
 
[– Non-Representative 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Only include 
where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply)] 
 
[– Successor Benchmark 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Only include 
where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply – If 
not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)] 
 
[– 
Successor 
Benchmark 
Effective Date: 
[●]]  
 
 
(xiii) 
Gearing Factor: 
[●] 
 
(xiv) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. [[per annum] ]/on a [semi-
annual/quarterly/[●]] basis] [●] 
 
(xv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]. Condition 5(i) shall apply] 
 
(xvi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]. Condition 5(i) shall apply] 
 
(xvii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual / Actual] / [Actual / 365-FBF] / 
[Actual / Actual-ISDA] / [Actual / 365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual / 365 (Fixed)-FBF] /

--- Page 285 ---
Form of Final Terms  
285 
[Actual / 360] / [Actual / 360-FBF] / [30/360] 
/ [360/360] / [Bond Basis] / [30/360-FBF] / 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 
(ISDA)] / [30E/360-FBF] / [Actual/Actual-
ICMA ] / [As specified in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions]] [adjusted / not adjusted]  
(If 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, Day Count 
Fraction should be as specified in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as applicable)) 
 
(xviii) 
Conditional Rate of Interest: [Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(if applicable, specify applicable Interest 
Periods and minimum pre-determined rate) 
19. 
 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[HICP/CPI] 
 
(ii) 
Formula: 
[[Rate of Interest = Max [Gearing Factor x 
(HICPm-x, / HICPm-y - 1) + Margin ; 0.00%]] 
/ [Rate of Interest = Min [Max [Gearing 
Factor x (HICPm-x, / HICPm-y - 1) + Margin ; 
0.00%]; Cap]] / [Rate of Interest = Max 
[Gearing Factor x (CPIm-x, / CPIm-y - 1) + 
Margin ; 0.00%]] / [Rate of Interest = Min 
[Max [Gearing Factor x (CPIm-x, / CPIm-y - 1) 
+ Margin ; 0.00%]; Cap]] 
 
(iii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/●] 
 
(iv) 
Gearing Factor: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
x: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
y: 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Cap: 
[[●] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. [[per annum]/on a [semi-
annual/quarterly/[●]] basis] [●] 
 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]. Condition 5(i) shall apply] 
 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]. Condition 5(i) shall apply] 
 
(xi) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(xii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
[●] 
 
(xiv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day

--- Page 286 ---
Form of Final Terms  
286 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(xv) 
Business Center(s): 
[●] 
 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual / Actual] / [Actual / 365-FBF] / 
[Actual / Actual-ISDA] / [Actual / 365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual / 365 (Fixed)-FBF] / 
[Actual / 360] / [Actual / 360-FBF] / [30/360] 
/ [360/360] / [Bond Basis] / [30/360-FBF] / 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 
(ISDA)] / [30E/360-FBF] / [Actual/Actual-
ICMA]] [adjusted / not adjusted] 
 
Provisions Relating to Redemption 
20. 
 
Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Call): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] (in the case of Subordinated Notes and 
Deeply Subordinated Notes, the first 
Optional Redemption Date shall be set in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 
7(k) (Additional conditions to redemption or 
purchase and cancellation of Subordinated 
Notes and Deeply Subordinated Notes)) 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note 
and method, if any, of 
calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
/ [●] per Note of [●] in nominal amount / 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount / Current 
Principal Amount (in the case of Deeply 
Subordinated Notes only)] 
[The Optional Redemption Amount should 
be equal to or more than 100 per cent.] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Notice Period: 
[As per Conditions / [●]] 
21. 
 
Clean-up Redemption Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
 Clean-up Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [●] per cent.] 
 
(ii) 
Notice Period: 
[As per Conditions / [●]] 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note 
and method, if any, of 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
/ [●] per Note of [●] in nominal amount / 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount / Current

--- Page 287 ---
Form of Final Terms  
287 
calculation of such 
amount(s): 
Principal Amount (in the case of Deeply 
Subordinated Notes only)] 
[The Optional Redemption Amount should 
be equal to or more than 100 per cent.] 
 
(iv) 
[Optional Clean-up 
Redemption Date(s): 
(solely if the Clean-up 
Percentage is reached): 
[[●], [●], [●] and [●] in each year 
commencing on [●] / [●] (the first Optional 
Clean-up Redemption Date shall be set in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 
7(j) (Additional conditions to redemption or 
purchase and cancellation of Senior 
Notes)) 
(Applicable only to Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes)] 
22. 
 
Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders (Noteholder Put): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Applicable 
only to Senior Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Redemption amount(s) of 
each Note and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
/ [●] per Note of [●] in nominal amount] 
[The redemption amount should be equal 
to, or more than, 100 per cent.] 
 
(iii) 
Notice Period: 
[As per Conditions / [●]] 
23. 
 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
sub-paragraph 
below) 
 
[Early Redemption Amount 
(in respect of an MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event Call 
Option): 
[Final Redemption Amount / Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount / Current Principal 
Amount 
(Applicable 
only 
to 
Deeply 
Subordinated Notes)]] 
24. 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [100] per 
cent. of their outstanding principal amount 
[The Final Redemption Amount should be 
equal to or more than 100 per cent.] / 
[Not Applicable] [in the case of Undated 
Subordinated Notes, Undated Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Deeply Subordinated 
Notes] 
25. 
 
Early Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
/ [●] per Note of [●] in nominal amount / 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount / Current 
Principal Amount (in the case of Deeply 
Subordinated Notes only)] 
[The Early Redemption Amount should be 
equal to, or more than, 100 per cent.]

--- Page 288 ---
Form of Final Terms  
288 
26. 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(Not available for Undated Subordinated 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Deeply Subordinated Notes) 
 
(i) 
Reference Security: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Screen Rate: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Make-Whole Redemption 
Margin: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Reference Dealers: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating 
the 
principal 
and/or interest due (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[●] 
27. 
[Events of Default (option only 
available 
for 
Senior 
Preferred 
Notes): 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(If Notes are not Senior Preferred Notes, 
delete this paragraph) 
(If Applicable, specify one or more Events 
of Default below) 
 
Non-Payment: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
 
Breach of other obligations: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
 
Insolvency 
(or 
other 
similar 
proceeding): 
Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
28. General Provisions Applicable to the Notes 
 
(i) 
Form of Notes (Bearer 
Notes): 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(ii) 
Form of Dematerialised 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/specify whether Bearer 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
porteur)]/[Administered 
Registered 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
nominatif 
administré)]/[Fully 
Registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif pur)] 
 
(iii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable give name and 
details] (Note that a Registration Agent 
must 
be 
appointed 
in 
relation 
to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered 
form only) 
 
(iv) 
Calculation Agent(s) (if not 
the Fiscal Agent): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s) 
[and 
address(es) if not a Dealer]] 
 
(iv) 
Temporary Global 
Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate exchangeable for Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes on [•] (the 
“Exchange Date”), being the first Business

--- Page 289 ---
Form of Final Terms  
289 
Day falling on or after the expiry of 40 
calendar days after the Issue Date subject 
to postponement as provided in the 
Temporary Global Certificate]  
(Only applicable to Materialised Notes) 
29. 
 
Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification of a Noteholder as 
Provided by Condition 1(a): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
30. 
 
Financial Center(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details.] 
[Note that this item relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest to which 
items 16(vi), 18(iv) and 19(xv) relate] 
31. 
 
Talons 
for 
future 
Coupons 
or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] 
32. 
 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
amount of each Instalment, date on 
which each payment is to be made: 
[Not Applicable / give details] 
[if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph] 
(Not available for Undated Subordinated 
Notes, Undated Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Deeply Subordinated Notes) 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Minimum Instalment Amount: [•] 
 
(iv) 
Maximum Instalment 
Amount: 
[•] 
33. 
 
Applicable tax regime: 
Condition 9(a) [and Condition 9(b)] 
[apply/applies]  
34. 
 
Representation of holders of Notes 
– Masse: 
[[Full Masse] / [Contractual Masse] / [No 
Masse] shall apply]  
(Note that: (i) Condition 12(b) (Contractual 
Masse) is only applicable in respect of any 
Tranche of Note issued outside of France 
or with a denomination of at least €100,000 
or its equivalent and (ii) Condition 12(c) 
(Contractual representation of Noteholders 
- No Masse) is only applicable in respect of 
Notes with a denomination of at least 
€100,000 or its equivalent) 
 [If Condition 12(a) (Full Masse) or 12(b) 
(Contractual Masse) applies and the 
Appointed Representatives are appointed

--- Page 290 ---
Form of Final Terms  
290 
as per the Conditions, insert below the 
following details: 
[Primary Appointed Representative: as per 
the Conditions – F&S Financial Services, 
13 rue Oudinot, 75007 Paris, France 
Alternate Appointed Representative: as per 
the Conditions – Aether Financial Services, 
36 rue de Monceau, 75008 Paris, France]  
[The Primary Appointed Representative or, 
as the case may be, the Alternate 
Appointed Representative, will receive no 
remuneration/The 
Primary 
Appointed 
Representative or, as the case may be, the 
Alternate Appointed Representative, will 
receive a remuneration of [●].]] 
[If Condition 12(a) (Full Masse) or 12(b) 
(Contractual 
Masse) 
applies 
and 
a 
Representative other that the Appointed 
Representatives is appointed, insert below 
details 
of 
such 
Representative 
and 
remuneration, if any: 
[Name and address of the Representative: 
[●]] 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The 
Representative 
will 
receive a remuneration of [●]]] 
Responsibility 
I hereby accept responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[●] has been 
extracted from [●]. I confirm that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far 
as I am aware, and able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer on [●] 
Duly represented by: ................................................

--- Page 291 ---
Form of Final Terms  
291 
Part B – Other Information 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
[(i)] 
Listing: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris]/[●] with 
effect from [●].]/[Not Applicable.] 
[Where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original securities are already 
admitted to trading] 
[(ii)  
Estimate of total expenses 
 
related to admission to trading: 
[●]]22 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
[In respect of Notes having a maturity of 
[more][less] than one year, the Programme has 
been rated][The Notes to be issued [have 
been/are expected to be] rated:] 
[[Standard & Poor’s]: [●]] 
[[Moody’s]: [●]] 
[[Fitch]: [●]] 
[Other: [●]] 
[Standard & Poor’s], [Moody’s] and [Fitch] are 
established in the European Union and are 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
(the “CRA Regulation”). [As such, [Standard & 
Poor’s], [Moody’s] and [Fitch] are included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Market Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk).] [Each of] [Standard & 
Poor's], [Moody's] and [Fitch] is not established 
in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) and is not 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law 
by 
virtue 
of 
the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”). [However, [the ratings] [the 
expected ratings of the Notes] [to be] issued by 
[Standard & Poor's], [Moody's] and [Fitch] [are 
expected to be][have been] endorsed by [•], [•] 
and [•] established in the UK and registered or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation]. 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
 
22 
Required only for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least EUR100,000.

--- Page 292 ---
Form of Final Terms  
292 
been published by the rating provider, for 
example: 
 
“As 
defined 
by 
Standard 
& 
Poor’s 
(www.standardandpoors.com), an “A” rating 
means that the Issuer’s capacity to meet its 
financial commitments under the Notes is strong 
but somewhat susceptible to adverse economic 
conditions.” 
 
“Obligations 
rated 
“A” 
by 
Moody’s 
(www.moodys.com) are judged to be upper-
medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. 
The modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower 
end of that generic rating category.” 
 
“As defined by Fitch (www.fitchratings.com), an 
“A” rating denotes expectations of low credit 
risk. The capacity for payment of financial 
commitments 
is 
considered 
strong. 
This 
capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable 
to adverse business or economic conditions 
than is the case for higher ratings. The modifier 
(+) is appended to denote relative status within 
this category.”]  
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below: 
[“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale” in the Base Prospectus] / [Save for the fees 
payable to the [Managers]]], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the [issue/offer] 
of the Notes has an interest material to the [issue/offer].”]/[●] 
[Certain of the [Managers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, 
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation).] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS [AND TOTAL EXPENSES] 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●]*/[The net proceeds will be used for the 
Issuer’s general funding requirements]/[The 
Notes constitute [Green/Social] Notes and an 
amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds

--- Page 293 ---
Form of Final Terms  
293 
will be used to finance and/or refinance one or 
more of the Eligible [Green/Social] Assets 
described 
in 
the 
[Green/Social] 
Bond 
Framework of the Issuer. 
The Issuer has appointed [[Vigeo Eiris]/[ICS] to 
provide a second party opinion (the “Second 
Party Opinion”) on the [Green/Social] Bond 
Framework and its alignment with ICMA’s 
[Green/Social] Bonds Principles. 
The [Green/Social] Bond Framework and the 
Second Party Opinion are available on the 
Issuer’s 
website 
[(https://www.credit-
agricole.com/en/finance/debt-and-ratings)/[●]].]  
*(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base 
Prospectus — if reasons for offer different from 
(i) making profit and/or (ii) hedging certain risks 
and/or (iii) financing and/or refinancing new or 
existing any Eligible Green Assets and/or (iv) 
financing and/or refinancing new or existing any 
Eligible Social Assets, will need to include those 
reasons here.)] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of 
other funding.) 
(iii) 
[Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
[Include breakdown of expenses.]23] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes and Resettable Notes only — YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
[[The yield in respect of [paragraph 15 of PART 
A of] this issue of [Fixed Rate / Fixed / Floating 
/ Resettable] Notes is 
calculated on the basis of the Issue Price using 
the following formula: 
 
P= 
C 
(1-(1+r)-n) + A(1+r)-n 
r 
 
where: 
P  
is the Issue Price of the Notes; 
 
23  
Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least EUR100,000.

--- Page 294 ---
Form of Final Terms  
294 
C  
is the Interest Amount; 
A  
is the outstanding principal amount of 
Notes due on redemption; 
n  
is time to [maturity] / [•] in years24; and 
r  
is the yield. 
[[As set out above,] the yield is calculated at the 
Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is 
not an indication of future yield.]]25  
[[(only applicable for the offer to the public in 
France) [yield gap of [●] per cent. in relation to 
tax free French government bonds (obligations 
assimilables au Trésor (OAT)) of an equivalent 
duration.]26 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only — PERFORMANCE OF RATES] 
[Historic interest rate: 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR, SOFR, 
SONIA, €STR, SARON, TONA, CORRA or 
other reference rate] rates can be obtained [but 
not] free of charge from Reuters/[•]] 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [●] which is provided 
by [●]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [●] 
[appears]/[does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmark 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
No 2016/1011), as amended [(the “Benchmark 
Regulation”)] / [or the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by 
the Financial Conduct Authority in the United 
Kingdom pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
Benchmark Regulation”)]. [As far as the Issuer 
is aware, the transitional provisions set forth in 
Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply 
such that [●] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, 
enforcement or equivalence).]] 
 
24  
The yield will be calculated as the yield until maturity (in respect of Fixed Rate Notes) or the First Reset Date (in respect of 
Resettable Notes).  
25 
Not required. 
26 
Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least EUR100,000.

--- Page 295 ---
Form of Final Terms  
295 
7. 
[Inflation Linked Notes, CMS Linked Notes and Fixed Rate Resettable Notes only – 
PERFORMANCE 
OF 
INDEX 
AND 
OTHER 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING 
THE 
UNDERLYING] 
(i) Name of underlying index: [●] 
 
(ii) Information about the Index, its volatility and past and future performance can be obtained: 
[●] 
 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION27 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
(iii) Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking 
Société 
Anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/Give name(s) and number(s)] 
(iv) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) : 
[Give name(s), address(es) and capacity(ies) 
(Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Paying 
Agent) of any Paying Agent(s) which shall act in 
addition to, or in replacement of, Crédit Agricole 
S.A. and/or Uptevia, in relation to a particular 
issue of Notes] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
1.  
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
2. 
 
- 
[If syndicated, 
 
 
(i) Names of Managers 
(specifying 
Lead 
Manager): 
[Not Applicable/give names/[addresses 
and underwriting commitments]28] 
(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment 
basis 
and 
names 
and 
addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on 
a “best efforts” basis if such entities are not 
the same as the Managers.) 
 
(ii) Date of Subscription 
Agreement (if any): 
[●] 
 
(iii) [Material features of 
the 
Subscription 
Agreement (if any): 
[●]  
 
 
28 
Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least EUR100,000.

--- Page 296 ---
Form of Final Terms  
296 
(Include the quotas and, where not all of 
the Issue is underwritten, a statement of 
the portion not covered)]29  
 
(iv) Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/Give name(s)]] (Only if 
Syndicated is specified) 
3. 
 
- 
If non-syndicated, name 
[and 
address]
30
 of 
Dealer(s): 
[Not Applicable/Give name(s)] 
4. 
Intermediary(ies) in secondary 
trading 
[Not Applicable / Give name and address 
of the entity(ies) which has(ve) a firm 
commitment to act as intermediary(ies) in 
secondary 
trading, 
providing 
liquidity 
through bid and offer rates and description 
of the main terms of its(their) commitment] 
5. 
 
[Total commission and 
concession: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount.]31 
(Indicate the overall amount of the 
underwriting commission and of the 
placing commission, as applicable) 
6. 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [2]; TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable]32 
7. 
 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail 
Investors 
under 
the 
PRIIPs Regulation: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products under the PRIIPs 
Regulation, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products under the PRIIPs 
Regulation 
and 
no 
key 
information 
document 
(KID) 
will 
be 
prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.)] 
(Regarding 
the 
Deeply 
Subordinated 
Notes, such paragraph should always be 
“Applicable”) 
 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation 
and 
no 
key 
information 
 
29 
Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least EUR100,000. 
30 
Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least EUR100,000. 
31 
Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least EUR100,000. 
32 
TEFRA rules are not applicable to debt securities of a maturity of less than one year.

--- Page 297 ---
Form of Final Terms  
297 
document 
(KID) 
will 
be 
prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.)] 
(Regarding 
the 
Deeply 
Subordinated 
Notes, such paragraph should always be 
“Applicable”) 
8.  
[Singapore Sales to 
Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If there is no offer of the Notes in 
Singapore, delete this paragraph) 
(If the Notes are offered in Singapore to 
Institutional Investors and Accredited 
Investors (as defined under the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore) only, 
“Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes are also offered in Singapore to 
investors other than Institutional Investors 
and Accredited Investors (as defined 
under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
of Singapore), “Not Applicable” should be 
specified.)] 
9. 
 
Additional Selling Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable / Give details] 
[For Taïwan, Republic of China include 
this wording in addition to the general 
selling restriction: The Notes, if listed on 
the 
Taipei 
Exchange 
for 
sale 
to 
professional or general investors in the 
Republic of China (the “ROC”), may be 
sold in the ROC to all professional or 
general investors, as applicable, or, if not 
listed in the ROC, the Notes may be made 
available (i) to investors in the ROC 
through licensed ROC financial institutions 
to the extent permitted under relevant 
ROC laws and regulations; (ii) to the 
Offshore Banking Units of ROC Banks 
purchasing the Notes either for their 
proprietary account or in trust for their non-
ROC trust clients; (iii) the Offshore 
Securities Units of ROC securities firms 
purchasing the Notes either for their 
proprietary account, in trust for their trust 
clients or as agent for their brokerage 
clients; (iv) the Offshore Insurance Units of 
ROC Insurance companies purchasing the 
Notes for their proprietary account or in 
connection with the issuance of investment 
linked insurance policies to non-ROC 
policy holders; or (v) outside of the ROC to 
ROC resident investors for purchase by 
such investors outside the ROC, but may

--- Page 298 ---
Form of Final Terms  
298 
not, otherwise be offered, sold or resold in 
the ROC. 
The Notes will only be sold in accordance 
with the ROC selling restrictions in the 
preceding 
paragraph 
and 
may 
not, 
otherwise be offered, sold or resold.] 
[For Taïwan, Republic of China and in 
relation to the listing of international bonds 
on the Taipei Exchange only, the general 
selling restriction is to be replaced with the 
following: The Notes have not been, and 
shall not be, offered, sold or re-sold, 
directly or indirectly, in the ROC, to 
investors 
other 
than 
“professional 
investors” as defined under Article 2-1 of 
the Rules Governing Management of 
Foreign 
Currency 
Denominated 
International 
Bonds 
of 
the 
Taipei 
Exchange. Purchasers of the Notes are 
not permitted to sell or otherwise dispose 
the Notes except by transfer to the 
abovementioned professional investors.]  
10. 
 
[Non-Exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the Notes may 
be made by [the Dealers/Managers] [[and] 
[specify other, if applicable]] (each an 
“Authorised Offeror”) in circumstances 
where there is no exemption from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus under 
the Prospectus Regulation (a “Non-
Exempt Offer”) in France (the “Non-
Exempt Offer Jurisdiction”) during the 
period from [specify date] until [specify 
date] (the “Offer Period”). See further 
details in Paragraph 10 of Part B below. 
11. 
 
Specific Consent: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
12. 
 
General Consent: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
10.  [TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER] 
(i) 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][specify] 
(ii) 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(iii) 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/give details including the 
time 
period, 
and 
any 
possible 
amendments, during which the offer will be 
open] 
(iv) 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
[Not Applicable/give detail]

--- Page 299 ---
Form of Final Terms  
299 
excess amount paid by applicants: 
(v) 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(vi) 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(vii) 
Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(viii) 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, negotiability of subscription 
rights and treatment of subscription 
rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(ix) 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved 
for certain countries: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(x) 
Process for notification to applicants of 
the amount allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(xi) 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(xii) 
Consent of the Issuer to use the Base 
Prospectus during the Offer Period:  
[Not Applicable/Applicable with respect to 
any Authorised Offeror specified below] 
(xiii) 
Authorised Offeror(s) in the various 
countries where the offer takes place: 
[Not Applicable / If Specific Consent is 
applicable, specify name(s), address(es) 
and, if any, Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of 
the financial intermediary(ies) appointed by 
the Issuer to act as Authorised Offeror(s) / 
If General Consent is applicable, specify 
any financial intermediary which satisfies 
the conditions set out below in item 
“Conditions attached to the consent of the 
Issuer to use the Base Prospectus”] 
(xiv) 
Conditions attached to the consent of 
the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus: 
[Not Applicable / Where the Issuer has 
given a General Consent to any financial 
intermediary to use the Base Prospectus, 
specify any additional conditions to those 
set out in the Base Prospectus or indicate 
“See conditions set out in the Base 
Prospectus”. Where Authorised Offeror(s) 
have been designated herein, specify any 
condition]33 
 
33 
Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least EUR100,000.

--- Page 300 ---
Form of Final Terms  
300 
ANNEX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
[to be inserted if applicable]

--- Page 301 ---
301 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Capitalised terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus. 
The net proceeds of the issues of Notes will (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) be used by 
the Issuer either:  
• 
in connection with its general funding requirements; or  
• 
in the case of “green bonds”, in an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds, to 
finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, (i) loans financing, or investments in, certain 
categories of environmental or sustainable projects in eligible activities within the meaning 
of the Crédit Agricole Group's green bond framework (as amended and supplemented from 
time to time, the "Green Bond Framework", and eligible activities within the meaning of 
the Green Bond Framework being hereinafter referred to as "Eligible Activities"), or (ii) 
loans to companies demonstrating that at least 90% of their revenues are generated by the 
operation of one or more Eligible Activities, it being specified that the remaining 10% of their 
revenues – while not being generated by the operation of one or more Eligible Activities – 
should not be generated by activities excluded under the Green Bond Framework (the 
“Eligible Green Assets”), as described in the relevant Final Terms and in the Issuer’s 
Green Bond Framework, such Notes being referred to as “Green Notes”; or  
• 
in the case of “social bonds”, in an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds, to 
finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing eligible social assets (the 
“Eligible Social Assets”), as described in the relevant Final Terms and in the Issuer’s 
Social Bond Framework (as amended and supplemented from time to time, the “Social 
Bond Framework”), such Notes being referred to as “Social Notes”; or  
• 
as stated in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any particular issue of Notes for which 
there is a particular identified use of proceeds (other than as specified above).  
Within the meaning of the Green Bond Framework, activities may be considered as Eligible Activities 
if they meet, as the case may be, the substantial contribution criteria set out in the Taxonomy 
Regulation, or Crédit Agricole Group’s internal criteria based on sector market practices. The Green 
Bond Framework thus proposes a (non-exhaustive) list of Eligible Activities specifying for each of 
them the corresponding substantial contribution criteria or internal criteria. However, the notion of 
Eligible Activity under the Green Bond Framework differs from that derived from the Taxonomy 
Regulation, and the use in the Green Bond Framework of the substantial contribution criteria retained 
by the Taxonomy Regulation does not prejudge in itself the alignment of Eligible Activities, and 
consequently Eligible Green Assets, with the Taxonomy. In particular, except in special cases, the 
Green Bond Framework does not make the principle of "do no significant harm " a condition for the 
eligibility of Eligible Activities. 
In relation to Green Notes, the Green Bond Framework is aligned on the Green Bond Principles 
published by the International Capital Markets Association (the “ICMA”) in its 2021 edition (the 
“Green Bond Principles”) and is available on the Issuer’s website (https://www.credit-
agricole.com/pdfPreview/200316). It may be further updated or expanded to reflect updates to the 
Green Bond Principles and evolutions in the activities of the Crédit Agricole Group.

--- Page 302 ---
Use of Proceeds 
302 
In relation to Social Notes, the Social Bond Framework is aligned on the Social Bond Principles 
published by the ICMA in its 2020 edition (the “Social Bond Principles”) and is available on the 
Issuer’s website (https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/186707). It may be further updated or 
expanded to reflect updates to the Social Bond Principles and evolutions in the activities of the Crédit 
Agricole Group. The Social Bond Framework sets out categories of Eligible Social Assets which have 
been identified by the Issuer as part of priority activity sectors to achieve positive social impacts 
especially for target populations.  
ISS Corporate Solutions (“ICS”) and Vigeo Eiris (“Vigeo”) have provided second party opinions (the 
“Second Party Opinions”) on the Green Bond Framework and the Social Bond Framework, 
respectively, assessing their respective added value and alignment with the Green Bond Principles 
or the Social Bond Principles as applicable. These Second Party Opinions are available on the 
Issuer’s website (https://www.credit-agricole.com/en/finance/debt-and-ratings).  
As described in the Green Bond Framework and the Social Bond Framework, the Issuer will publish 
annual reports on its website detailing: 
- 
the allocation of net Green Notes proceeds and the environmental impact of the Eligible 
Green Assets included in its green portfolio; and 
- 
the allocation of net Social Notes proceeds and the social impact of the Eligible Social Assets 
included in its social portfolio. 
In addition, the Issuer may communicate publicly in the event of material changes in its green 
portfolio or in its social portfolio. The Issuer will also have an external auditor providing limited 
assurance reports on the main features of its Green Notes and its Social Notes reporting for the 
purposes of the preparation of its universal registration document.

--- Page 303 ---
303 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  
On 1 April 2025, the Issuer published the following press release:  
CREDIT AGRICOLE S.A. ANNOUNCES REDEMPTION OF 
EUR 1,500,000,000 Senior Non-Preferred Fixed to Floating Rate Notes issued on April 22, 
2020 (ISIN: FR0013508512)* 
Crédit Agricole S.A. (the “Issuer”) announces today the redemption (the “Redemption”) with effect 
on April 22, 2025 (the “Redemption Date”) of all of its outstanding EUR 1,500,000,000 Senior Non-
Preferred Fixed to Floating Rate Notes issued on April 22, 2020 (ISIN: FR0013508512) (the “Notes”) 
pursuant to Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) of the terms and conditions of 
the Notes (the “Terms and Conditions”) included in the base prospectus dated April 9, 2020, which 
was granted the visa n°20-136 by the Autorité des marchés financiers on April 9, 2020 (as further 
amended and supplemented, the “Base Prospectus”) at the outstanding nominal amount thereof, 
together with any accrued interest thereon (the “Redemption Amount”). 
On the Redemption Date, the Redemption Amount shall become due and payable and, in 
accordance with Condition 5(h) (Accrual of Interest) of the Terms and Conditions, unless the 
Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, each Note shall cease to bear interest on the 
Redemption Date.  
The terms and modalities of the Redemption are set out in the notice to the holders of the Notes 
appended to this press release. 
For further information on Crédit Agricole S.A., please see Crédit Agricole S.A.’s website: 
https://www.credit-agricole.com/en/finance/finance.

--- Page 304 ---
Recent Developments 
304 
 
ANNEX  
NOTICE OF FULL REDEMPTION 
TO THE NOTEHOLDERS OF 
CREDIT AGRICOLE S.A. 
 EUR 1,500,000,000 Senior Non-Preferred Fixed to Floating Rate Notes due April 2026  
ISIN: FR0013508512 
Notice is hereby given that all of the outstanding EUR 1,500,000,000 Senior Non-Preferred Fixed to 
Floating Rate Notes due April 2026 (the “Notes”) issued by Crédit Agricole S.A. (the “Issuer”) on 
April 22, 2020 (ISIN: FR0013508512) will be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6(e) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) of the terms and conditions of the Notes (the “Terms and 
Conditions”) included in the base prospectus dated April 9, 2020, which was granted the visa n°20-
136 by the Autorité des marchés financiers on April 9, 2020 (as further amended and supplemented, 
the “Base Prospectus”) on April 22, 2025 (the “Redemption Date”) at 100% of the outstanding 
nominal amount thereof, together with any accrued interest thereon (the “Redemption Amount”). 
On the Redemption Date, the Redemption Amount shall become due and payable and, in 
accordance with Condition 5 (h) (Accrual of Interest) of the Terms and Conditions, unless the 
Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, each Note shall cease to bear interest on the 
Redemption Date. Payment of the Redemption Amount shall be made in accordance with Condition 
7 (Payments) of the Terms and Conditions. 
Date: April 1, 2025 
By: Crédit Agricole S.A.

--- Page 305 ---
305 
On 2 April 2025, the Issuer published the following press release 
The European Central Bank authorizes Credit Agricole S.A. to increase Banco BPM stake to 
19.9% 
Further to the press release of December 6, 2024, Crédit Agricole S.A. informs that:  
- 
On April 1st, the European Central Bank authorized Crédit Agricole S.A. – under the qualifying 
holding regime – to cross the 10% threshold in the share capital of Banco BPM S.p.A. (“Banco 
BPM”) and, therefore, to hold a stake up to 19.9%.  
- 
During Q4-24 and Q1-25, Crédit Agricole S.A entered into additional instruments relating to 
Banco BPM shares and has now a position through derivatives reaching 9.9% of Banco 
BPM’s share capital.  
- 
Crédit Agricole S.A intends to exercise its right to physical delivery of all Banco BPM shares 
underlying the position of derivatives1; as a result, Crédit Agricole S.A will hold 19.8% of 
Banco BPM’s share capital. As stated in the press release of December 6, 2024, the increase 
of its stake is consistent with Crédit Agricole’s strategy as a long-term investor and partner 
of Banco BPM.  
Crédit Agricole S.A. does not intend to launch a public offer for the capital of Banco BPM.  
Consequently,  
- 
In Q1 2025, the increased position in derivatives relating to Banco BPM’s share capital has 
a limited impact on Crédit Agricole S.A CET1 ratio.  
- 
In Q2 2025, the CET1 ratio of Crédit Agricole S.A will be impacted by c.-20 bps, resulting 
both from the increased stake in Banco BPM and from the impact linked to the crossing of 
the exemption threshold applicable to the deduction of significant equity investments in the 
financial sector.

--- Page 306 ---
Taxation 
306 
TAXATION 
The tax legislation of investors’ home jurisdictions and of the Issuer’s jurisdiction of 
incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
The comments below are of a general nature and are not intended to be exhaustive. They are based 
upon laws, regulations, decrees, rulings, income tax conventions (treaties), administrative practice 
and judicial decisions in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Legislative, judicial or 
administrative changes or interpretations may, however, be forthcoming. Any such changes or 
interpretations could affect the tax consequences to Noteholders, possibly on a retroactive basis, 
and alter or modify the statements and conclusions set forth herein. This summary does not purport 
to be a legal opinion or to address all tax aspects that may be relevant to a Noteholder. Each 
prospective Noteholder is urged to consult its own tax advisor as to the particular tax consequences 
to such holder of the ownership of the Notes, including the applicability and effect of any other tax 
laws or tax treaties, of pending or proposed changes in applicable tax laws as of the date hereof and 
of any actual changes in applicable tax laws after such date. Only these advisors are in a position to 
duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor. 
Capitalised terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus.  
Singapore Taxation 
The statements below are general in nature and are based on the laws (including certain aspects of 
current tax laws in Singapore and administrative guidelines and circulars issued by the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) and Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (“IRAS”)) in force as 
at the date hereof and are subject to any changes in such laws, administrative guidelines or circulars, 
or the interpretation of those laws, guidelines or circulars, occurring after such date, which changes 
could be made on a retroactive basis. It should be noted that as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the Income Tax (Qualifying Debt Securities) Regulations have not been amended to reflect the 
amendments made to the Income Tax Act 1947 of Singapore (the “ITA”) in respect of the qualifying 
debt securities scheme pursuant to the Income Tax (Amendment) Act 2023. These laws, guidelines 
and circulars are also subject to various interpretations and the relevant tax authorities or the courts 
could later disagree with the explanations or conclusions set out below. Neither these statements 
nor any other statements in this disclosure are intended or are to be regarded as advice on the tax 
position of any holder of the Notes or of any person acquiring, selling or otherwise dealing with the 
Notes or on any tax implications arising from the acquisition, sale or other dealings in respect of the 
Notes. The statements made herein do not purport to be a comprehensive or exhaustive description 
of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or 
dispose of the Notes and do not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories 
of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or financial institutions in Singapore which 
have been granted the relevant Financial Sector Incentive(s)) may be subject to special rules or tax 
rates. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to consult their own professional tax advisers as 
to the Singapore or other tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership of or disposal of the Notes, 
including, in particular, the effect of any foreign, state or local tax laws to which they are subject. It 
is emphasised that none of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers and any other persons involved in 
the Programme or the issuance of the Notes accepts responsibility for any tax effects or liabilities 
resulting from the subscription for, purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes.  
This tax disclosure has also been drafted on the assumption that IRAS regards each tranche of the 
Notes as “debt securities” for the purposes of the ITA and that distribution payments made under

--- Page 307 ---
Taxation 
307 
each tranche of the Notes will be regarded as interest payable on indebtedness and holders thereof 
may therefore enjoy the tax concessions and exemptions available for qualifying debt securities, 
provided that the conditions for the qualifying debt securities scheme are satisfied. If any tranche of 
the Notes is not regarded as “debt securities” for the purposes of the ITA, or any distribution payment 
made under any tranche of the Notes is not regarded as interest payable on indebtedness or holders 
thereof are not eligible for the tax concessions under the qualifying debt securities scheme, the tax 
treatment to holders may differ. Investors and holders of any tranche of the Notes should consult 
their own accounting and tax advisers regarding the Singapore income tax consequences of their 
acquisition, holding and disposal of any tranche of the Notes. 
Interest and Other Payments 
Generally, interest and other payments derived by a holder of the Notes who is not resident in 
Singapore and who does not have any permanent establishment in Singapore is not subject to tax, 
as such income is likely to be regarded as arising from a source outside Singapore, given that the 
Issuer is issuing the Notes outside Singapore and not through a branch or otherwise in Singapore. 
However, even if such interest and payments are regarded as sourced in Singapore, such interest 
and other payments may also be exempt from tax, including withholding of tax, if the Notes qualify 
as “qualifying debt securities” as discussed below. 
Subject to the following paragraphs, under Section 12(6) of the ITA, the following payments are 
deemed to be derived from Singapore: 
(a) 
any interest, commission, fee or any other payment in connection with any loan or 
indebtedness or with any arrangement, management, guarantee, or service relating to any 
loan or indebtedness which is (i) borne, directly or indirectly, by a person resident in Singapore 
or a permanent establishment in Singapore (except in respect of any business carried on 
outside Singapore through a permanent establishment outside Singapore or any immovable 
property situated outside Singapore) or (ii) deductible against any income accruing in or 
derived from Singapore; or 
(b) 
any income derived from loans where the funds provided by such loans are brought into or 
used in Singapore. 
Such payments, where made to a person not known to the paying party to be a resident in Singapore 
for tax purposes, are generally subject to withholding tax in Singapore. The rate at which tax is to be 
withheld for such payments (other than those subject to the 15% final withholding tax described 
below) to non-resident persons (other than non-resident individuals) is currently 17%. The applicable 
rate for non-resident individuals is 24% from the year of assessment 2024. However, if the payment 
is derived by a person not resident in Singapore otherwise than from any trade, business, profession 
or vocation carried on or exercised by such person in Singapore and is not effectively connected 
with any permanent establishment in Singapore of that person, the payment is subject to a final 
withholding tax of 15%. The rate of 15% may be reduced by applicable tax treaties. 
However, certain Singapore-sourced investment income derived by individuals from financial 
instruments is exempt from tax, including interest, discount income (not including discount income 
arising from secondary trading), early redemption fee and redemption premium from debt securities, 
except where such income is derived through a partnership in Singapore or is derived from the 
carrying on of a trade, business or profession in Singapore. 
The terms “early redemption fee” and “redemption premium” are defined in the ITA as follows: 
“early redemption fee”, in relation to debt securities and qualifying debt securities, means any fee 
payable by the issuer of the securities on the early redemption of the securities; and

--- Page 308 ---
Taxation 
308 
“redemption premium”, in relation to debt securities and qualifying debt securities, means any 
premium payable by the issuer of the securities on the redemption of the securities upon their 
maturity or on the early redemption of the securities. 
References to “early redemption fee” and “redemption premium” in this Singapore tax disclosure 
have the same meaning as defined in the ITA. 
In addition, if the Notes are regarded as "debt securities" and if more than half of the Notes issued 
under a tranche of the Programme are distributed by any or any combination of “specified licensed 
entities” (as defined below), the tranche of the Notes issued under the Programme to 31 December 
2028 would be “qualifying debt securities” for the purposes of the ITA, to which the following 
treatments shall apply: 
(i) 
subject to certain prescribed conditions having been fulfilled (including the furnishing by the 
Issuer, or such other person as the MAS may direct, to the MAS of a return on debt securities 
in respect of the Notes in the prescribed format within such period as the MAS may specify 
and such other particulars in connection with the Notes as the MAS may require, and the 
inclusion by the Issuer in all offering documents relating to the Notes of a statement to the 
effect that where interest, discount income, early redemption fee or redemption premium from 
the Notes is derived by a person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any 
operation in Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption 
for qualifying debt securities shall not apply if the non-resident person acquires the Notes using 
the funds and profits of such person’s operations through the Singapore permanent 
establishment), interest, discount income (not including discount income arising from 
secondary trading), early redemption fee and redemption premium (collectively, the “Specified 
Income”) from the Notes paid by the Issuer and derived by a holder who is not resident in 
Singapore and who (aa) does not have any permanent establishment in Singapore or (bb) 
carries on any operation in Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore but 
the funds used by that person to acquire the Notes are not obtained from such person's 
operation through a permanent establishment in Singapore, are exempt from Singapore 
income tax; 
(ii) 
subject to certain conditions having been fulfilled (including the furnishing by the Issuer, or 
such other person as the MAS may direct, to the MAS of a return on debt securities in respect 
of the Notes in the prescribed format within such period as the MAS may specify and such 
other particulars in connection with the Notes as the MAS may require), Specified Income from 
the Notes derived by any company or body of persons (as defined in the ITA) in Singapore, 
other than any non-resident who qualifies for the tax exemption as described in paragraph (i) 
above, is subject to income tax at a concessionary rate of 10% (except for holders of the 
relevant Financial Sector Incentive(s) who may be taxed at different rates); and 
(iii) 
subject to: 
(a) 
the Issuer including in all offering documents relating to the Notes a statement to the 
effect that any person whose interest, discount income, early redemption fee or 
redemption premium (i.e. the Specified Income) derived from the Notes is not exempt 
from tax shall include such income in a return of income made under the ITA; and 
(b) 
the Issuer, or such other person as the MAS may direct, furnishing to the MAS a return 
on debt securities in respect of the Notes in the prescribed format within such period as 
the MAS may specify and such other particulars in connection with the Notes as the MAS 
may require,

--- Page 309 ---
Taxation 
309 
payments of Specified Income derived from the Notes are not subject to withholding of tax by 
the Issuer. 
The term “specified licensed entity” means any of the following persons: 
(A) 
a bank or merchant bank licensed under the Banking Act 1970 of Singapore;   
(B) 
a finance company licensed under the Finance Companies Act 1967 of Singapore; 
(C) 
a person who holds a capital markets services licence under the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore to carry on business in the regulated activities of advising on corporate 
finance or dealing in capital markets products; or 
(D) 
such other persons as may be prescribed by rules made under Section 7 of the ITA. 
However, notwithstanding the foregoing: 
(A) 
if during the primary launch of any tranche of Notes, the Notes of such tranche are issued to 
fewer than four (4) persons and 50% or more of the issue of such Notes is beneficially held 
or funded, directly or indirectly, by related parties of the Issuer, such Notes would not qualify 
as “qualifying debt securities”; and  
(B) 
even though a particular tranche of Notes are “qualifying debt securities”, if, at any time during 
the tenure of such tranche of Notes, 50% or more of the issue of such Notes which are 
outstanding at any time during the life of their issue is beneficially held or funded, directly or 
indirectly, by any related party(ies) of the Issuer, Specified Income derived from such Notes 
held by: 
(i) 
any related party of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
any other person where the funds used by such person to acquire such Notes are 
obtained, directly or indirectly, from any related party of the Issuer, 
shall not be eligible for the tax exemption or concessionary rate of tax as described above. 
The term “related party”, in relation to a person (A), means any person (a) who directly or indirectly 
controls A; (b) who is being controlled directly or indirectly by A; or (c) who, together with A, is directly 
or indirectly under the control of a common person. 
Where interest, discount income, early redemption fee or redemption premium (i.e. the Specified 
Income) is derived from the Notes by any person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries 
on any operations in Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption 
available for qualifying debt securities under the ITA (as mentioned above) shall not apply if such 
person acquires such Notes using the funds and profits of such person’s operations through a 
permanent establishment in Singapore. Notwithstanding that the Issuer is permitted to make 
payments of Specified Income in respect of the Notes without deduction or withholding of tax under 
Section 45 or Section 45A of the ITA, any person whose Specified Income (whether it is interest, 
discount income, early redemption fee or redemption premium) derived from the Notes is not exempt 
from tax is required to include such income in a return of income made under the ITA. 
Taxation relating to Payments on Hybrid Instruments 
The ITA currently does not contain specific provisions on how financial instruments that exhibit both 
debt-like and equity-like features, i.e. hybrid instruments, should be treated for income tax purposes. 
However, the IRAS has published the e-Tax Guide: Income Tax Treatment of Hybrid Instruments 
(Second Edition) on 21 October 2019 (the "Hybrid Instruments e-Tax Guide") which sets out the 
income tax treatment of hybrid instruments, including the factors that the IRAS will generally use to 
determine whether such instruments are debt or equity instruments for income tax purposes.

--- Page 310 ---
Taxation 
310 
Among others, the IRAS has stated in the Hybrid Instruments e-Tax Guide that: 
(a)  
whether or not a hybrid instrument will be treated as debt or equity security for income tax 
purposes will firstly depend on its legal form, to be determined based on an examination of the 
legal rights and obligations attached to the instrument; 
(b)  
a hybrid instrument is generally characterised as equity if the legal terms of the instrument 
indicate ownership interests in the issuer. If the legal form of a hybrid instrument is not 
indicative of or does not reflect the legal rights and obligations, the facts and circumstances 
surrounding the instrument and a combination of factors, not limited to the following, would 
have to be examined to ascertain the nature of the instrument for income tax purposes. 
These factors include (but are not limited to):  
(i) 
nature of interest acquired; 
(ii) 
investor’s right to participate in issuer’s business; 
(iii) 
voting rights conferred by the instrument; 
(iv) 
obligation to repay the principal amount; 
(v) 
payout; 
(vi) 
investor’s right to enforce payment; 
(vii) 
classification by other regulatory authority; and 
(viii) 
ranking for repayment in the event of liquidation or dissolution; 
(c) 
if a hybrid instrument is characterised as a debt instrument for income tax purposes, 
distributions from the issuer to the investors are regarded as interest; and 
(d) 
if a hybrid instrument issued by a company or REIT is characterised as an equity instrument 
for income tax purposes, payments from the issuer to the investors are regarded as either 
dividends or distributions.  
It is not clear whether the Notes with certain equity-like features will be regarded as "debt securities" 
under the ITA and the tax treatment to holders of the Notes under Singapore law may differ 
depending on the characterisation and treatment of the Notes by the IRAS. Prospective holders and 
holders of the Notes should consult their own accounting and tax advisers regarding the Singapore 
tax consequences of their acquisition, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
Capital Gains 
Any gains considered to be in the nature of capital made from the sale of the Notes will not be taxable 
in Singapore. However, any gains derived by any person from the sale of the Notes which are gains 
from any trade, business, profession or vocation carried on by that person, if accruing in or derived 
from Singapore, may be taxable as such gains are considered revenue in nature.  
There are no specific laws or regulations which deal with the characterisation of capital gains. The 
characterisation of the gains arising from a sale of the Notes will depend on the individual facts and 
circumstances of the holder relating to the sale of the Notes. 
Holders of the Notes who apply or who are required to apply Singapore Financial Reporting Standard 
109 – Financial Instruments (“FRS 109”) or Singapore Financial Reporting Standard (International) 
9 (“SFRS(I) 9”) (as the case may be), may for Singapore income tax purposes be required to 
recognise gains or losses (not being gains or losses in the nature of capital) on the Notes, 
irrespective of disposal, for tax purposes in accordance with the provisions of FRS 109 or SFRS(I)

--- Page 311 ---
Taxation 
311 
9 (as the case may be) (as modified by the applicable provisions of Singapore income tax law) even 
though no sale or disposal of the Notes is made. Please see the section below on “Adoption of FRS 
109 or SFRS(I) 9 Treatment for Singapore Income Tax Purposes”. 
Adoption of FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 Treatment for Singapore Income Tax Purposes 
FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 (as the case may be) is mandatorily effective for annual periods beginning on 
or after 1 January 2018. Section 34AA of the ITA requires taxpayers who comply or who are required 
to comply with FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 for financial reporting purposes to calculate their profit, loss or 
expense for Singapore income tax purposes in respect of financial instruments in accordance with 
FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 (as the case may be), subject to certain exceptions. The IRAS has also issued 
an e-tax guide titled “Income Tax: Income Tax Treatment Arising from Adoption of FRS 109 - 
Financial Instruments”. 
Holders of the Notes who may be subject to the tax treatment under Section 34AA of the ITA should 
consult their own accounting and tax advisers regarding the Singapore income tax consequences of 
their acquisition, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
Income Tax on Gains Received in Singapore from the Sale or Disposal of Foreign Assets  
Under Section 10L of the ITA, gains received in Singapore from the sale or disposal by an entity of 
a relevant group of any foreign asset (i.e. any movable or immovable property situated outside 
Singapore at the time of such sale or disposal or any rights or interest thereof) is treated as income 
chargeable to tax. Section 10L applies to sales or disposals that occur on or after 1 January 2024. 
Under this section, debt securities issued by a company that is incorporated outside Singapore, or if 
registered, is registered in a principal register outside Singapore would likely be considered as 
“foreign assets.” 
Broadly, a seller entity would be a member of a “relevant group” if (i) its assets, liabilities, income, 
expenses and cash flows (a) are included in the consolidated financial statements of the parent entity 
of the group, or (b) are excluded from the consolidated financial statements of the parent entity of 
the group solely on size or materiality grounds or on the grounds that the entity is held for sale, and 
(ii) the entities of the group are not all incorporated in a single jurisdiction or any entity of the group 
has a place of business in more than one jurisdiction.  
There are certain exclusions in this regard. The taxation of such gains would not apply to a sale or 
disposal that is: 
(A) 
carried out as part of, or incidental to, the business of a “prescribed financial institution”, which 
includes licensed banks, licensed finance companies and holders of a capital markets 
services licence;  
(B) 
carried out as part of, or incidental to, the relevant business activities or operations of an 
entity enjoying certain tax incentives, such as the financial sector incentive; or 
(C) 
carried out by an excluded entity that has adequate economic substance in Singapore (as 
defined and provided for under Section 10L of the ITA).  
The IRAS has also issued an e-tax guide titled "Income Tax: Tax Treatment of Gains or Losses from 
the Sale of Foreign Assets". 
Holders of the Notes who may be subject to the tax treatment under Section 10L of the ITA should 
consult their own accounting and tax advisers regarding the Singapore income tax consequences of 
their sale or disposal of the Notes.

--- Page 312 ---
Taxation 
312 
Estate Duty 
Singapore estate duty has been abolished with respect to all deaths occurring on or after 15 February 
2008. 
France Taxation  
The descriptions below are intended as a basic summary of certain withholding tax consequences 
that may be relevant in France to holders of Notes who do not concurrently hold shares of the Issuer. 
Persons who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult a professional tax adviser. 
The Undated Subordinated Notes are relatively novel instruments and contain a number of features 
that are not present in other securities issued regularly in the market. There is no judicial or 
administrative interpretation relating to the application of French tax laws and regulations to 
instruments such as the Undated Subordinated Notes. The Issuer will treat the Undated 
Subordinated Notes as debt instruments for French tax purposes. The discussion in this section is 
based on this treatment of the Undated Subordinated Notes. 
Withholding tax 
Pursuant to Article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts, payments of interest and other 
revenues made by the Issuer on the Notes are not subject to withholding tax unless such payments 
are made outside of France in a non-cooperative State or territory within the meaning of Article 238-
0 A of the French Code général des impôts (a “Non-Cooperative State”) other than those mentioned 
in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts, in which case a 75% 
withholding tax is applicable subject to exceptions, certain of which being set forth below, and to 
more favourable provisions of any applicable double tax treaty. The 75% withholding tax is applicable 
irrespective of the tax residence of the Noteholder. The list of Non-Cooperative States is published 
by a ministerial executive order, which may be updated at any time, and at least once a year. A law 
published on 24 October 2018 no. 2018-898 (i) removed the specific exclusion of the Member States 
of the European Union, (ii) expanded the list of Non-Cooperative States to include states and 
jurisdictions on the blacklist published by the Council of the European Union as amended from time 
to time, and (iii) as a consequence, expanded this withholding tax regime to certain states and 
jurisdictions included in such blacklist. 
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French Code général des impôts, interest and other 
revenues paid on such Notes will not be deductible from the Issuer's taxable income, if they are paid 
or accrued to persons domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid to a bank account 
opened in a financial institution located in such a Non-Cooperative State. The abovementioned law 
amending the list of Non-Cooperative States as described above expands this regime to all the states 
and jurisdictions included in the blacklist published by the Council of the European Union as 
amended from time to time.  
Under certain conditions, any such non-deductible interest or other revenues may be recharacterised 
as constructive dividends pursuant to Articles 109 et seq. of the French Code général des impôts, in 
which case such non-deductible interest and other revenues may be subject to the withholding tax 
set out under Article 119 bis 2 of the same Code, at a rate of (i) 25% for beneficial owners of the 
payments who are non-French tax resident legal persons, (ii) 12.8% for beneficial owners of the 
payments who are non-French tax resident individuals, in each case (x) unless payments are made 
in Non-Cooperative States other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French 
Code général des impôts (which include states and jurisdictions included in the blacklist published 
by the Council of the European Union as amended from time to time subject to certain limitations for

--- Page 313 ---
Taxation 
313 
the application of the withholding tax set forth in Article 119 bis 2 of the French Code général des 
impôts) in which case the withholding tax rate would be equal to 75% and (y) subject to certain 
exceptions and, to more favourable provisions of any applicable double tax treaty.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75% withholding tax provided by Article 125 A III of the 
French Code général des impôts, nor, to the extent the relevant interest or revenues relate to genuine 
transactions and is not in an abnormal or exaggerated amount, the non-deductibility of the interest 
and other revenues and the withholding tax set out under Article 119 bis 2 that may be levied as a 
result of such non-deductibility, will apply in respect of a particular issue of Notes provided that the 
Issuer can prove that the main purpose and effect of such issue of Notes are not that of allowing the 
payments of interest or other revenues to be made in a Non-Cooperative State (the "Exception").  
In addition, under French tax administrative guidelines (BOI-INT-DG-20-50-20 dated 6 June 2023, 
no. 290 and BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 dated 14 June 2022, no. 150), an issue of Notes benefits from 
the Exception without the Issuer having to provide any evidence supporting the main purpose and 
effect of such issue of Notes, if such Notes are: 
(i) 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier for which the publication of a prospectus is mandatory  or pursuant to 
an equivalent offer in a State other than a Non-Cooperative State. For this purpose, an 
“equivalent offer” means any offer requiring the registration or submission of an offer document 
by or with a foreign securities market authority; or 
(ii) 
admitted to trading on a regulated market or on a French or foreign multilateral securities 
trading system provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, 
and the operation of such market is carried out by a market operator or an investment services 
provider, or by such other similar foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, 
investment services provider or entity is not located in a Non-Cooperative State; or  
(iii) 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities 
clearing and delivery and payments systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or 
operators provided that such depositaries or operators are not located in a Non-Cooperative 
State. 
Withholding tax applicable to French resident individuals 
Pursuant to Article 125 A of the French Code général des impôts (i.e., where the paying agent 
(établissement payeur) is established in France), subject to certain exceptions, interest and other 
similar income received by French tax resident individuals is subject to a 12.8% levy withheld at 
source, which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which the 
payment has been made. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) are also levied by 
way of withholding tax at an aggregate rate of 17.2% on interest paid to French tax resident 
individuals. Holders of Notes who are French tax resident individuals are urged to consult with their 
usual tax advisor on the way the 12.8% levy and the 17.2% social contributions are collected, where 
the paying agent is not established in France.  
Financial transaction tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s 
Proposal”) for a Directive for a common financial transaction tax (the “FTT”) in Austria, Belgium, 
Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Slovenia, Slovakia and Spain (the “Participating 
Member States”) and which, if enacted, could apply under certain circumstances to transactions

--- Page 314 ---
Taxation 
314 
involving the Notes. The issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.  
The mechanism by which the tax would be applied and collected is not yet known, but if the proposed 
directive or any similar tax is adopted, transactions in the Notes would be subject to higher costs, 
and the liquidity of the market for the Notes may be diminished. 
Following the lack of consensus in the negotiations on the Commission’s Proposal, the 
Participating Member States (excluding Estonia) and the scope of such tax are uncertain. 
Based on public statements, the Participating Member States (excluding Estonia) have 
agreed to continue negotiations on the basis of a proposal that would reduce the scope of 
the FTT and would only concern listed shares of European companies with a market 
capitalisation exceeding EUR 1 billion on 1 December of the year preceding the taxation year. 
According to this revised proposal, the applicable tax rate would not be less than 0.2%. Such 
proposal remains subject to change until a final approval and it may therefore be altered prior 
to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States 
may decide to participate and/or certain of the Participating Member States (excluding 
Estonia which already withdrew) may decide to withdraw. No agreement has been reached 
between the Participating Member States (excluding Estonia, which withdrew) on this revised 
proposal. Subsequently, the European Commission declared that, if there was no agreement 
between the Participating Member States (excluding Estonia, which withdrew) by the end of 
2022, it would endeavour to propose a new own resource, based on a new FTT, by June 2024 
with a view to its introduction by 1 January 2026. Notwithstanding the fact that the European 
Parliament has asked the EU Commission and the Member States involved in the negotiations 
on the enhanced cooperation to do their utmost to reach an agreement on the FTT, the 
Commission stated in June 2023 that there was “little expectation that any proposal would 
be agreed in the short term”. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the consequences of the FTT or any similar tax that could be associated with subscribing for, 
purchasing, holding and disposing of the Notes. 
UK Taxation 
The comments below are of a general nature based on current UK tax law (as applied in England) 
and HM Revenue and Customs (“HMRC”) published practice (which may not be binding on HMRC), 
in each case as at the latest practicable date before the date of this Base Prospectus, and are not 
intended to be exhaustive. They only apply to persons who are absolute beneficial owners of the 
Notes. The comments below do not necessarily apply where the income is deemed for tax purposes 
to be the income of any other person and may not apply to certain classes of person such as dealers 
or certain professional investors. Noteholders should be aware that the particular terms of issue of 
any particular Tranche of Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms may affect the tax treatment 
of that Tranche of Notes and the comments below assume that any Deeply Subordinated Notes 
would be issued by the Issuer acting directly and not through its London Branch. Any Noteholders 
who are in doubt as to their own tax position, or who may be subject to tax in a jurisdiction other than 
the UK, should consult their professional advisers. 
Withholding tax on payments of interest on Notes issued by the Issuer acting through its London 
Branch (“UK Notes”)

--- Page 315 ---
Taxation 
315 
References to “interest” in this section mean interest as understood for UK withholding tax purposes. 
Any redemption premium may be “interest” for these purposes, although the position will depend 
upon the particular terms and conditions. For Notes issued at a discount, the difference between the 
face value and the issue price will not generally be regarded as “interest” for these purposes. 
Whilst any UK Notes are and continue to be “quoted Eurobonds” within the meaning of Section 987 
of the Income Tax Act 2007 (the “Act”), payments of interest by the Issuer on those UK Notes may 
be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of UK income tax. UK Notes will 
constitute “quoted Eurobonds” provided that and so long as such UK Notes carry a right to interest 
and are and continue to be (i) listed on a “recognised stock exchange” (within the meaning of Section 
1005 of the Act), or (ii) admitted to trading on a “multilateral trading facility” (within the meaning of 
Section 987 of the Act) operated by a recognised stock exchange that is regulated in the UK, the 
European Economic Area or Gibraltar. Euronext Paris is a recognised stock exchange for these 
purposes. UK Notes will be treated as listed on Euronext Paris if they are both (i) admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris and (ii) officially listed in France in accordance with provisions corresponding to 
those generally applicable in countries in the European Economic Area. 
If UK Notes are not, or cease to be, “quoted Eurobonds”, payments of interest by the Issuer on such 
UK Notes should nevertheless not be subject to withholding or deduction for or on account of UK 
income tax provided that and so long as, at the time of payment, the Issuer is a bank for the purposes 
of Section 991 of the Act and the interest is paid in the ordinary course of its business within the 
meaning of Section 878 of the Act.  
In cases other than those described above, payments of interest on UK Notes will generally be paid 
by the Issuer subject to deduction on account of UK income tax at the basic rate of 20%, subject to 
the availability of any other exemption or reliefs available under domestic law. 
Noteholders who are resident in jurisdictions outside the UK may also be able to receive payment 
free of deductions or subject to a lower rate of deduction under an applicable double taxation treaty 
provided that HMRC issues a direction to that effect to the Issuer. However, such a direction will only 
be issued on prior application to HMRC by the Noteholder in question. If such a direction is not in 
place at the time a payment of interest is made (and no other exemption or relief is available), the 
Issuer will be required to withhold tax, although a Noteholder who is entitled to relief under a double 
taxation treaty may subsequently be able to claim repayment of some or all of the amount withheld 
(depending upon the extent to which they are entitled to relief) from HMRC. 
Withholding tax on payments of interest on Notes issued by the Issuer directly (acting otherwise than 
through its London Branch) 
Payments of interest on Notes issued by the Issuer directly (acting otherwise than through its London 
Branch) may be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of UK income tax if such 
payments do not have a UK source. It is not currently expected that any such payments would have 
a UK source.  
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to FATCA, holders who hold Notes through foreign financial institutions (“FFIs”) may be 
required to provide information and tax documentation regarding their identities as well as the 
identities of their direct and indirect owners to the FFI. This information may be reported to revenue 
authorities, including the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”). In addition, certain payments on 
Notes held in an account at either (i) a “non-participating foreign financial institution” (“NPFFI”) or (ii) 
an FFI to which the holder fails to provide certain requested information may be subject to withholding,

--- Page 316 ---
Taxation 
316 
to the extent such payments are treated as “foreign passthru payments.” Such payments may also 
be subject to withholding if made through an intermediary that is an NPFFI. Regulations 
implementing this rule have not yet been adopted or proposed and the IRS has indicated that any 
such regulations would not be effective for payments made prior to two years after the date on which 
final regulations on this issue are published. An NPFFI is an FFI that has not (i) entered into an 
agreement with the U.S. government to collect and provide to the U.S. tax authorities information 
about its direct and indirect U.S. accountholders (an “FFI agreement”) or alternatively (ii) complied 
with the terms of an applicable intergovernmental agreement between the United States and the 
jurisdiction in which such foreign financial institution operates, and does not otherwise qualify for an 
exception from the requirement to enter into an FFI agreement.  
FATCA withholding will not apply to payments on Notes that are not treated as equity for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes and are issued prior to, and not materially modified on or after, the date that is 
six months after the date on which final regulations applicable to “foreign passthru payments” are 
filed with the Federal Register. Otherwise, payments on Notes held through an NPFFI or made to a 
holder who fails to provide an FFI with requested information, to the extent such payments are 
treated as “foreign passthru payments,” may be subject to withholding under FATCA or the relevant 
intergovernmental agreement (“IGA”). If additional Notes (as described in Condition 14 (Further 
Issues) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) that are not distinguishable from previously issued 
Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding 
under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including Notes offered prior to the 
expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. France, Luxembourg, 
and the UK have entered into intergovernmental agreements with the United States relating to 
FATCA ((the “U.S.-France IGA”), (the “U.S.-Luxembourg IGA”), and (the “U.S.-UK IGA”), 
respectively). It is not entirely clear whether or to what extent the U.S.-France IGA, the U.S.-
Luxembourg IGA or the U.S.-UK IGA or any other relevant intergovernmental agreement will relieve 
the Issuer or other FFIs through which payments on the Notes may be made from the obligation to 
withhold on “foreign passthru payments”. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant 
to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay 
additional amounts as a result of the withholding. FATCA is particularly complex and its application 
to the Notes is uncertain at this time. Each prospective investor should consult its own tax adviser to 
obtain a more detailed explanation of FATCA and to learn how this legislation might affect such 
investor in its particular circumstances.

--- Page 317 ---
317 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Capitalised terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement 
dated 4 April 2025 (as modified and/or supplemented and/or in particular restated at the Issue Date 
of the relevant Notes, the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer and the Permanent Dealers, the 
Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the 
Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent 
Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the 
time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer 
through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes 
to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more 
Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer 
and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that 
they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made 
to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold 
or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)  the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)  a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii)  a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii)  not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b)  the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and

--- Page 318 ---
Subscription and Sale 
318 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
Unless the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, solely for the purposes 
of the product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of any Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus has led to the conclusion that: 
(a)  the target market for such Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each 
as defined in MiFID II; and 
(b)  all channels for distribution of such Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of such Notes and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
If the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, in relation to each EEA Member State, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in that EEA Member State except that it may make an Offer of Notes to the Public in that EEA 
Member State: 
(a)  by making an offer in circumstances where there is no exemption from the requirement to publish 
a prospectus under Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation in that EEA Member State (a “Non-
exempt Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which 
has been approved by the competent authority in that EEA Member State or, where appropriate, 
approved in another EEA Member State and notified to the competent authority in that EEA 
Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the 
final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation 
in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as 
applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt 
Offer; 
(b)  at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c)  at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d)  at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 319 ---
Subscription and Sale 
319 
UK 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold 
or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK.  
For the purposes of this provision:  
(a)  the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i)  a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii)  a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement the Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii)  not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b)  the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Consequently, no key information document required by the UK PRIIPs Regulation for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
Unless the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, solely for the purposes 
of the product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of any Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus has led to the conclusion that: 
(a)  the target market for such Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each 
as defined in MiFID II as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b)  all channels for distribution of such Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of such Notes and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
If the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes specify “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, in relation to the UK, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further

--- Page 320 ---
Subscription and Sale 
320 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it 
may make an Offer of Notes to the Public in the UK: 
(a)  if the Final Terms specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to 
section 86 of the FSMA, following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such 
Notes which either (i) has been approved by the FCA, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been 
approved by the FCA in accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the 
Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus 
has subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such offer, in the period 
beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, 
and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that offer; 
(b)  at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(c)  
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d)  at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if the Issuer was not an 
authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Belgium 
The offer of the Notes in Belgium is conducted exclusively under applicable private placement 
exemptions and it has therefore not been and will not be notified to, and the Base Prospectus and 
any marketing materials or other documents relating to the Notes have not been and will not be 
provided to, nor approved by, the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor 
financiële diensten en markten/Autorité des services et marchés financiers). 
This Base Prospectus has been issued to the intended recipients for personal use only and 
exclusively for the purpose of the offering of the Notes. It may therefore not be used for any other 
purpose, nor disclosed to any other person, in Belgium.

--- Page 321 ---
Subscription and Sale 
321 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any consumer (consument/ consommateur) within the 
meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit 
économique), as amended, in Belgium. 
In accordance with the Belgian law of 14 December 2005 on the abolition of bearer securities, 
Materialised Bearer Notes may not be delivered in physical form in Belgium, other than deliveries to 
a clearing system, a depositary or another institution for the purpose of their immobilisation. 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e 
la Borsa (“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any 
Notes in the Republic of Italy (“Italy”) and that copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes have not and will not be distributed in Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2, letter e) of the 
Prospectus Regulation and/or any applicable provisions of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended (the “Consolidated Financial Services Act”) and Italian 
CONSOB regulations; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or, to the extent applicable, Article 100 of the 
Consolidated Financial Services Act, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 
May 1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws.  
Moreover, and subject to the foregoing, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of 
copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in Italy under (a) or (b) 
above must be made: 
(a) 
by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
Italy in accordance with the Consolidated Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 
of 1 September 1993, as amended from time to time (the “Banking Act”) and CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended from time to time; and 
(b) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant 
to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as 
amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority.  
Any investor purchasing the Notes in this offering is exclusively responsible for ensuring that any 
offer or resale of the Notes it purchased in this offering occurs in compliance with applicable laws 
and regulations.  
Norway 
For selling restrictions in respect of Norway please see “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
above. 
In no circumstances may an offer of Notes denominated in Norwegian Kroner be made in the 
Norwegian market without the Notes being registered in Euronext Securities Oslo  (formally named

--- Page 322 ---
Subscription and Sale 
322 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA) in dematerialised form or in another central securities depository which is 
properly authorised or recognised in Norway as being entitled to register the Notes pursuant to 
Regulation (EU) No 909/2014, to the extent that such an offer requires the Notes to be registered, 
in accordance with the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act (Nw. Verdipapirsentralloven 
2019) and ancillary regulations. 
 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Accordingly, Notes are being offered and sold only outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in 
reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Additionally, Notes should be offered and sold only to purchasers (A) that are not (i) employee benefit 
plans as described in Section 3(3) of Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended (“ERISA”) subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) a plan subject to Section 4975 of the Code, or (iii) 
a non-U.S. plan, governmental plan or a church plan which is subject to any non-U.S., federal, state 
or local law that is substantially similar to the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of 
the Code, or (iv) an entity whose assets are treated as assets of any plan described in (i), (ii) and (iii) 
above, or (B) whose acquisition, holding or disposition of Notes does not and will not constitute a 
prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or in the case of a 
non-U.S., governmental or church plan, any substantially similar provisions of any non-U.S., federal, 
state or local law) unless an exemption is available with respect to such transactions and all the 
conditions of such exemption have been satisfied.Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer 
Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, deliver Notes (i) as part 
of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution 
of an identifiable tranche of which such Notes are a part (the “Distribution Compliance Period”), 
as determined and certified to the Fiscal Agent by such Dealer (or, in the case of an identifiable 
tranche of Notes sold to or through more than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers with respect to 
Notes of an identifiable tranche purchased by or through it, in which case the Fiscal Agent shall notify 
such Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified), within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
Distribution Compliance Period a confirmation or other notice setting out the restrictions on offers 
and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Notes, 
an offer or sale of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in 
the offering of such tranche of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Materialised Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder.

--- Page 323 ---
Subscription and Sale 
323 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, 
directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws, 
ministerial guidelines and regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, a “resident of Japan” 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the 
laws of Japan. 
Hong Kong  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Notes other than (a) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in 
other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in 
the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong 
(the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have 
in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents 
of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to 
do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or 
are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional 
investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
PRC 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been offered or sold and may not 
be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the PRC (for such purposes, not including the Hong Kong 
Special Administrative Region, the Macau Special Administrative Regions or Taïwan), except as 
permitted by applicable laws and regulations of the PRC. 
Further, no PRC persons may directly or indirectly purchase any of the Notes or any beneficial 
interest therein without obtaining all prior approvals or completing all registrations or filings that are 
required from PRC regulators, whether statutorily or otherwise. Persons who come into possession 
of this document are required by the Dealer and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
to observe these restrictions.

--- Page 324 ---
Subscription and Sale 
324 
Australia  
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia 
(“Corporations Act”)) in relation to the Programme or any Notes has been, or will be, lodged with 
the ASIC. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it:  
(a)  has not made or invited, and will not make or invite, an offer of the Notes for issue or sale in 
Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
 
(b)  has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, any prospectus or any other 
offering material or advertisement relating to any Notes in Australia, 
unless:  
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree is at least A$500,000 (or its 
equivalent in an alternate currency, in either case, disregarding moneys lent by the 
offeror or its associates) and the offer or invitation does not otherwise require disclosure 
to investors under Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Corporations Act;  
(ii) 
the offer or invitation does not constitute an offer to a “retail client” as defined for the 
purposes of section 761G of the Corporations Act;  
(iii) 
such action complies with any applicable laws, regulations and directives in Australia; 
and 
(iv) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC. 
Canada 
No prospectus in relation to the securities has been filed with the securities regulatory authority in 
any province or territory of Canada. Neither this Base Prospectus, nor any other offering material or 
any Final Terms are, and under no circumstances are to be construed as, an advertisement or a 
public offering of the securities in Canada. Each Dealer acknowledges that the securities have not 
been and will not be qualified for sale under the securities laws of Canada or any province or territory 
of Canada.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or distributed, and will not offer, 
sell or distribute, any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
thereof other than in compliance with the applicable securities laws of Canada or any province or 
territory of Canada. Notes offered in Canada may be subject to additional Canadian selling 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. Each Dealer will be required to agree 
that it will offer, sell or distribute such Notes only in compliance with such additional Canadian selling 
restrictions and each Dealer acknowledges and agrees that it will offer, sell or distribute such Notes 
only pursuant to an exemption from the requirement to file a prospectus in the province or territory 
of Canada in which such offer, sale or distribution is made. Each Dealer also represents and agrees 
that it has not and will not distribute or deliver this Base Prospectus, or any other offering material or 
any Final Terms in connection with any offering of the Notes in Canada other than in compliance 
with the applicable securities laws in Canada or any province or territory thereof. 
Taiwan, Republic of China (“ROC”) 
The Notes, if listed on the Taipei Exchange for sale to professional or general investors in Taiwan, 
the ROC, may be sold to all professional or general investors, as applicable, or, if not listed in the

--- Page 325 ---
Subscription and Sale 
325 
ROC, may be made available (i) to investors in the ROC through licensed ROC financial institutions 
to the extent permitted under relevant ROC laws and regulations; (ii) to the Offshore Banking Units 
of the ROC Banks purchasing the Notes either for their proprietary account or in trust for their non-
ROC trust clients; (iii) to the Offshore Securities Units of the ROC securities firms purchasing the 
Notes either for their proprietary account, in trust for their trust clients or as agent for their brokerage 
clients; (iv) to the Offshore Insurance Units of ROC Insurance companies purchasing the Notes for 
their proprietary account or in connection with the issuance of investment linked insurance policies 
to non-ROC policy holders; or (v) outside of the ROC to ROC resident investors for purchase by 
such investors outside the ROC, but may not, otherwise be offered, sold or resold in the ROC. 
Singapore 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only” as “Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not 
been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or 
cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document 
or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, 
whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the SFA (an “Institutional Investor”) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, 
or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) (an “Accredited Investor”) 
pursuant to the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus 
has not been, and will not be, registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore, 
under the SFA. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, 
this Base Prospectus, Final Terms or any other document or material in connection with the offer or 
sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any 
person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and 
in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, 
and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Investors should note that there may be restrictions on the secondary sale of the Notes under Section 
276 of the SFA. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP 
Regulations 2018, unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined 
that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) 
and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of

--- Page 326 ---
Subscription and Sale 
326 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
Korea 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Investment Services and 
Capital Markets Act of Korea (the “FSCMA”). Accordingly, each Dealer severally but not jointly has 
represented and agreed that the Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold or delivered, 
directly or indirectly, in Korea or to or for the account or benefit of any Korean resident (as such term 
is defined in the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law of Korea and its Enforcement Decree) except 
as otherwise permitted under applicable Korean laws and regulations. Furthermore, a holder of the 
Notes will be prohibited from offering, delivering or selling any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Korea 
or to any Korean resident for a period of one year from the date of issuance of the Notes except as 
otherwise permitted under applicable Korean laws and regulations. Each Dealer severally but not 
jointly undertakes to use commercially reasonable best measures as a Dealer in the ordinary course 
of its business so that any securities Dealer to which it sells the Notes confirms that it is purchasing 
such Notes as principal and agrees with such Dealer that it will comply with the restrictions described 
above. 
General 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, 
or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, 
in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus of any other offering material and neither 
the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility thereof.

--- Page 327 ---
327 
SENIOR AND SUBORDINATED DEBT SECURITIES IN ISSUE 
Between 31 December 2024 and 28 February 2025, the Issuer’s (parent company only) “debt 
securities in issue”, for which the maturity date as of 28 February 2025 is more than one year, did 
not increase by more than €37.7 billion, and “subordinated debt securities”, for which the maturity 
date as of 28 February 2025 is more than one year, did not increase by more than €6.8 billion.

--- Page 328 ---
328 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Capitalised terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus. 
1. 
Authorisations and Approval  
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the Republic 
of France in connection with the update of the Programme, including, in particular, the approval 
by the Board of Directors (conseil d’administration) of the Issuer of the update of the 
Programme and issuances thereunder on 4 February 2025.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent 
authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
On 4 April 2026, this Base Prospectus, as supplemented (as the case may be), will expire and 
the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, 
material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
In compliance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, application may also be made at 
the Issuer’s request for the notification of a certificate of approval to any competent authority 
of any EEA Member State. 
2. 
Ratings in connection with the Programme 
Standard & Poor’s assigns long and short-term Issuer Credit Ratings to Crédit Agricole S.A. 
and Crédit Agricole S.A.’s senior preferred debt of A+ / Stable outlook / A-1, Moody’s assigns 
long and short-term Issuer Ratings to Crédit Agricole S.A. and Crédit Agricole S.A.’s senior 
preferred debt of A1 / Stable outlook / P-1, and Fitch assigns long and short-term Issuer Default 
Ratings to Crédit Agricole S.A. and Crédit Agricole S.A.’s senior preferred debt of A+ (long 
term Issuer) / AA- (long term senior preferred debt) / Stable outlook / F1 (short term Issuer) / 
F1+ (short term senior preferred debt). 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. A rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. The credit ratings of the Issuer with respect to its long and 
short-term debt may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed in the section “Risk factors” of this Base Prospectus. Ratings can 
come under review at any time by rating agencies. Investors are invited to refer to the websites 
of the relevant rating agencies in order to have access to the latest ratings 
(www.standardandpoors.com, www.moodys.com and www.fitchratings.com). 
3. 
Significant change in the financial position or financial performance  
Except as disclosed in the Base Prospectus (including the information incorporated by 
reference) as the case may be, there has been no significant change in the financial position 
or financial performance of the Issuer or the Crédit Agricole Group since 31 December 2024.

--- Page 329 ---
General Information 
329 
4. 
Material adverse change in the prospects  
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (including the information incorporated by 
reference), there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the 
Crédit Agricole Group since 31 December 2024. 
5. 
Litigation  
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (including the information incorporated by 
reference), there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings pending or, to the 
Issuer’s knowledge, threatened against the Issuer, or any subsidiary of the Crédit Agricole 
Group during the 12 months prior to the date hereof which may have or have had in the recent 
past a significant effect, in the context of the issue of the Notes, on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer or the Crédit Agricole Group taken as a whole. 
6. 
Conflict of Interest 
To the best of the Issuer’s knowledge, no potential conflicts of interest exist between the duties 
of the Chief Executive Officer, the Deputy Chief Executive Officers and the members of the 
Board of Directors towards the Issuer and any other obligations or private interests. If 
necessary, Article 2 of the Rules of Procedure of the Issuer’s Board of Directors and Article 7 
of the Directors’ Code of Conduct of the Issuer governs conflicts of interest for directors. 
7. 
Suitability of retail investors in respect with Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Retail investors are only eligible to subscribe for Senior Non-Preferred Notes if they possess 
sufficient knowledge and experience to be considered sophisticated investors and have 
sufficient financial capacity and an appropriate investment horizon and risk tolerance. 
8. 
Conditions for determining the price and amount of Notes 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
9. 
Yield of the Notes 
The yield in respect of each issue of Fixed Rate Notes, Resettable Notes or Fixed / Floating 
Notes will be calculated on the basis of the Issue Price and will be indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms. The yield is not an indication of future price. 
10. 
Benchmark Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes, Fixed / Floating Rate Notes and/or 
Resettable Notes may be calculated by reference to, one or more “benchmarks” for the 
purpose of the Benchmark Regulation as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. The registration 
status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, 
save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base 
Prospectus or the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator. 
11. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named in 
the relevant Final Terms, as the stabilisation manager(s) (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect

--- Page 330 ---
General Information 
330 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilisation Manager(s)) will undertake 
stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if 
begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) 
in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
12. 
Clearing systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear France systems. The Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
The address of Euroclear is 1, boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42, avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. 
The address of Euroclear France is 10-12, place de la Bourse 75002Paris, France. 
13. 
Limitations under United States income tax laws 
Except for any Note issued in compliance with the TEFRA C rules, each Note, in bearer form 
and any corresponding Receipt, Coupon or Talon will bear the following legend: “Any United 
States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.” 
14. 
Availability of documents 
Copies of the audited consolidated and non-consolidated accounts of Crédit Agricole S.A. 
Group and the audited consolidated accounts of the Crédit Agricole Group, in each case, for 
the two most recent financial years, the bylaws (statuts) of the Issuer, the Final Terms and this 
Base Prospectus (including the Documents Incorporated by Reference and any supplement 
hereto) are available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and/or on the website 
of the Issuer (www.credit-agricole.com). 
An electronic copy of the Agency Agreement can be obtained by the Noteholders, upon 
demand to the Paying Agents.  
15. 
Statutory auditors of the Issuer 
Ernst & Young et Autres and PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit (joint independent statutory 
auditors) have audited the consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer for the 2023 financial year and the consolidated financial statements of the Crédit 
Agricole Group for the 2023 financial year.  
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit and Forvis Mazars SA (joint independent statutory auditors) 
have audited the consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the 
2024 financial year and the consolidated financial statements of the Crédit Agricole Group for 
the 2024 financial year.

--- Page 331 ---
General Information 
331 
Ernst & Young et Autres, PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit and Forvis Mazars SA belong to the 
Compagnie régionale des Commissaires aux comptes de Versailles et du Centre. 
16. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI) of the Issuer 
The legal entity identifier of the Issuer is 969500TJ5KRTCJQWXH05. 
17. 
Issuer’s website 
The website of the Issuer is www.credit-agricole.com. The information on such website does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
18. 
Information sourced by third parties 
The information sourced from third parties has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the 
Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third parties, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
19. 
Forward-looking statements 
This Base Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, “forward-looking 
statements”. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking 
terminology, including the terms “target”, “believes”, “estimates”, “plans”, “projects”, 
“anticipates”, “expects”, “intends”, “may”, “will” or “should” or, in each case, their negative or 
other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans, objectives, 
goals, future events or intentions. These forward-looking statements include all matters that 
are not historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this Base Prospectus 
and include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the Issuer’s, the Crédit Agricole S.A. 
Group’s or the Crédit Agricole Group’s intentions, beliefs or current expectations concerning, 
among other things, the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group’s or the Crédit Agricole Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial position, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies and the banking 
sector. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to 
future events and circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future 
performance and the actual results of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group’s operations, financial 
position and liquidity, and the development of the markets in which the Crédit Agricole S.A. 
Group or the Crédit Agricole Group operate, may differ materially from those described in, or 
suggested by, the forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus. In addition, 
even if the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group’s results of operations, financial position and liquidity, 
and the development of the markets and the industries in which the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group 
operates, are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Base 
Prospectus, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments 
in subsequent periods. A number of risks, uncertainties and other factors could cause results 
and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking 
statements.  
Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any 
forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus reflect the Issuer’s, the Crédit Agricole S.A. 
Group’s or the Crédit Agricole Group’s current view with respect to future events and are 
subject to risks relating to future events and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating 
to the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group’s or the Crédit Agricole Group’s business, results of

--- Page 332 ---
General Information 
332 
operations, financial position, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies and the banking sector. 
Investors should specifically consider the factors identified in this Base Prospectus, which 
could cause actual results to differ, before making an investment decision. Subject to all 
relevant laws, regulations or listing rules, the Issuer undertakes no obligation publicly to release 
the result of any revisions to any forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus that may 
occur due to any change in the Issuer’s expectations or to reflect events or circumstances after 
the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 333 ---
Glossary 
333 
GLOSSARY 
“1988 Guarantee” has the meaning given in the section Information about the Issuer and the Crédit 
Agricole Group of the Base Prospectus. 
“2013 FBF Master Agreement” means the 2013 Fédération Bancaire Française Master Agreement 
relating to transactions on forward financial instruments. 
“20 August 2015 Decree Law” means the French decree-law No. 2015-1024 dated 20 August 2015 
(Ordonnance portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union 
européenne en matière financière) ratified on 9 December 2016 (Loi relative à la transparence, à la 
lutte contre la corruption et à la modernisation de la vie économique), as amended or replaced from 
time to time. 
“21 December 2020 Decree Law” means the French decree-law No. 2020-1636 dated 21 December 
2020 (Ordonnance relative au régime de résolution dans le secteur bancaire), as amended and 
replaced from time to time. 
“2023 URD” has the meaning given in the section Documents Incorporated by Reference of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“2024 URD” has the meaning given in the section Documents Incorporated by Reference of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“2023 SREP” has the meaning given in the section Risk Factors of the Base Prospectus. 
“2024 Results Presentation” has the meaning given in the section Update to the documents 
incorporated by reference of the Base Prospectus. 
“2024 Results Presentation Appendices” has the meaning given in the section Update to the 
documents incorporated by reference of the Base Prospectus 
“2024 SREP” has the meaning given in the section Risk Factors of the Base Prospectus. 
“2025 Medium Term Plan Press Release” has the meaning given in the section Documents 
Incorporated by Reference of the Base Prospectus. 
“Additional Calculation Date” means any day (other than a Quarterly Financial Period End Date) 
on which the CET1 Capital Ratio is calculated. 
“Additional Tier 1 Capital” has the meaning given in Condition 7(d) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Account Holder” means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts, 
directly or indirectly, on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France and includes Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
“Accredited Investor” has the meaning given in the section Subscription and Sale of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“ACPR” refers to the French Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution. 
“Act” has the meaning given in the section Taxation - UK Taxation of the Base Prospectus. 
“Affected Payment Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Agency Agreement” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 334 ---
334 
“Agents” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Alternate Appointed Representative” has the meaning given in Condition 12(a) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Amendment A.01 to the 2023 URD” has the meaning given in the section Documents Incorporated 
by Reference of the Base Prospectus. 
“Amendment A.01 to the 2024 URD” has the meaning given in the section Documents Incorporated 
by Reference of the Base Prospectus. 
“AML Authority” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of 
credit institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“AML/CFT” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“AMLA Regulation” has the meaning given in the section Government Supervision and Regulation 
of Credit Institutions in France of the Base Prospectus 
“Amounts Due” has the meaning given in Condition 18 of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“AMF” refers to the French Autorité des marchés financiers. 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” has the meaning given in Condition 7(k) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
“Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations” has the meaning given in Condition 7(c) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Appointed Representatives” has the meaning given in Condition 12(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Arranger” means Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank.  
“ASIC” means the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. 
“Authorised Offeror” has the meaning given in the section Conditions attached to the consent of 
the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus of the Base Prospectus. 
“Authorised Offeror Terms” has the meaning given in the section Conditions attached to the 
consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus of the Base Prospectus. 
“Bail-in Tool” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“Bank Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Base Prospectus” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“Benchmark” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled Changes in the method by which 
EURIBOR or other Benchmarks are determined, or the discontinuation of any benchmark, may 
adversely affect the rate of interest on or value of Benchmark Notes in the section Risk Factors of 
the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 335 ---
335 
“Benchmark Event” has the meaning given in Condition 5(m) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Benchmark Notes” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled Changes in the method by 
which EURIBOR or other Benchmarks are determined, or the discontinuation of any benchmark, 
may adversely affect the rate of interest on or value of Benchmark Notes in the section Risk 
Factors of the Base Prospectus. 
“Benchmark Regulation” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled Changes in the method 
by which EURIBOR or other Benchmarks are determined, or the discontinuation of any benchmark, 
may adversely affect the rate of interest on or value of Benchmark Notes in the section Risk Factors 
of the Base Prospectus. 
“Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“BoC Banking Day” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“BOC Target Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Broken Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, 
as amended or replaced from time to time or, as the case may be, any implementation provision 
under French law. 
“BRRD Implementation Decree Laws” means the 20 August 2015 Decree Law and the 21 
December 2020 (each as amended for time to time). 
“Business Center” means the business center specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Business Day” has the meaning given in Condition 5(m) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“CAD Recommended Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Calculation Agent(s)” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, of the Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
“Capital Event” has the meaning given in Condition 7(d) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Capital Instruments” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled The Notes may be subject to 
mandatory write-down or conversion to equity under European and French laws relating to bank 
recovery and resolution in the section Risk Factors of the Base Prospectus. 
“Capital Ratio Event” has the meaning given in Condition 6(a) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Capital Subordinated Obligations” has the meaning given in Condition 3(a)(ii) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 336 ---
336 
“CAR Determination Agent” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“CAR Index Cessation Effective Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“CAR Index Cessation Event” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“CDR” means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 241/2014 of 7 January 2014 
supplementing the CRR Regulation with regard to regulatory technical standards for own funds and 
requirements for institutions (Capital Delegated Regulation), as amended or replaced from time to 
time. 
“CET1 Capital” means all amounts that constitute common equity tier 1 capital of the Crédit Agricole 
S.A. Group or the Crédit Agricole Group, as the case may be, as calculated in accordance with 
Chapter 2 (Common Equity Tier 1 Capital) of Title I (Elements of Own Funds) of Part Two (Own 
Funds) as well as transitional provisions described in Part Ten (Transitional Provisions, Reports, 
Reviews and Amendments) of the CRR Regulation (or any successor provision), as interpreted and 
applied by the Relevant Regulator, as calculated by the Issuer (which calculation shall be binding on 
the Noteholders) in respect of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group or the Crédit Agricole Group, as 
applicable, on a consolidated basis in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations 
applicable to the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group or the Crédit Agricole Group, as the case may be. 
“CET1 Capital Ratio” means, at any time, the ratio of the CET1 Capital of the Crédit Agricole S.A. 
Group or the Crédit Agricole Group, as applicable, to the Total Risk Exposure Amount of the Crédit 
Agricole S.A. Group or the Crédit Agricole Group, as the case may be, as of the same date, 
expressed as a percentage. 
“Chairman” has the meaning given in Condition 12(c) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Clean-up Percentage” has the meaning given in Condition 7(f) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking, S.A. (42, Avenue J.F Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg, Luxembourg). 
“Climate Delegated Act” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled Risks related to Green 
Notes and Social Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“CMS Linked Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 5(f) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus.  
“CMS Rate”, “CMS Rate1” and “CMS Rate2” have the meaning given in Condition 5(f) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“CMS Rate Determination Agent” has the meaning given in Condition 5(f) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“CMT Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a)(ii) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“CMT Rate Maturity” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a)(ii) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“CMT Rate Screen Page” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a)(ii) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 337 ---
337 
“CNCA” has the meaning given in the section Information about the Issuer and the Crédit Agricole 
Group of the Base Prospectus. 
“COBS” has the meaning given in the section Form of Final Terms of the Base Prospectus. 
“Code” has the meaning given in Condition 8(d) of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of 
the Base Prospectus. 
“Collective Decisions” has the meanings given in Condition 12(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus, as applicable. 
“Commission’s Proposal” has the meaning given in the section Taxation - France Taxation of the 
Base Prospectus. 
“Common Depositary” has the meaning given in the section Temporary Global Certificates issued 
in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Complementary Climate Delegated Act” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled Risks 
related to Green Notes and Social Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Conditional Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in Condition 5(f) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Conditions” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Consolidated Financial Statements 2021 for the Crédit Agricole Group” has the meaning given 
in the section Documents Incorporated by Reference of the Base Prospectus. 
“Consolidated Financial Statements 2021 for the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group” has the meaning 
given in the section Documents Incorporated by Reference of the Base Prospectus. 
“Consolidated Net Income of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group” means the consolidated net income 
(excluding minority interests) of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group, as calculated and set out in the last 
audited annual consolidated accounts of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group adopted by the Issuer’s 
shareholders’ general meeting. 
“Consolidated Net Income of the Crédit Agricole Group” means the consolidated net income 
(excluding minority interests) of the Crédit Agricole Group, as calculated and set out in the last 
published audited annual consolidated accounts of the Crédit Agricole Group. 
“Convertible Additional Tier 1 Instrument” means an instrument that is (i) treated upon issuance 
or creation as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group and the Crédit Agricole 
Group, and (ii) convertible into instruments constituting CET1 Capital of the Crédit Agricole S.A. 
Group and the Crédit Agricole Group upon the occurrence of a Capital Ratio Event (or an event 
bearing a different name but identical in substance to a Capital Ratio Event). 
 
“COREP” means the harmonised European reporting framework issued by the European Banking 
Authority for credit institutions and investment firms pursuant to CRD V. 
“COREP Reporting Date” means each day on which the Issuer submits a capital ratio report with 
respect to the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group or the Crédit Agricole Group to the Relevant Regulator 
pursuant to COREP in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations. 
“Corporations Act” has the meaning given in the section Subscription and Sale – Australia of the 
Base Prospectus. 
“CORRA Applicable Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 338 ---
338 
“CORRA Benchmark” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“CORRA Compound (daily)” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“CORRA Index Determination” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“CORRA Rate Administrator” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“CORRA” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
of the Base Prospectus. 
“Corresponding Tenor” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Coupons” has the meaning given in Condition 1(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“CPI” has the meaning given Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the 
Base Prospectus. 
"CRA Regulation" has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“CRD Directive” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms dated 26 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time, or, as the case 
may be, any implementation provision under French law. 
“CRD V” means, taken together, (i) the CRD Directive and (ii) the CRR Regulation. 
“Crédit Agricole Group” has the meaning given in the section Information about the Issuer and the 
Crédit Agricole Group of the Base Prospectus. 
“Crédit Agricole Group 2025 SREP requirements” has the meaning given in the section Solvency 
and Resolution Ratios of the Base Prospectus. 
“Crédit Agricole Network” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled If the Guarantee Fund 
proves insufficient to restore liquidity and solvency of any network member or affiliate that may 
encounter future financial difficulty, the Issuer may be required to contribute additional funds and, in 
an extreme case, the Noteholders may suffer material adverse financial consequences in the section 
Risk Factors of the Base Prospectus. 
“Crédit Agricole S.A. Group” has the meaning given in the section Information about the Issuer 
and the Crédit Agricole Group of the Base Prospectus. 
“CRR Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended or replaced from time to time. 
“CRR Regulation Amendments” has the meaning given in the section Government Supervision 
and Regulation of Credit Institution in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“CRD Directive Amendments” has the meaning given in the section Government Supervision and 
Regulation of Credit Institution in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“Current Principal Amount” means at any time:

--- Page 339 ---
339 
(a) 
with respect to the Deeply Subordinated Notes or a Deeply Subordinated Note (as the 
context requires), the principal amount thereof, calculated on the basis of the Original 
Principal Amount, as such amount may be reduced, on one or more occasions, pursuant to 
the application of the loss absorption mechanism and/or reinstated on one or more 
occasions following a Return to Financial Health, as the case may be, as such terms are 
defined in, and pursuant to, Conditions 6(a) (Loss Absorption) and 6(c) (Return to Financial 
Health) of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus, 
respectively; or 
(b) with respect to any other Loss Absorbing Instrument, the principal amount thereof (or 
amount analogous to a principal amount), calculated on an analogous basis to the 
calculation of the Current Principal Amount of the Deeply Subordinated Notes. 
“C(WUMP)O” has the meaning given in the section Subscription and Sale – Hong Kong of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“day” means, unless otherwise provided for, a calendar day. 
“Day Count Fraction” has the meaning given Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Dealer” means all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as dealers in respect of one or 
more Tranches. 
“Dealer Agreement” has the meaning given in the section Subscription and Sale - Summary of 
Dealer Agreement of the Base Prospectus. 
“Deeply Subordinated Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 3 of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Deeply Subordinated Obligations” has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(a)(ii) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 1(a) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Dematerialised Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 1(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Designated Maturity” has the meaning given to this term in the ISDA Definitions. 
“Determination Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(m) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Determination Period” has the meaning given in Condition 5(m) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Discretionary Temporary Write-Down Instrument” means, at any time, any instrument (other 
than the Notes and the Issuer’s Shares) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer which at such time 
(a) qualifies as Tier 1 Capital of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group or the Crédit Agricole Group, (b) has 
had all or some of its principal amount written down, (c) has terms providing for a reinstatement of 
its principal amount upon a Return to Financial Health at the Issuer’s discretion, and (d) is not subject 
to any transitional arrangements under CRD V. 
“Distance to the Additional Subordinated MREL Requirement” has the meaning given in the 
section Solvency and Resolution Ratios of the Base Prospectus. 
“Distance to the TLAC Requirement” has the meaning given in the section Solvency and 
Resolution Ratios of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 340 ---
340 
“Distance to the Total MREL Requirement” has the meaning given in the section Solvency and 
Resolution Ratios of the Base Prospectus. 
“Distribution Compliance Period” has the meaning given in the section Subscription and Sale – 
United States of the Base Prospectus. 
“Distributable Items” means, at any Interest Payment Date, the amount of the profits of the Issuer 
for the financial year ended immediately prior to such Interest Payment Date plus any profits brought 
forward and reserves available for that purpose before payments to holders of Own Funds 
Instruments (whether in the form of dividends, interest or otherwise), less any losses brought forward, 
profits which are non-distributable pursuant to Applicable Banking Regulations or the Issuer’s 
by- laws from time to time and sums placed to non-distributable reserves, in each case, in 
accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations or the Issuer’s by-laws from time to time, such 
profits, losses and reserves being determined on the basis of the unconsolidated audited annual 
financial statements of the Issuer in respect of such financial year. 
“distributor” has the meaning given in the section Subscription and Sale – Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors of the Base Prospectus. 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference” has the meaning given in the section Documents 
Incorporated by Reference of the Base Prospectus. 
“Early Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 7(l) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Early Termination Event” has the meaning given in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“ECB” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“ECB Recommended Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” has the meaning given in Condition 
5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the 
section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism” means Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013 establishing a single 
supervisory mechanism for credit institutions of the euro-zone and opt-in countries. 
“ECB’s Website” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“EDFR” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
of the Base Prospectus. 
“EDFR Spread” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“EEA” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“EEA Member State” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“Electronic Consent” has the meaning given in Condition 12(a) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Eligible Activity” has the meaning given in the section Use of Proceeds of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 341 ---
341 
“Eligible Green Assets” has the meaning given in the section Use of Proceeds of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Eligible Liabilities” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation 
of credit institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“Eligible Social Assets” has the meaning given in the section Use of Proceeds of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“EMMI” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled Changes in the method by which EURIBOR 
or other Benchmarks are determined, or the discontinuation of any benchmark, may adversely affect 
the rate of interest on or value of Benchmark Notes in the section Risk Factors of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“ERISA” has the meaning given in the section Subscription and Sale – United States of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“€STR” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
of the Base Prospectus. 
“€STR Compound with Lookback” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)4 of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“€STR Compound with Observation Shift” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)4 of the 
section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“€STR Rate of Interest Determination” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)4 of the 
section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“€STR Replacement Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“€STR Screen Page” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“proposal for an EU Green Bond Standard” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled Risks 
related to Green Notes and Social Notes in the section Risk Factors of the Base Prospectus. 
“EURIBOR” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled Changes in the method by which 
EURIBOR or other Benchmarks are determined, or the discontinuation of any benchmark, may 
adversely affect the rate of interest on or value of Benchmark Notes in the section Risk Factors of 
the Base Prospectus. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV (1, Boulevard du roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium). 
“Euroclear France” means Euroclear France S.A. (10-12, Place de la Bourse, 75002 Paris, France). 
“EUWA” has the meaning given in the section Important Notices of the Base Prospectus. 
“Exception” has the meaning given in the section Taxation – France Taxation of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Exchange Date” means, with respect to Materialised Bearer Notes, in relation to a Temporary 
Global Certificate, the first Business Day falling on or after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after 
its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior to such day

--- Page 342 ---
342 
pursuant to Condition 13 of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Exchange Date shall 
be postponed to the first Business Day falling on or after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after 
the issue of such further Materialised Notes. 
“Exercise Notice” has the meaning given in Condition 7(g) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Existing Additional Tier 1 Instruments” means the following capital instruments: (i) GBP 500 
million Undated Deeply Subordinated Additional Tier 1 Fixed Rate Resettable Notes issued on 8 
April 2014 (ISIN: XS1055037920); (ii) U.S.$1,250 million Undated Deeply Subordinated Additional 
Tier 1 Fixed Rate Resettable Notes issued on 19 January 2016 (ISIN: US225313AJ46 / 
USF2R125CD54); (iii) EUR 750 million Undated Deeply Subordinated Additional Tier 1 Fixed Rate 
Resettable Notes issued on 14 October 2020 (ISIN: FR0013533999); (iv) GBP 396.684 million 
Undated Deeply Subordinated Additional Tier 1 Fixed Rate Resettable Notes issued in two tranches 
on 9 June 2021 and 23 June 2021 (ISIN: XS2353099638 / XS2353100402); (v) U.S.$1,250 million 
Undated Deeply Subordinated Additional Tier 1 Fixed Rate Resettable Notes issued on 11 January 
2022 (ISIN: USF2R125CJ25 / US225313AP06); (vi) EUR 1,250 million Undated Deeply 
Subordinated Additional Tier 1 Fixed Rate Resettable Notes issued on 10 January 2023 (ISIN: 
FR001400F067); (vii) EUR 1,250 million Undated Deeply Subordinated Additional Tier 1 Fixed Rate 
Resettable Notes issued on 9 January 2024 (ISIN: FR001400N2U2); and (viii) any deeply 
subordinated notes that constitute Additional Tier 1 Capital issued by the Issuer (including acting 
through its London Branch) under the Programme pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in 
the corresponding Base Prospectus dated 5 April 2024. 
“extended SPE” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of 
credit institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“FATCA” has the meaning given in Condition 8(d) of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
of the Base Prospectus. 
“FBF” means the Fédération Bancaire Française. 
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
transactions on forward financial instruments (as supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs 
Techniques) as published by the FBF (together the “FBF Master Agreement”). 
“FBF Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“FCA” means the UK Financial Conduct Authority. 
“FFIs” has the meaning given in the section Taxation - United States Taxation - Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act of the Base Prospectus. 
“Final Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 7(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Final Terms” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“Financial Center” means the financial center specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Financial Instruments and Exchange Act” has the meaning given in the section Subscription and 
Sale – Japan of the Base Prospectus. 
“First Margin” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 343 ---
343 
“First Reset Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“First Reset Period” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Fiscal Agent” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Fitch” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Fixed / Floating Rate Notes” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the Condition 
5 of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Fixed Rate Notes” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of Condition 5 of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Fixed Rate Resettable Note” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Floating Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Floating Rate Business Day Convention” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Floating Rate Determination Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Floating Rate Notes” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the Condition 5 of the 
section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Floating Rate Option” has the meaning given to this term in the ISDA Definitions. 
“Following Business Day Convention” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“French Withholding” has the meaning given in Condition 9(a) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“FSB TLAC Term Sheet” has the meaning given in Condition 7(c) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“FSMA” has the meaning given in the section Subscription and Sale – UK of the Base Prospectus. 
“G-SIBs” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“Gearing Factor” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“General Consent” has the meaning given in paragraph 2 of the section Conditions attached to the 
consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus of the Base Prospectus. 
“General Meeting” has the meanings given in Condition 12(a) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus, as applicable.

--- Page 344 ---
344 
“Governmental Authority” has the meaning given in Condition 8(i) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Green Bond Framework” has the meaning given in the section Use of Proceeds of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Green Bond Principles” has the meaning given in the section Use of Proceeds of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Green Notes” has the meaning given in the section Use of Proceeds of the Base Prospectus. 
“Gross-Up Event” has the meaning given in Condition 7(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Guarantee Fund” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled If the Guarantee Fund proves 
insufficient to restore liquidity and solvency of any network member or affiliate that may encounter 
future financial difficulty, the Issuer may be required to contribute additional funds and, in an extreme 
case, the Noteholders may suffer material adverse financial consequences in the section Risk 
Factors of the Base Prospectus. 
“HCSF” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“HICP” has the meaning given in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of 
the Base Prospectus. 
“HKMA” means the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. 
“HMRC” has the meaning given in the section Taxation – UK Taxation of the Base Prospectus. 
“ICMA” has the meaning given in the section Use of Proceeds of the Base Prospectus. 
“ICS” has the meaning given in the section Use of Proceeds of the Base Prospectus. 
“Illiquidity” has the meaning given in Condition 8 of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
of the Base Prospectus. 
“Inconvertibility” has the meaning given in Condition 8 of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Index” or “Index Level” has the meaning given in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Inflation Indices” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled CMS Linked Notes and Inflation 
Linked Notes in the section Risk Factors of the Base Prospectus. 
“Inflation Linked Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“INSEE” means the French Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques. 
“Instalment Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 7(a) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Instalment Date” has the meaning given in Condition 7(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Instalment Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 7(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 345 ---
345 
“Institutional Investor” has the meaning given in the section Subscription and Sale of the Base 
Prospectus. 
"Insurance Distribution Directive" means Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution. 
“Interest Accrual Period” has the meaning given in Condition 5(m) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Interest Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 5(m) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Interest Commencement Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(m) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(m) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Interest Payment Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(m) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified. 
“Interest Period” has the meaning given in Condition 5(m) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Interest Period Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(m) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Investor's Currency” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled Foreign currency notes 
expose Investors to foreign-exchange risk as well as to issuer risk in the section Risk Factors of the 
Base Prospectus. 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor. 
“ISDA Definitions” means either (i) the 2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) the 2021 ISDA Definitions as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to any Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series) as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org). 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to any Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), 
as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org).  
“ISDA Fallback Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“ISDA Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) or Condition 5(f) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“ISDA Spread Adjustment” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in Condition 1(d) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Issuer” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“Issuer’s Shares” means any classes of share capital or other equity securities issued by the Issuer 
(including but not limited to actions de préférence (preference shares)).

--- Page 346 ---
346 
“ITA” has the meaning given in the section Taxation of the Base Prospectus. 
“L-MDA” has the meaning given in the section Solvency and Resolution Ratios of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Local Banks” has the meaning given in the section Information about the Issuer and the Crédit 
Agricole Group of the Base Prospectus. 
“Loss Absorbing Instrument” means, at any time, any instrument (other than the Notes and the 
Issuer’s Shares) issued or borrowed directly or indirectly by the Issuer which at such time (a) qualifies 
as Tier 1 Capital of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group or the Crédit Agricole Group (as applicable), and 
(b) which also has all or some of its principal amount written down (whether on a permanent or 
temporary basis) (in each case in accordance with its conditions or otherwise) on the occurrence, or 
as a result, of a Capital Ratio Event. 
“Loss Absorption Effective Date” means the date that will be specified as such in any Loss 
Absorption Notice, being the date on which the Write-Down will take effect. 
“Loss Absorption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Loss Absorption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus.  
“M-MDA” has the meaning given in the section Solvency and Resolution Ratios of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 7(l) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Margin” has the meaning given in Condition 7(l) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 7(l) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Margin” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Masse” has the meanings given in Condition 12(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
of the Base Prospectus, as applicable. 
“Materialised Bearer Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 1(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Materialised Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 1(a) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in Condition 1(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Maximum Distributable Amount of the Crédit Agricole Group” means, if applicable, any 
maximum distributable amount relating to the Crédit Agricole Group required to be calculated in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and, in particular, the CRD Directive, the BRRD 
and the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation. 
“Maximum Distributable Amount of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group” means, if applicable, any 
maximum distributable amount relating to the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group required to be calculated 
in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and, in particular, the CRD Directive, the 
BRRD and the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation.

--- Page 347 ---
347 
“Maximum Write-Up Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c) (Return to Financial 
Health) of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“MDA” has the meaning given in the section Solvency and Resolution Ratios of the Base Prospectus. 
“Member of the Crédit Agricole Network” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled If the 
Guarantee Fund proves insufficient to restore liquidity and solvency of any network member or 
affiliate that may encounter future financial difficulty, the Issuer may be required to contribute 
additional funds and, in an extreme case, the Noteholders may suffer material adverse financial 
consequences in the section Risk Factors of the Base Prospectus. 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Mid-Swap Maturity” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Mid-Swap Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus.  
“Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“MiFID II” has the meaning given in the section Important Notices of the Base Prospectus. 
“MiFID II Product Governance Rules” has the meaning given in the section Important Notices of 
the Base Prospectus. 
“Modified EDFR” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the 
section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Moody’s” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“MREL” has the meaning given in Condition 7(c) of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
of the Base Prospectus. 
“MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event” has the meaning given in Condition 7(c) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instrument” has the meaning given in Condition 7(c) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“No Adjustment Business Day Convention” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Non-consolidated Financial Statements 2021 for the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group” has the 
meaning given in the section Documents Incorporated by Reference of the Base Prospectus. 
“Non-Cooperative State” has the meaning given in the section Taxation – France Taxation of the 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 348 ---
348 
“Non-Exempt Offer” has the meaning given in paragraph 1 of the section Conditions attached to 
the consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus of the Base Prospectus. 
“Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction” has the meaning given in paragraph 1 of the section Conditions 
attached to the consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus of the Base Prospectus. 
“Non-Transferability” has the meaning given in Condition 8(i) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Noteholder” has the meaning given in Condition 1(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Notes” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
“NPFFI” has the meaning given in the section Taxation - United States Taxation - Foreign Account 
Tax Compliance Act of the Base Prospectus. 
“NY Federal Reserve” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
“NY Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of the NY Federal Reserve, currently at 
www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the NY Federal Reserve or the website of any 
successor administrator of SOFR. 
“O-SIBs” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“Offer of Notes to the Public” means, in relation to any Notes in any Relevant State, the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
“Offer Period” has the meaning given in paragraph 1 of the section Conditions attached to the 
consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus of the Base Prospectus. 
“Optional Redemption Amount” means the optional redemption amount of the relevant Notes as 
determined in accordance with Condition 7(m) of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of 
the Base Prospectus. 
“Optional Redemption Date” has the meaning given in Condition 7(e) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Original Principal Amount” means, in respect of each Deeply Subordinated Note, the amount of 
the denomination of such Note on the relevant Issue Date, not taking into account any Write-down 
or Reinstatement pursuant to Conditions 6(a) or 6(c) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Original Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus.  
“Other Subordinated Obligations” has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(a)(ii) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“outstanding” has the meaning given Condition 5(m) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Own Funds Instruments” means (subject as otherwise defined in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations from time to time) capital instruments issued or borrowed by the Issuer that qualify as 
CET1 Capital, Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital instruments.

--- Page 349 ---
349 
“P1R” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“P2R” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“Participating Member States” has the meaning given in the section Taxation – France Taxation of 
the Base Prospectus. 
“Paying Agents” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“PBoC” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled Risks relating to Notes denominated in 
Renminbi in the section Risk Factors of the Base Prospectus. 
“Permanent Dealers” means Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and such additional 
persons that are appointed as Dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment 
has not been terminated). 
“Pillar 1 subordinated MREL requirement” has the meaning given in the section Government 
supervision and regulation of credit institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“Pillar 2 add-on subordinated MREL requirement” has the meaning given in the section 
Government supervision and regulation of credit institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“PRC” has the meaning given in Condition 5(m) of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of 
the Base Prospectus. 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“PRIIPs Regulation” has the meaning given in the section Important Notices of the Base Prospectus. 
“Primary Appointed Representative” has the meaning given in Condition 12(a) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Programme” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“Prospectus” has the meaning given in paragraph 1 of the section Conditions attached to the 
consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus of the Base Prospectus. 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129, as amended of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities 
are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive (EC) 
2003/71. 
“Quarterly Basis Screen Page” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus.  
“Quarterly Financial Period End Date” means the last day of each financial quarter. 
“Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in Condition 5(m) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
"Rebased Index" has the meaning given in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Receipts” has the meaning given in Condition 1(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 350 ---
350 
“Recommended Alternative Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Redemption Amounts” has the meaning given in Condition 5(m) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in Condition 5(m) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reference Dealers” has the meaning given in Condition 7(l) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reference Dealer Quotation” means the average of the four quotations given by the Reference 
Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the fourth Business 
Day preceding the due date for redemption at 11:00 a.m. (CET). 
“Reference Government Bond” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealers” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reference Government Bond Price” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reference Government Bond Quotations” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reference Government Bond Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reference Month” has the meaning given in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(m) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reference Rate Determination Agent” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reference Screen Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 7(l) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reference Security” has the meaning given in Condition 7(l) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Regional Banks” has the meaning given in the section Information about the Issuer and the Crédit 
Agricole Group of the Base Prospectus. 
“Registration Agent” has the meaning given in Condition 1(a) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Regulated Entity” has the meaning given in Condition 18(a) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Regulated Market” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“Regulation S” has the meaning given in the section Important Notices of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reinstatement” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 351 ---
351 
“Relevant Authority” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Relevant Consolidated Net Income” has the meaning specified in Condition 6(c) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Relevant Date” has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Relevant Factor” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled CMS Linked Notes and Inflation 
Linked Notes in the section Risk Factors of the Base Prospectus. 
“Relevant Governmental Body” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Relevant Inter-Bank Market” has the meaning given in Condition 5(m) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Relevant Level” has the meaning given in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Relevant Maximum Distributable Amount” means the lower of the Maximum Distributable 
Amount of the Crédit Agricole Group and the Maximum Distributable Amount of the Crédit Agricole 
S.A. Group. 
“Relevant Regulator” has the meaning given in Condition 7(j) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” has the meaning given in Condition 7(c) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Relevant Screen Page” has the meaning given in Condition 5(m) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Relevant Screen Page Time” has the meaning given in Condition 5(m) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Relevant State” has the meaning given in the section Subscription and Sale of the Base Prospectus. 
“Relevant Time” means the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, unless otherwise 
specified in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
“Relevant Total Tier 1 Capital” has the meaning specified in Condition 6(c) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Renminbi Dealer” has the meaning given in Condition 8(i) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Replacement CMS Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(f) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Replacement Mid-Swap Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Replacement Reference Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Replacement Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the 
section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 352 ---
352 
“Representative” has the meanings given in Condition 12(a) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus, as applicable. 
“Reset Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reset Determination Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reset Period” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reset Reference Banks” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reset Reference Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Resolution(s)” has the meaning given in Condition 12(c) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Return to Financial Health” has the meaning specified in Condition 6(c) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reuters Page USDSOFR=” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“RMB” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled Risks relating to Notes denominated in 
Renminbi in the section Risk Factors of the Base Prospectus. 
“RMB Clearing Banks” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled Risks relating to Notes 
denominated in Renminbi in the section Risk Factors of the Base Prospectus. 
“RMB Settlement Centre” means Hong-Kong, or the financial centre(s) specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
“RMB Note(s)” has the meaning given in Condition 5(m) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Agent” has the meaning given in Condition 8(i) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Business Day” has the meaning given in Condition 8(i) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Date” has the meaning given in Condition 8(i) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“RMB Spot Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 8(i) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“ROC” has the meaning given in the section Subscription and Sale of the Base Prospectus. 
“Rules” has the meaning given in paragraph 2 of the section Conditions attached to the consent of 
the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus of the Base Prospectus. 
“RWAs” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“SAION” means the Swiss Average Index Overnight.

--- Page 353 ---
353 
“SAION Index” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SAION Index End” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SAION Index Start” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SARON” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
of the Base Prospectus. 
“SARON Administrator” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SARON Administrator Website” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SARON Index Cessation Effective Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SARON Index Cessation Event” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the 
section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SARON Recommended Replacement Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the 
section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SARON Recommending Body” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SARON Replacement Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SARON Screen Page” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Screen Page Reference Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Screen Page Semi-Semi Mid-Swap Reference Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of 
the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus.  
“Second Party Opinion” has the meaning given in the section Use of Proceeds of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Second Reset Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Securities Act” has the meaning given in the section Important Notices of the Base Prospectus. 
“Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Benchmark Trigger Event” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) 
of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus.  
“Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) 
of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 354 ---
354 
“Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate Quotations” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the 
section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus.  
“Semi-Quarterly Mid-Swap Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus.  
“Semi-Semi Mid-Swap Reference Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus.  
“Senior Non-Preferred Notes” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph and Condition 
3 of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” has the meaning given in Condition 3(a) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Senior Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 3 of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Senior Preferred Notes” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph and Condition 3 of 
the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Senior Preferred Obligations” has the meaning given in Condition 3(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Series” has the meaning given in Condition 1(d) of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
of the Base Prospectus. 
“Settlement Arrangements” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled Risks relating to Notes 
denominated in Renminbi in the section Risk Factors of the Base Prospectus. 
“SFA” means a reference to the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (a reference to any 
term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that term as modified or 
amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be applicable at the 
relevant time). 
“SFO” has the meaning given in the section Subscription and Sale – Hong Kong of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Similar Security” has the meaning given in Condition 7(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Single Resolution Board” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and 
regulation of credit institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“Single Resolution Fund” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and 
regulation of credit institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure 
for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a single 
resolution mechanism and a single resolution fund, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
“SIX Swiss Exchange” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SNB Adjustment Spread” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SNB Policy Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 355 ---
355 
“Social Bond Framework” has the meaning given in the section Use of Proceeds of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Social Bond Principles” has the meaning given in the section Use of Proceeds of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Social Notes” has the meaning given in the section Use of Proceeds of the Base Prospectus. 
“SOFR” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
of the Base Prospectus. 
“SOFR Arithmetic Mean” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SOFR Benchmark” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the 
section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” have the meaning given in Condition 5(b) 
of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SOFR Benchmark Transition Event” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SOFR Compound” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SOFR Index Determination Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the 
section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SONIA” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
of the Base Prospectus. 
“SONIA Benchmark” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SONIA Compound with Observation Period Shift” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of 
the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SONIA Compound with Lookback” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SONIA Replacement Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SONIA Screen Page” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 356 ---
356 
“Special Event” has the meaning given in Condition 7(k) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Specific Consent” has the meaning given in paragraph 2 of the section Conditions attached to the 
consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus of the Base Prospectus. 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in Condition 5(m) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Specified Denomination” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“SREP” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“Stabilisation Manager(s)” has the meaning given in the section General Information of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Standard & Poor’s” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” has the meaning given in Condition 18(a) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Sterling Reference Bond Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Subordinated Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 3 of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Subsequent Margin” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Subsequent Reset Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Subsequent Reset Period” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
"Substitute CPI Index" has the meaning given in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Successor Index” has the meaning given in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Supervisory Banking Authority” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision 
and regulation of credit institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“Supplement” has the meaning given in the section Important Notices of the Base Prospectus. 
“Swap Transaction” means either (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, a Swap Transaction (as such term is defined in the 2006 ISDA Definitions), or 
(ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a Transaction (as 
such term is defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions). 
“Talon” has the meaning given in Condition 1(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 357 ---
357 
“TARGET Business Day” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“T2” has the meaning given in Condition 5(m) of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of 
the Base Prospectus. 
“Tax Deductibility Event” has the meaning given in Condition 7(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Tax Event” has the meaning given in Condition 7(k) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Tax Jurisdiction” has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Taxonomy” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled Risks related to Green Notes and 
Social Notes in the section Risk Factors of the Base Prospectus. 
“Taxonomy Regulation” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled Risks related to Green 
Notes and Social Notes in the section Risk Factors of the Base Prospectus. 
“Temporary Global Certificate” has the meaning given in the section Temporary Global Certificates 
issued in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer” has the meaning given in paragraph 4 of the 
section Conditions attached to the consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Theoretical Conversion Amount” means the amount of CET1 Capital that would be generated by 
the conversion of Convertible Additional Tier 1 Instruments to CET1 Capital instruments upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Ratio Event (or an event bearing a different name but identical in substance 
to a Capital Ratio Event), determined as if any Convertible Additional Tier 1 Instruments that are 
convertible only in full, but not in part (save for any one-cent floor), by their terms permitted partial 
conversion into CET1 Capital instruments, and were converted to CET1 Capital instruments on a 
pro rata basis with the write-down of Loss Absorbing Instruments. 
“Tier 1 Capital” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(d) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus.  
“Tier 2 Capital” has the meaning given in Condition 7(d) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“TLAC” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“TONA” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
of the Base Prospectus.  
“TONA Rate Cut-Off Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“TONA Confirmed Value” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Total Risk Exposure Amount” means, at any time, the aggregate euro amount of the total risk 
exposure amount of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group or the Crédit Agricole Group, as applicable, at

--- Page 358 ---
358 
such time on a consolidated basis, calculated in accordance with Article 92 of the CRR Regulation 
(or any successor provision). 
“Tranche” has the meaning given in Condition 1(d) of the section Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
of the Base Prospectus. 
“Transition Period” has the meaning given in the section Important Notices of the Base Prospectus.  
“UK” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“UK Benchmark Regulation” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled Changes in the 
method by which EURIBOR or other Benchmarks are determined, or the discontinuation of any 
benchmark, may adversely affect the rate of interest on or value of Benchmark Notes in the section 
Risk Factors of the Base Prospectus. 
“UK CRA Regulation” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“UK MiFIR” has the meaning given in the section Form of Final Terms of the Base Prospectus. 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules” has the meaning given in the in the section Important 
Notices of the Base Prospectus. 
“UK Notes” has the meaning given in the section Taxation - UK Taxation of the Base Prospectus. 
“UK PRIIPs Regulation” has the meaning given in the section Important Notices of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“UK Withholding” has the meaning given in Condition 9(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the 
section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Undated Senior Non-Preferred Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 7(a) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Undated Subordinated Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 7(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Unsubordinated Obligations” has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(b) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“U.S. Dollar Equivalent” has the meaning given in Condition 8 of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“U.S.-France IGA” has the meaning given in the section Taxation - Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
Act of the Base Prospectus. 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the 
section Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“U.S.-Luxembourg IGA” has the meaning given in the section Taxation - Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act of the Base Prospectus. 
“U.S.-UK IGA” has the meaning given in the section Taxation - Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
Act of the Base Prospectus. 
“Vigeo” has the meaning given in the section Use of Proceeds of the Base Prospectus. 
“Waived Set-Off Rights” has the meaning given in Condition 15 of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 359 ---
359 
“weekday” means a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday. 
“Withdrawal Agreement” has the meaning given in the section Important Notices of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Withholding Tax Event” has the meaning given in Condition 7(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Write-Down” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Capital Instrument” means, at any time, any instrument 
(including the Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer which qualifies as Additional Tier 1 
Capital of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group and which, immediately prior to the relevant Reinstatement 
at that time, has a Current Principal Amount that is lower than the principal amount it was issued 
with. 
“Write-Down Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Written Resolution” has the meanings given in Condition 12(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus, as applicable. 
“Written Resolution Date” has the meaning given in Condition 12(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Zero Coupon Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 5 of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 360 ---
360 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
To the best of my knowledge, I hereby certify that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
Crédit Agricole S.A. 
12 Place des États-Unis 
92127 Montrouge 
France 
Duly represented by: 
Aurelien Harff 
Responsable du Refinancement Moyen et Long Terme Groupe Crédit Agricole 
on 4 April 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
 
The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is 
complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. This 
approval does not imply any verification of the accuracy of such information by the AMF.  
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in 
this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in 
such Notes. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved on 4 April 2025 and is valid until 4 April 2026 and shall be 
within that period pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 completed by a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. The 
Base Prospectus has received the following approval number: 25-092.

--- Page 361 ---
361 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Crédit Agricole S.A. 
12 Place des États-Unis 
92127 Montrouge 
France  
 
Crédit Agricole S.A. London Branch 
Broadwalk House 
5 Appold Street 
London 
EC2A 2DA 
United Kingdom 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 Place des États-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, CALCULATION AGENT 
Crédit Agricole S.A. 
12 Place des États-Unis 
92127 Montrouge 
France 
 PAYING AGENT 
Uptevia 
90-110 Esplanade du Général de Gaulle 
92931 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
Forvis Mazars SA 
61, rue Henri Regnault  
92075 – Paris – La Défense Cedex 
France 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63 rue de Villiers 
92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine 
France 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
To the Arranger and to the Dealers 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP 
2 rue Meyerbeer 
75009 Paris 
France 
Linklaters LLP 
25 rue de Marignan 
75008 Paris 
France