--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
Credit Suisse AG 
(incorporated with limited liability in Switzerland) 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 ________________________________  
Under this Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Credit Suisse AG, acting through its Zurich head 
office or its London, Tokyo, Singapore, Guernsey, Sydney or New York branch (each such branch, a Designated Branch) (CS 
or the Issuer) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
Notes may be issued in bearer, registered or uncertificated form (respectively Bearer Notes, Registered Notes and 
Uncertificated Notes). 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “General Description of 
the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by CS (each a Dealer and together 
the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this base prospectus (the 
Base Prospectus) to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more 
than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see 
‘‘Risk Factors’’ below. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the CSSF), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The CSSF only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the 
Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. The CSSF assumes no 
responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality 
or solvency of the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses for Securities dated 16th July 
2019. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below), such Notes have been admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market and have been listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) (as amended, MiFID II). The CSSF is not the competent authority to approve 
this document in relation to (i) the Swiss Global Notes and the Uncertificated Notes (as defined herein); and (ii) any 
Notes listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on any market or stock exchange other than the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market and the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation 
to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA). The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply 
when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where 
an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Notice of the aggregate principal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes 
and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (the 
Terms and Conditions)) of Notes will be set out in the final terms (the Final Terms) which, with respect to Notes to be admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, will be filed with the CSSF or, in respect of Notes to be admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, will 
be filed with SIX Exchange Regulation. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed and/or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, the SIX Swiss Exchange or on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
CS has an issuer credit rating of A+ from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P), a long-term issuer default rating 
of A from Fitch Ratings Limited (Fitch) and an issuer rating of Aa3 from Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (Moody’s). With respect to 
Notes having a maturity of one year or more, the Programme has been rated A+ by S&P, A by Fitch and Aa3 by Moody’s. 
S&P and Moody’s are established in the EEA and are registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the CRA Regulation). Fitch is established in the United Kingdom (UK) and is registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (the UK CRA 
Regulation). 
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a credit rating for regulatory purposes if such a credit 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation. This general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless an exception

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
applies, including the relevant credit ratings having been endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency. Investors regulated 
in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. 
The ratings issued by Fitch are endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitich Ireland). Fitch Ireland is established 
in the EEA and is registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, each of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch Ireland is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at 
www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
The ratings issued by S&P are endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited (S&P UK) and the ratings issued by 
Moody’s are endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. (Moody’s UK). S&P UK and Moody’s UK are established in the UK and 
are registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. As such, the ratings issued by S&P and Moody’s may be used for 
regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by any one or more of the rating agencies referred to 
above. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be 
the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by the relevant rating agency. A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates, which may constitute 
“benchmarks” under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). If any such reference rate does constitute 
such a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will, in the case of Notes to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s Regulated Market and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, indicate whether or not the 
relevant administrator thereof is included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (the EU Benchmarks Register). Not every reference rate will fall within 
the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Furthermore transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may have 
the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in EU Benchmarks Register at the date of the 
applicable Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public 
record and the Issuer does not intend to update any Final Terms to reflect any change in the EU registration status of an 
administrator. As at the date of this Base Prospectus: (a) European Money Markets Institute (the administrator of EURIBOR) and 
SIX Financial Information AG (the administrator of SARON) are included in the EU Benchmarks Register; and (b) ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited (the administrator of LIBOR), ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte Ltd (the administrator of SIBOR), 
ASX Limited (the administrator of BBSW), Thomson Reuters (the administrator of CDOR), The Hong Kong Treasury Markets 
Association (the administrator of CNH HIBOR and HIBOR), New Zealand Financial Markets Association (the administrator of 
BKBM), Swedish Bankers’ Association (the administrator of STIBOR), Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (the administrator of 
NIBOR), The Bank of England (the administrator of SONIA) and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the administrator of 
SOFR) are not included in the EU Benchmarks Register and, as far as the Issuer is aware, (i) under Article 2 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, The Bank of England (the administrator of SONIA) and the Federal Reserve of New York (the 
administrator of SOFR), are not required to obtain authorisation or registration, and (ii) the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that none of the other administrators that has not obtained such authorisation or 
registration are currently required to obtain such authorisation or registration in the European Union (the EU) (or, if located outside 
the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
 
Credit Suisse 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 21st May 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in relation to the Issuer for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the 
Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified 
office set out below of each of the Paying Agents (as defined below). 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall 
be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated by reference and form part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Investors should consult the Issuer should they wish to obtain further information in respect of the 
operation of any provision in the Terms and Conditions that references the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and updated as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series). 
The Dealers have not verified the information contained herein. Additionally, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the 
Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should 
be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the 
Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers 
to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the Securities Act) and the Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of 
America (the U.S. or the United States) or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see the 
“Subscription and Sale” section).

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes 
a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, such Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling such Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investors in the EEA will have been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling such Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the UK 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II product governance / target market” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of such Notes and which channels for distribution of such Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending such Notes (a distributor) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of such Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A 
determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any such Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation 
to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK 
MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any Notes with a minimum denomination 
of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) will (i) only be admitted to trading on an EEA 
regulated market (as defined in MiFID II), or a specific segment of an EEA regulated market, to which 
only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access (in which case such Notes 
shall not be offered or sold to non-qualified investors) or (ii) only be offered to the public in an EEA Member 
State pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation (including Swiss Global

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
Notes and Uncertificated Notes). Furthermore, this Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that 
any Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) will 
with respect to the UK only be offered to the public pursuant to an exemption under section 86 of the 
FSMA. 
Product Classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 Of 
Singapore), as amended or modified from time to time – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities 
and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as amended or modified from time to time, the SFA) and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 
2018), the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “Notification under 
Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore” which will state the 
product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the SFA. The Issuer will make a 
determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of 
section 309B(1)(a) of the SFA. Any such legend included on the applicable Final Terms will constitute notice 
to “relevant persons” for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. Unless otherwise stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, all Notes shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore 
(the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and in the MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of 
its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will 
have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in 
the Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is 
different from the currency in which such potential investor’s financial activities are 
principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes; 
(v) 
understands thoroughly that certain events do not constitute events of default under the 
Notes; and 
(vi) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of 
certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of 
Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to U.S. dollars, USD and U.S.$ refer to United States dollars, all 
references to CHF refer to Swiss francs, all references to € and euro refer to the currency introduced at the start 
of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the EU, 
as amended and all references to Renminbi and RMB are to the lawful currency of People’s Republic of China 
(the PRC) which for the purposes of this Base Prospectus excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region 
of the PRC, the Macao Special Administrative Region of the PRC and the Republic of China. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Agent shall mean (i) in the context of all Notes except Notes 
represented on issue by a Swiss Global Note and Uncertificated Notes, BNP Paribas Securities Services,

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
Luxembourg Branch and (ii) in the context of all Notes represented on issue by a Swiss Global Note and 
Uncertificated Notes, Credit Suisse AG. 
 ____________________________  
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final 
Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a 
level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier 
of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
Page
General Description of the Programme  ............... 7 
Risk Factors  ......................................................11 
Forward-Looking Statements ..............................35 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ................38 
Form of the Notes ...............................................46 
Final Terms ........................................................51 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ..................... 72 
Use of Proceeds ............................................... 109 
Credit Suisse AG ............................................. 110 
Taxation........................................................... 132 
Subscription and Sale ....................................... 146 
General Information ......................................... 153

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall 
be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA, a further prospectus or a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published, as appropriate. 
This Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and the Terms and Conditions shall have the same 
meanings in this Description. 
Issuer: ..........................................  
Credit Suisse AG, acting through its Zurich head office or a Designated 
Branch, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Designated Branch: .....................  
If applicable, the London, Tokyo, Singapore, Guernsey, Sydney or New 
York branch of Credit Suisse AG as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): ......  
ANGGYXNX0JLX3X63JN86. 
 
Description: .................................  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Arrangers: ...................................  
Credit Suisse International and Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) 
Limited. 
Dealers: ........................................  
Credit Suisse International, Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions:....................  
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time including the following restrictions 
applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Agent for Notes other than Notes 
represented on issue by a Swiss 
Global Note and Uncertificated 
Notes: .........................................  
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch. 
Agent/Swiss Agent for Notes 
represented on issue by a Swiss 
Global Note and Uncertificated 
Notes: .........................................  
Credit Suisse AG, Zurich.  
Registrar for Notes other than 
Notes represented on issue by a 
Swiss 
Global 
Note 
and 
Uncertificated Notes: .................  
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch. 
Calculation Agent: .......................  
Such person, if any, as is specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: ........  
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch. 
Programme Size: .........................  
The Programme is unlimited in amount.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
Method of Issue: ..........................  
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in Series having one or more issue dates and on 
terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first 
payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be 
issued in Tranches on the same or different issue dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche will be completed in the applicable Final Terms. 
Currencies: ..................................  
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: ...................................  
The Notes will have such maturities (if any) as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: ...................................  
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is 
at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: .............................  
Notes will be issued in bearer form, registered form or uncertificated 
form. The Issuer may issue Bearer Notes in either NGN or CGN form 
or, in the case of Bearer Notes (i) which will be admitted to trading and 
listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange only or (ii) denominated in Swiss 
francs (Swiss Notes), in the form of a permanent Global Note (Swiss 
Global Note) which will be deposited with SIX SIS AG (SIS) or any 
other intermediary in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by the 
SIX Swiss Exchange (SIS or any such other intermediary, the 
Intermediary). Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer 
Notes and vice versa. Registered Notes may also be held under the NSS. 
Swiss Notes may be issued in uncertificated form (Uncertificated 
Notes), which will be entered into the main register (Hauptregister) of 
the Intermediary. For so long as any Swiss Notes constitute 
Intermediated Securities, they may only be transferred by the entry of 
the transferred Swiss Notes in a securities account of the transferee. The 
applicable Final Terms will specify whether individually certificated 
Swiss Notes may be printed and delivered.  
Fixed Rate Notes: .........................  
In the case of Fixed Rate Notes, fixed interest will be payable on such 
date or dates as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
and on redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: ....................  
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and updated as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series); or 
(b) 
on the basis of a Reference Rate set out in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes: ..................  
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Fixed Rate/Floating Rate and 
Floating 
Rate/Fixed 
Rate 
Notes: .........................................  
Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes will bear interest (a) on a fixed rate basis 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) such date as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (in respect of which 
period, see “Fixed Rate Notes” above) and (b) on a floating rate basis 
from (and including) such date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (in 
respect of which period, see “Floating Rate Notes” and “Other 
provisions in relation to Floating Rate Notes” above). 
Floating Rate/Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest (a) on a floating rate 
basis from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) such date as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (in respect of 
which period, see “Floating Rate Notes” and “Other provisions in 
relation to Floating Rate Notes” above) and (b) on a fixed rate basis from 
(and including) such date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (in respect 
of which period, see “Fixed Rate Notes” above).  
Zero Coupon Notes: .....................  
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
principal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: ................................  
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to any stated maturity (other than for taxation 
reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of certain 
specified events and/or on specified dates upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders, and/or at the option of the Noteholders upon giving notice 
to the Issuer, in each case, on a date or dates specified prior to any such 
stated maturity and at a price or prices (including, if Make-Whole 
Redemption is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the specified Make-Whole Redemption Amount) and on such 
other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Substitution: ................................  
The Issuer may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders 
change the branch through which payments under any Series of Notes 
are made, and obligations fulfilled and rights exercised from the 
Designated Branch to one of its other branches upon giving the requisite 
notice to the Noteholders and provided that certain conditions are 
fulfilled. 
Denomination of Notes: ...............  
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency, and save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be 
€100,000 or, where it is a Note to be admitted to trading only on a 
regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which 
only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have 
access €1,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency), or if the Notes are Swiss 
Global Notes or Uncertificated Notes, CHF 5,000 or such other higher 
amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Governing Law: ...........................  
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, English law.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the risks described below may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations in respect 
of the Notes issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur 
and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
the Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by 
the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER THE NOTES 
Unless the context otherwise requires, the term the Group as used in this Base Prospectus means Credit 
Suisse Group AG (CSG) and its consolidated subsidiaries. CS is the direct Swiss bank subsidiary of CSG and the 
business of CS is substantially similar to the Group. The terms CS and the Group are used to refer to both when 
the subject is the same or substantially similar. 
CS is exposed to a variety of risks that could adversely affect its results of operations and financial 
condition, including, among others, those described below. All references to CS in the following risk factors are 
also related to the consolidated businesses carried on by CSG and its subsidiaries (including CS) and therefore 
should also be read as references to CSG. 
1. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity, or ready access to funds, is essential to CS’s business, particularly its investment banking 
businesses. CS seeks to maintain available liquidity to meet its obligations in a stressed liquidity environment. 
For information on CS’s liquidity management, refer to “Liquidity and funding management” in “III – Treasury, 
Risk, Balance sheet and Off-balance sheet” in the Annual Report 2020 and in “II – Treasury, risk, balance sheet 
and off-balance sheet” in the Financial Report 1Q21. 
1.1 
CS’s liquidity could be impaired if it were unable to access the capital markets, sell its assets or if its 
liquidity costs increase 
CS’s ability to borrow on a secured or unsecured basis and the cost of doing so can be affected by 
increases in interest rates or credit spreads, the availability of credit, regulatory requirements relating to liquidity 
or the market perceptions of risk relating to CS, certain of its counterparties or the banking sector as a whole, 
including its perceived or actual creditworthiness. An inability to obtain financing in the unsecured long-term or 
short-term debt capital markets, or to access the secured lending markets, could have a substantial adverse effect 
on CS’s liquidity. In challenging credit markets, CS’s funding costs may increase or it may be unable to raise 
funds to support or expand its businesses, adversely affecting its results of operations. Following the financial 
crisis in 2008 and 2009, CS’s costs of liquidity have been significant, and it expects to incur ongoing costs as a 
result of regulatory requirements for increased liquidity. 
If CS is unable to raise needed funds in the capital markets (including through offerings of equity, 
regulatory capital securities and other debt), it may need to liquidate unencumbered assets to meet its liabilities. 
In a time of reduced liquidity, CS may be unable to sell some of its assets, or it may need to sell assets at depressed 
prices, which in either case could adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. 
1.2 
CS’s businesses rely significantly on its deposit base for funding 
CS’s businesses benefit from short-term funding sources, including primarily demand deposits, inter-
bank loans, time deposits and cash bonds. Although deposits have been, over time, a stable source of funding, this 
may not continue. In that case, CS’s liquidity position could be adversely affected and it might be unable to meet

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
deposit withdrawals on demand, or at their contractual maturity, to repay borrowings as they mature or to fund 
new loans, investments and businesses. 
1.3 
Changes in the Issuer’s ratings may adversely affect its business 
Ratings are assigned by rating agencies. Rating agencies may lower, indicate their intention to lower or 
withdraw their ratings at any time. The major rating agencies remain focused on the financial services industry, 
particularly regarding potential declines in profitability, asset quality deterioration, asset price volatility, the 
impact from any potential easing or enhancement of regulatory requirements and challenges from increased costs 
related to compliance and litigation. Any downgrades in the Issuer’s ratings could increase its borrowing costs, 
limit its access to capital markets, increase its cost of capital and adversely affect the ability of its businesses to 
sell or market its products, engage in business transactions – particularly financing and derivatives transactions – 
and retain its clients. 
2. 
Market and credit risks 
2.1 
The ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, 
CS’s business, operations and financial performance 
Since December 2019, the COVID-19 pandemic has spread rapidly and globally, with a high 
concentration of cases in certain countries in which CS conducts business. The ongoing global COVID-19 
pandemic has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, CS’s business, operations and financial 
performance. 
The spread of COVID-19 and resulting tight government controls and containment measures 
implemented around the world have caused severe disruption to global supply chains and economic activity, and 
the market has entered a period of significantly increased volatility. The spread of COVID-19 is continuing to 
have an adverse impact on the global economy, the severity and duration of which is difficult to predict, and has 
adversely affected CS’s business, operations and financial performance. Modelling for current expected credit 
losses (CECL) has been made more difficult by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on market volatility and 
macroeconomic factors, and has required ongoing monitoring and more frequent testing across the Group, 
particularly for credit models. There can be no assurance that, even after adjustments are made to model outputs, 
CS will not recognise unexpected losses arising from the model uncertainty that has resulted from the COVID-19 
pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly impacted, and is likely to continue to adversely affect, CS’s 
credit loss estimates, mark-to-market losses, trading revenues, net interest income and potential goodwill 
assessments, and may also adversely affect its ability to successfully realise its strategic objectives and goals. 
Should current economic conditions persist or deteriorate, the macroeconomic environment could have a 
continued adverse effect on the aspects outlined herein and on other aspects of CS’s business, operations and 
financial performance, including decreased client activity or demand for its products, disruptions to its workforce 
or operating systems, possible constraints on capital and liquidity or a possible downgrade of its credit ratings. 
Additionally, legislative and regulatory changes in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, such as consumer and 
corporate relief measures, could further affect CS’s business. As such measures are often rapidly introduced and 
varying in their nature, CS is also exposed to heightened risks as it may be required to implement large-scale 
changes quickly. Furthermore, once such measures expire, are withdrawn or are no longer supported by 
governments, economic growth may be negatively impacted, which in turn may adversely affect its business, 
operations and financial performance. 
The extent of the adverse impact of the pandemic on the global economy and markets will depend, in 
part, on the duration and severity of the measures taken to limit the spread of the virus and counter its impact, 
including further emergence of new strains of COVID-19 and the safety, efficacy and availability of vaccines and 
treatments, and, in part, on the size and effectiveness of the compensating measures taken by governments, 
including additional stimulus legislation, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating 
conditions can resume. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic continues to adversely affect the global economy 
and/or CS’s business, operations or financial performance, it may also have the effect of increasing the likelihood 
and/or magnitude of other risks described herein, or may give rise to other risks not presently known to it or not 
currently expected to be significant to its business, operations or financial performance. CS is closely monitoring 
the potential adverse effects and impact on its operations, businesses and financial performance, including 
liquidity and capital usage, though the extent of the impact is difficult to fully and accurately predict at this time 
due to the continuing evolution of this uncertain situation. For further information, refer to “Operating 
environment” and “Credit Suisse” in “I – Credit Suisse results” and “Key risk developments – COVID-19

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
pandemic” in “II – Treasury, risk, balance sheet and off balance sheet – Risk management” in the Financial Report 
1Q21. 
2.2 
CS may incur significant losses on its trading and investment activities due to market fluctuations and 
volatility 
Although CS continues to strive to reduce its balance sheet and has made significant progress in 
implementing its strategy over the past few years, it also continues to maintain large trading and investment 
positions and hedges in the debt, currency and equity markets, and in private equity, hedge funds, real estate and 
other assets. These positions could be adversely affected by volatility in financial and other markets, that is, the 
degree to which prices fluctuate over a particular period in a particular market, regardless of market levels. To the 
extent that CS owns assets, or has net long positions, in any of those markets, a downturn in those markets could 
result in losses from a decline in the value of its net long positions. Conversely, to the extent that CS has sold 
assets that it does not own, or has net short positions, in any of those markets, an upturn in those markets could 
expose CS to potentially significant losses as it attempts to cover its net short positions by acquiring assets in a 
rising market. Market fluctuations, downturns and volatility can adversely affect the fair value of CS’s positions 
and its results of operations. Adverse market or economic conditions or trends have caused, and in the future may 
cause, a significant decline in CS’s net revenues and profitability. 
2.3 
CS’s businesses and organisation are subject to the risk of loss from adverse market conditions and 
unfavourable economic, monetary, political, legal, regulatory and other developments in the countries 
in which it operates 
As a global financial services company, CS’s businesses could be materially adversely affected by 
unfavourable global and local economic and market conditions, as well as geopolitical events and other 
developments in Europe, the U.S., Asia and elsewhere around the world (even in countries in which CS does not 
currently conduct business). Further, numerous countries have experienced severe economic disruptions particular 
to that country or region, including extreme currency fluctuations, high inflation, or low or negative growth, 
among other negative conditions, which could have an adverse effect on CS’s operations and investments. 
Volatility also increased at the beginning of 2020 and equity market indices declined amid concerns surrounding 
the spread of COVID-19, and the economic environment may experience further volatility depending on the 
longevity and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Although the severity of the European sovereign debt crisis appears to have abated somewhat over recent 
years, political uncertainty, including in relation to the UK’s withdrawal from the EU, remains elevated and could 
cause disruptions in market conditions in Europe and around the world and could further have an adverse impact 
on financial institutions (including CS). The economic and political impact of the UK leaving the EU, including 
on investments and market confidence in the UK and the remainder of the EU, may adversely affect CS’s future 
results of operations and financial condition.  
Following the UK’s withdrawal from the EU, CS’s legal entities that are organised or operate in the UK 
face limitations on providing services or otherwise conducting business in the EU, which requires CS to implement 
significant changes to its legal entity structure. In addition, as part of an overarching global legal entity 
simplification programme, the Group has developed a comprehensive EU entity strategy and is also defining a 
strategy to optimise its legal entity structure across other regions, including expediting the closure of redundant 
entities and an optimisation of the legal entity structure of CS’s asset management businesses within International 
Wealth Management.  
There are a number of uncertainties that may affect the feasibility, scope and timing of the intended 
results including the outcome of the ongoing negotiations between the EU and the UK for a framework for 
regulatory cooperation on financial services and the operation of their unilateral and autonomous processes for 
recognising each other’s regulatory framework as equivalent. Finally, future significant legal and regulatory 
changes, including possible regulatory divergence between the EU and the UK, affecting the Group and its 
operations may require it to make further changes to its legal structure. The implementation of these changes has 
required, and may further require, the investment of significant time and resources and has increased, and may 
potentially further increase, operational, regulatory, compliance, capital, funding and tax costs as well as the 
Group’s counterparties’ credit risk.  
For further information, refer to “Withdrawal of the UK from the EU and our legal entity structure” in 
“I – Information on the company – Strategy”, “UK-EU relationship” in “I – Information on the company – 
Regulation and supervision – Recent regulatory developments and proposals – EU”, “Withdrawal of the UK from

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
the EU” in “III – Treasury, Risk, Balance sheet and Off-balance sheet – Risk management – Key risk 
developments” and “Corporate Governance framework” in “IV – Corporate Governance” in the Annual Report 
2020. 
The environment of political uncertainty in countries and regions in which CS conducts business may 
also affect CS’s and the Group’s business. The increased popularity of nationalist and protectionist sentiments, 
including implementation of trade barriers and restrictions on market access, may result in significant shifts in 
national policy and a decelerated path to further European integration. Similar uncertainties exist regarding the 
impact of recent and proposed changes in U.S. policies on trade, immigration and foreign relations. Growing 
global trade tensions, including between key trading partners such as China, the U.S. and the EU, and the 
continuing COVID-19 pandemic may be disruptive to global economic growth and may also negatively affect the 
Group’s business. 
In the past, the low interest rate environment has adversely affected CS’s net interest income and the 
value of its trading and non-trading fixed income portfolios, and resulted in a loss of customer deposits as well as 
an increase in the liabilities relating to its existing pension plans. Furthermore, interest rates are expected to remain 
low for a longer period of time. Future changes in interest rates, including increasing interest rates or changes in 
the current negative short-term interest rates in CS’s home market, could adversely affect its businesses and 
results. Interest rate cuts by national governments and central banks in response to the COVID-19 outbreak, 
including in the U.S., could also adversely impact CS’s net interest income, including in its International Wealth 
Management and Asia Pacific divisions due to their larger share of U.S. dollar-denominated deposits. In addition, 
movements in equity markets have affected the value of CS’s trading and non-trading equity portfolios, while the 
historical strength of the Swiss franc has adversely affected its revenues and net income and exposed CS to 
currency exchange rate risk. Further, diverging monetary policies among the major economies in which CS 
operates, in particular among the Board of Governors of the U.S. Federal Reserve System (the Fed), the European 
Central Bank and the Swiss National Bank (the SNB), may adversely affect its results. 
Such adverse market or economic conditions may negatively impact CS’s investment banking and wealth 
management businesses and adversely affect net revenues it receives from commissions and spreads. These 
conditions may result in lower investment banking client activity, adversely impacting CS’s financial advisory 
and underwriting fees. Such conditions may also adversely affect the types and volumes of securities trades that 
CS executes for customers. Cautious investor behaviour in response to adverse conditions could result in generally 
decreased client demand for CS’s products, which could negatively impact its results of operations and 
opportunities for growth. Unfavourable market and economic conditions have affected CS’s businesses in the 
past, including the low interest rate environment, continued cautious investor behaviour and changes in market 
structure. These negative factors could be reflected, for example, in lower commissions and fees from CS’s client-
flow sales and trading and asset management activities, including commissions and fees that are based on the 
value of its clients’ portfolios. 
CS’s response to adverse market or economic conditions may differ from that of its competitors and an 
investment performance that is below that of competitors or asset management benchmarks could also result in a 
decline in assets under management and related fees, making it harder to attract new clients. There could be a shift 
in client demand away from more complex products, which may result in significant client deleveraging, and CS’s 
results of operations related to private banking and asset management activities could be adversely affected. 
Adverse market or economic conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, could exacerbate such 
effects. 
In addition, several of CS’s businesses engage in transactions with, or trade in obligations of, 
governmental entities, including supranational, national, state, provincial, municipal and local authorities. These 
activities can expose CS to enhanced sovereign, credit-related, operational and reputational risks, which may also 
increase as a result of adverse market or economic conditions. Risks related to these transactions include the risks 
that a governmental entity may default on or restructure its obligations or may claim that actions taken by 
government officials were beyond the legal authority of those officials, which could adversely affect CS’s 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Adverse market or economic conditions could also affect CS’s private equity investments. If a private 
equity investment substantially declines in value, CS may not receive any increased share of the income and gains 
from such investment (to which it is entitled in certain cases when the return on such investment exceeds certain 
threshold returns), may be obligated to return to investors previously received excess carried interest payments 
and may lose its pro rata share of the capital invested. In addition, it could become more difficult to dispose of the 
investment as even investments that are performing well may prove difficult to exit.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
In addition to the macroeconomic factors discussed above, other political, social and environmental 
developments beyond CS’s control, including terrorist attacks, cyber attacks, military conflicts, economic or 
political sanctions, disease pandemics, political or civil unrest and widespread demonstrations, natural disasters, 
or infrastructure issues, such as transportation or power failures, could have a material adverse effect on economic 
and market conditions, market volatility and financial activity, with a potential related effect on its businesses and 
results. In addition, as geopolitical tensions rise, compliance with legal or regulatory obligations in one jurisdiction 
may be seen as supporting the law or policy objectives of that jurisdiction over another jurisdiction, creating 
additional risks for CS’s business. 
For further information, refer to “Non-financial risk” in “III – Treasury, Risk, Balance sheet and Off-
balance sheet – Risk management – Risk coverage and management” in the Annual Report 2020 and “Key risk 
developments – COVID-19 pandemic” in “II – Treasury, risk, balance sheet and off-balance sheet—Risk 
management” in the Financial Report 1Q21. 
2.4 
Uncertainties regarding the expected discontinuation of benchmark rates may adversely affect CS’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations and are requiring adjustments to its agreements 
with clients and other market participants, as well as to its systems and processes  
 
In July 2017, the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA), which regulates London interbank offered rate 
(LIBOR), announced that it will no longer compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR 
benchmark after year-end 2021. Other interbank offered rates (IBORs) may also be permanently discontinued or 
cease to be representative. In March 2021, the FCA announced that, consistent with its prior announcement, all 
CHF, EUR, GBP, JPY LIBOR settings and the one-week and two-month USD LIBOR settings will permanently 
cease to be provided by any administrator or will no longer be representative immediately after 31st December 
2021. The remaining USD LIBOR settings will permanently cease to be provided by any administrator or will no 
longer be representative immediately after 30th June 2023, providing additional time to address the legacy 
contracts that reference such USD LIBOR settings.  
 
However, there is no certainty that the extended period of time to transition to alternative reference rates is 
sufficient given how widely USD LIBOR is referenced. Further, a number of initiatives have been developed to 
support the transition, such as the publication by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., of 
Supplement number 70 to the 2006 ISDA Definitions (the IBOR Supplement) and the accompanying IBOR 
Protocol. Although these measures may help facilitate the derivatives markets’ transition away from IBORs, CS’s 
clients and other market participants may not adhere to the IBOR Protocol or may not be otherwise willing to 
apply the provisions of the IBOR Supplement to relevant documentation. Furthermore, no similar multilateral 
mechanism exists to amend legacy loans or bonds, many of which must instead be amended individually, which 
may require the consent of multiple lenders or bondholders. As a consequence, there can be no assurance that 
market participants, including CS, will be able to successfully modify all outstanding IBOR referencing contracts 
or otherwise be sufficiently prepared for the uncertainties resulting from cessation, potentially leading to disputes. 
Although legislation to address so-called “tough legacy” contracts has been proposed in multiple jurisdictions, it 
is uncertain whether, when and how such legislation will be enacted. In addition, the terms and scope of the 
proposed legislative solutions are inconsistent and potentially overlapping. 
 
CS has identified a significant number of its liabilities and assets, including credit instruments such as credit 
agreements, loans and bonds, linked to IBORs across its businesses that require transition to alternative reference 
rates. The discontinuation of IBORs or future changes in the administration of benchmarks could result in adverse 
consequences to the return on, value of and market for securities, credit instruments and other instruments whose 
returns or contractual mechanics are linked to any such benchmark, including those issued and traded by the 
Group. For example, alternative reference rate-linked products may not provide a term structure and may calculate 
interest payments differently than benchmark-linked products, which could lead to greater uncertainty with 
respect to corresponding payment obligations. The transition to alternative reference rates also raises concerns of 
liquidity risk, which may arise due to slow acceptance, take-up and development of liquidity in products that use 
alternative reference rates, leading to market dislocation or fragmentation. It is also possible that such products 
will perform differently to IBOR products during times of economic stress, adverse or volatile market conditions 
and across the credit and economic cycle, which may impact the value, return on and profitability of CS’s 
alternative reference rates-based assets. The transition to alternative reference rates will also require a change in 
contractual terms of existing products currently linked to IBORs. 
 
Further, the replacement of IBORs with an alternative reference rate in existing securities and other contracts, or 
in internal discounting models, could negatively impact the value of and return on such existing securities, credit

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
instruments and other contracts and result in mispricing and additional legal, financial, tax, operational, market, 
compliance, reputational, competitive or other risks to CS, its clients and other market participants. For example, 
CS may face a risk of litigation, disputes or other actions from clients, counterparties, customers, investors or 
others regarding the interpretation or enforcement of related contractual provisions or if it fails to appropriately 
communicate the effect that the transition to alternative reference rates will have on existing and future products. 
Further, litigation, disputes or other action may occur as a result of the interpretation or application of legislation, 
in particular, if there is an overlap between legislation introduced in different jurisdictions. In addition, the 
transition to alternative reference rates requires changes to CS’s documentation, methodologies, processes, 
controls, systems and operations, which has resulted and may continue to result in increased effort and cost. There 
may also be related risks that arise in connection with the transition. For example, CS’s hedging strategy may be 
negatively impacted or market risk may increase in the event of different alternative reference rates applying to 
its assets compared to its liabilities. In particular, CS’s swaps and similar instruments that reference an IBOR and 
that are used to manage long-term interest rate risk related to its credit instruments could adopt different alternative 
reference rates than the related credit instruments, resulting in potential basis risk and potentially making hedging 
its credit instruments more costly or less effective.  
 
For further information, refer to “Replacement of interbank offered rates” in “II – Operating and 
financial review – Credit Suisse – Other information” in the Annual Report 2020. 
2.5 
CS may incur significant losses in the real estate sector 
CS finances and acquires principal positions in a number of real estate and real estate-related products, 
primarily for clients, and originate loans secured by commercial and residential properties. As of 31st December 
2020, the Group’s real estate loans as reported to the SNB totalled approximately CHF 149 billion. CS also 
securitises and trades in commercial and residential real estate and real estate-related whole loans, mortgages and 
other real estate and commercial assets and products, including commercial mortgage-backed securities and 
residential mortgage-backed securities. CS’s real estate-related businesses and risk exposures could be adversely 
affected by any downturn in real estate markets, other sectors and the economy as a whole. In particular, CS has 
exposure to commercial real estate, which has been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting tight 
government controls and containment measures. Should these conditions persist or deteriorate, they could create 
additional risk for CS’s commercial real estate-related businesses. In addition, the risk of potential price 
corrections in the real estate market in certain areas of Switzerland could have a material adverse effect on CS’s 
real estate-related businesses. 
2.6 
Holding large and concentrated positions may expose CS to large losses 
Concentrations of risk could increase losses, given that CS has provided or may in the future provide 
sizeable loans to, conduct sizeable transactions with, and own securities holdings in, certain customers, clients, 
counterparties, industries, countries or any pool of exposures with a common risk characteristic. Decreasing 
economic growth in any sector in which CS makes significant commitments, for example, through underwriting, 
lending or advisory services, could also negatively affect its net revenues. In addition, a significant deterioration 
in the credit quality of one of CS’s borrowers or counterparties could lead to concerns about the creditworthiness 
of other borrowers or counterparties in similar, related or dependent industries. This type of interrelationship could 
exacerbate its credit, liquidity and market risk exposure and potentially cause it to incur losses. 
CS has significant risk concentration in the financial services industry as a result of the large volume of 
transactions it routinely conducts with broker-dealers, banks, funds and other financial institutions, and in the 
ordinary conduct of its business it may be subject to risk concentration with a particular counterparty. In addition, 
CS, and other financial institutions, may pose systemic risk in a financial or credit crisis, and may be vulnerable 
to market sentiment and confidence, particularly during periods of severe economic stress. CS, like other financial 
institutions, continues to adapt its practices and operations in consultation with its regulators to better address an 
evolving understanding of its exposure to, and management of, systemic risk and risk concentration to financial 
institutions. Regulators continue to focus on these risks, and there are numerous new regulations and government 
proposals, and significant ongoing regulatory uncertainty, about how best to address them. There can be no 
assurance that the changes in CS’s industry, operations, practices and regulation will be effective in managing 
these risks. For further information, refer to “I – Information on the company – Regulation and supervision” in 
the Annual Report 2020 and “II – Treasury, risk, balance sheet and off-balance sheet – Capital management – 
Regulatory framework” in the Financial Report 1Q21. 
Risk concentration may cause CS to suffer losses even when economic and market conditions are 
generally favourable for others in its industry.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
2.7 
CS’s hedging strategies may not prevent losses 
If any of the variety of instruments and strategies CS uses to hedge its exposure to various types of risk 
in its businesses is not effective, CS may incur losses. CS may be unable to purchase hedges or be only partially 
hedged, or its hedging strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating its risk exposure in all market 
environments or against all types of risk. 
2.8 
Market risk may increase the other risks that CS faces 
In addition to the potentially adverse effects on CS’s businesses described above, market risk could 
exacerbate the other risks that it faces. For example, if CS were to incur substantial trading losses, its need for 
liquidity could rise sharply while its access to liquidity could be impaired. In conjunction with another market 
downturn, CS’s customers and counterparties could also incur substantial losses of their own, thereby weakening 
their financial condition and increasing its credit and counterparty risk exposure to them. 
2.9 
CS may suffer significant losses from its credit exposures 
CS’s businesses are subject to the fundamental risk that borrowers and other counterparties will be unable 
to perform their obligations. CS’s credit exposures exist across a wide range of transactions that it engages in with 
a large number of clients and counterparties, including lending relationships, commitments and letters of credit, 
as well as derivative, currency exchange and other transactions. CS’s exposure to credit risk can be exacerbated 
by adverse economic or market trends, as well as increased volatility in relevant markets or instruments. For 
example, adverse economic effects arising from the COVID-19 outbreak, such as disruptions to economic activity 
and global supply chains, will likely continue to negatively impact the creditworthiness of certain counterparties 
and result in increased credit losses for CS’s businesses. In addition, disruptions in the liquidity or transparency 
of the financial markets may result in CS’s inability to sell, syndicate or realise the value of its positions, thereby 
leading to increased concentrations. Any inability to reduce these positions may not only increase the market and 
credit risks associated with such positions, but also increase the level of risk-weighted assets (RWA) on CS’s 
balance sheet, thereby increasing its capital requirements, all of which could adversely affect its businesses. For 
information on management of credit risk, refer to “Credit risk” in “III – Treasury, Risk, Balance sheet and Off-
balance sheet – Risk management – Risk coverage and management” in the Annual Report 2020 and “II – 
Treasury, risk, balance sheet and off-balance sheet—Risk management” in the Financial Report 1Q21. 
CS’s regular review of the creditworthiness of clients and counterparties for credit losses does not depend 
on the accounting treatment of the asset or commitment. Changes in creditworthiness of loans and loan 
commitments that are fair valued are reflected in trading revenues. 
The determination by the management of CS of the provision for credit losses is subject to significant 
judgement. CS’s banking businesses may need to increase their provisions for credit losses or may record losses 
in excess of the previously determined provisions if its original estimates of loss prove inadequate, which could 
have a material adverse effect on CS’s results of operations. The Group adopted the “Measurement of Credit 
Losses on Financial Instruments” (ASU 2016-13) accounting standard and its subsequent amendments on 1st 
January 2020 and incorporates forward-looking information and macroeconomic factors into its credit loss 
estimates applying the modified retrospective approach. The new accounting standard generally requires CS’s 
management to estimate lifetime CECL on the Group’s credit exposure held at amortised cost; under the previous 
standard, such estimates were made under the incurred loss model. Such adoption of ASU 2016-13 and its 
subsequent amendments could result in greater volatility in earnings and capital levels due to economic 
developments or occurrence of an extreme and statistically rare event that cannot be adequately reflected in the 
CECL model. For example, the effects surrounding the outbreak of COVID-19 could continue to have an adverse 
effect on the Group’s credit loss estimates and goodwill assessments in the future, which could have a significant 
impact on its results of operations and regulatory capital. In addition, model overlays may become necessary in 
these circumstances as the CECL model outputs are overly sensitive to the effect of economic inputs that lie 
significantly outside of their historical range. CS may suffer unexpected losses if the models and assumptions that 
are used to estimate its allowance for credit losses are not sufficient to address its credit losses.  
For information on provisions for credit losses and related risk mitigation, refer to “Accounting 
developments” in “II – Operating and financial review – Credit Suisse – Other information”, “Credit risk” in “III 
– Treasury, Risk, Balance sheet and Off-balance sheet – Risk management – Risk coverage and management” and 
“Note 1 – Summary of significant accounting policies”, “Note 9 – Provision for credit losses”, “Note 19 – Loans” 
and “Note 20 – Financial instruments measured at amortized cost and credit losses”, each in “VI – Consolidated 
financial statements – Credit Suisse Group” in the Annual Report 2020 and “II – Treasury, risk, balance sheet

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
and off-balance sheet – Risk management” and “Note 9 – Provision for credit losses”, “Note 18 – Loans” and 
“Note 19 – Financial instruments measured at amortized cost and credit losses”, each in “III – Condensed 
consolidated financial statements – unaudited” in the Financial Report 1Q21. 
Under certain circumstances, CS may assume long-term credit risk, extend credit against illiquid 
collateral and price derivative instruments aggressively based on the credit risks that it takes. As a result of these 
risks, CS’s capital and liquidity requirements may continue to increase. 
2.10 
Defaults by one or more large financial institutions could adversely affect financial markets generally 
and CS specifically 
Concerns, rumours about or an actual default by one institution could lead to significant liquidity 
problems, losses or defaults by other institutions because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions 
may be closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships between institutions. This risk 
is typically referred to as systemic risk. Concerns about defaults by and failures of many financial institutions 
could lead to losses or defaults by financial institutions and financial intermediaries with which CS interacts on a 
daily basis, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges. CS’s credit risk 
exposure will also increase if the collateral it holds cannot be realised or can only be liquidated at prices 
insufficient to cover the full amount of the exposure. 
2.11 
The information that CS uses to manage its credit risk may be inaccurate or incomplete 
Although CS regularly reviews its credit exposure to specific clients and counterparties and to specific 
industries, countries and regions that it believes may present credit concerns, default risk may arise from events 
or circumstances that are difficult to foresee or detect, such as fraud. CS may also lack correct and complete 
information with respect to the credit or trading risks of a counterparty or risk associated with specific industries, 
countries and regions or misinterpret such information that is received or otherwise incorrectly assess a given risk 
situation. Additionally, there can be no assurance that measures instituted to manage such risk will be effective in 
all instances. 
2.12 
Significant negative consequences of the supply chain finance funds and U.S.-based hedge fund 
matters 
As stated in the Financial Report 1Q21, in the first quarter of 2021, the Group has incurred a material 
provision for credit losses in respect of the U.S.-based hedge fund matter, and, as discussed in the Financial Report 
1Q21, has incurred an additional loss in relation to this matter in the second quarter of 2021. The Group has also 
previously reported that it is reasonably possible that it will incur a loss in respect of the supply chain finance 
funds (the SCFFs) matter, though it is not yet possible to estimate the size of such a reasonably possible loss. 
However, the ultimate cost of resolving the SCFFs matter may be material to the Group’s operating results. In 
addition, the Group may suffer reputational harm as a result of these matters that might cause loss of assets under 
management, as well as adversely affect the Group’s ability to attract and retain customers, clients, investors and 
employees and conduct business transactions with its counterparties. 
A number of regulatory and other investigations and actions have been initiated or are being considered 
in respect of each of these matters, including enforcement actions by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory 
Authority FINMA (FINMA). FINMA has also imposed certain measures, including those previously reported, as 
well as certain risk-reducing measures and capital surcharges discussed in the Financial Report 1Q21. Third 
parties appointed by FINMA will conduct investigations into these matters. The CSSF has also announced its 
intention to review the SCFFs matter through a statutory auditor. Furthermore, certain investors have already 
threatened litigation in respect of these matters. An investor has also brought a lawsuit claiming violations of the 
U.S. federal securities laws based on these matters. As both of these matters develop, the Group may become 
subject to additional litigation, disputes or other actions. 
The Board of Directors of CSG (the Board) has launched investigations into both of these matters, which 
will not only focus on the direct issues arising from each of them, but also reflect on the broader consequences 
and lessons learned. As previously announced, the Group has undertaken senior management changes within the 
investment banking division and within the Risk and Compliance organisation in response to these matters. In 
addition, effective 1 April 2021, the Group has established Asset Management as a separate division, and the 
Board appointed a new Chief Executive Officer of Asset Management. Also, the settlement of variable 
compensation of relevant employees involved in these matters, up to and including members of the Executive 
Board of CSG, has been suspended as a measure to ensure that the Group can apply malus, if appropriate.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
The combined effect of these two matters, including the material loss incurred in respect of the U.S.-
based hedge fund matter, may have other material adverse consequences for the Group, including negative effects 
on its business and operating results from actions that the Group may be required or decide to take in response to 
these matters. Such actions include the Group’s decision to reduce its dividend proposal, suspend its share buyback 
program, resize its prime brokerage and prime financing businesses, reduce leverage exposure in the investment 
banking division by at least USD 35 billion and realign RWA in the investment banking division to not exceed 
end-2020 levels. In addition, the Group has been required by FINMA to take certain capital and related actions, 
including a temporary add-on to RWA in relation to its exposure in the U.S.-based hedge fund matter and a Pillar 
2 capital add-on relating to the SCFFs matter. There could also be additional capital and related actions, including 
an add-on to RWA relating to operational risk and a Pillar 2 capital add-on relating to counterparty credit risk. 
There can be no assurance that measures instituted to manage related risks will be effective in all instances. 
Several of the Group’s processes discussed above are still ongoing, including the external and Board-led 
investigations, the process of seeking to recover amounts in respect of the SCFFs matter, the Group’s review of 
its businesses and potential personnel and organisational changes in response to these matters. In addition, the 
newly elected Chairman of the Board, together with the Board, is conducting a review of the Group’s business 
strategy and risk appetite, and the amount of RWA and leverage exposure for both the investment banking division 
and the Group will be constrained by the Board, in conjunction with FINMA, until the review is complete. Any 
changes arising from this strategic review could also affect goodwill balances of affected businesses on the 
Group’s balance sheet. There can be no assurance that any additional losses, damages, costs and expenses, as well 
as any further regulatory and other investigations and actions or any downgrade of CSG’s or CS’s credit ratings, 
will not be material to the Group, including from any impact on the Group’s business, financial condition, results 
of operations, prospects, liquidity or capital position. 
For further information on the SCFFs and U.S.-based hedge fund matters, refer to “I – Credit Suisse 
results – Credit Suisse – Other information – U.S.-based hedge fund matter”, “I – Credit Suisse results – Credit 
Suisse – Other information – Supply chain finance funds matter”, “II – Treasury, risk, balance sheet and off-
balance sheet – Capital management – Regulatory developments”, “II – Treasury, risk, balance sheet and off-
balance sheet – Risk Management – Overview and risk-related developments – Key risk developments – U.S.-
based hedge fund and supply chain finance funds matters” and “III – Condensed consolidated financial statements 
– unaudited – Notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements – unaudited – Note 3 – Business 
developments and subsequent events – Business developments – U.S.-based hedge fund matter” and “III – 
Condensed consolidated financial statements – unaudited – Notes to the condensed consolidated financial 
statements – unaudited – Note 3 Business developments and subsequent events – Business developments—Supply 
chain finance funds matter”, in the Financial Report 1Q21. 
3. 
Strategy risk 
3.1 
CSG and its subsidiaries, including CS, may not achieve all of the expected benefits of the Group’s 
strategic initiatives 
On 30th July 2020, CS announced certain changes to the structure and organisation of the Group and a 
new restructuring programme, which is expected to be completed within a year from the announcement. This 
programme is intended to continue its efforts to achieve its strategic objectives, which are based on a number of 
key assumptions regarding the future economic environment, the economic growth of certain geographic regions, 
the regulatory landscape, its ability to meet certain financial goals, anticipated interest rates and central bank 
action, among other things. If any of these assumptions (including, but not limited to, the Group’s ability to meet 
certain financial goals) prove inaccurate in whole or in part, its ability to achieve some or all of the expected 
benefits of its strategy could be limited, including the Group’s ability to retain key employees, distribute capital 
to CSG’s shareholders through dividends and share buyback programmes or achieve its other goals, such as those 
in relation to return on tangible equity. In addition, the Group depends on dividends, distributions and other 
payments from its subsidiaries to fund external dividend payments and share buybacks. Factors beyond the 
Group’s control, including, but not limited to, market and economic conditions, changes in laws, rules or 
regulations, execution risk related to the implementation of the Group’s strategy and other challenges and risk 
factors discussed in this Base Prospectus, could limit its ability to achieve some or all of the expected benefits of 
this strategy. Capital payments from subsidiaries might be restricted as a result of regulatory, tax or other 
constraints. If the Group is unable to implement its strategy successfully in whole or in part or should the 
components of the strategy that are implemented fail to produce the expected benefits, its financial results and 
CSG’s share price may be materially and adversely affected. For further information on the Group’s strategic 
direction, refer to “Strategy” in “I – Information on the company” in the Annual Report 2020.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
Additionally, part of the Group’s strategy has involved a change in focus within certain areas of its 
business, which may have unanticipated negative effects in other areas of the business and may result in an adverse 
effect on the business as a whole. 
The implementation of the Group’s strategy may increase its exposure to certain risks, including, but not 
limited to, credit risks, market risks, operational risks and regulatory risks. The Group also seeks to achieve certain 
financial goals, for example in relation to return on tangible equity, which may or may not be successful. There is 
no guarantee that the Group will be able to achieve these goals in the form described or at all. Finally, changes to 
the organisational structure of the Group’s business, as well as changes in personnel and management, may lead 
to temporary instability of its operations. 
In addition, acquisitions and other similar transactions the Group undertakes subject it to certain risks. 
Even though the Group reviews the records of companies it plans to acquire, it is generally not feasible for the 
Group to review all such records in detail. Even an in-depth review of records may not reveal existing or potential 
problems or permit the Group to become familiar enough with a business to fully assess its capabilities and 
deficiencies. As a result, it may assume unanticipated liabilities (including legal and compliance issues), or an 
acquired business may not perform as well as expected. The Group also faces the risk that it will not be able to 
integrate acquisitions into its existing operations effectively as a result of, among other things, differing 
procedures, business practices and technology systems, as well as difficulties in adapting an acquired company 
into its organisational structure. The Group faces the risk that the returns on acquisitions will not support the 
expenditures or indebtedness incurred to acquire such businesses or the capital expenditures needed to develop 
such businesses. The Group also faces the risk that unsuccessful acquisitions will ultimately result in it being 
required to write down or write off any goodwill associated with such transactions. The Group continues to have 
a significant amount of goodwill relating to its acquisition of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Inc. and other 
transactions recorded on its balance sheet that could result in additional goodwill impairment charges. 
The Group may also seek to engage in new joint ventures (within the Group and with external parties) 
and strategic alliances. Although the Group endeavours to identify appropriate partners, its joint venture efforts 
may prove unsuccessful or may not justify its investment and other commitments. 
4. 
Country and currency exchange risk 
4.1 
Country risks may increase market and credit risks that CS faces 
Country, regional and political risks are components of market and credit risk. Financial markets and 
economic conditions generally have been and may in the future be materially affected by such risks. Economic or 
political pressures in a country or region, including those arising from local market disruptions, currency crises, 
monetary controls or other factors, may adversely affect the ability of clients or counterparties located in that 
country or region to obtain foreign currency or credit and, therefore, to perform their obligations to CS, which in 
turn may have an adverse impact on its results of operations. 
4.2 
CS may face significant losses in emerging markets 
An element of the Group’s strategy is to increase its private banking businesses in emerging market 
countries. CS’s implementation of this strategy will increase its existing exposure to economic instability in those 
countries. CS monitors these risks, seeks diversity in the sectors in which it invests and emphasises client-driven 
business. CS’s efforts at limiting emerging market risk, however, may not always succeed. In addition, various 
emerging market countries have experienced and may continue to experience severe economic, financial and 
political disruptions or slower economic growth than in previous years, including significant devaluations of their 
currencies, defaults or threatened defaults on sovereign debt and capital and currency exchange controls. In 
addition, sanctions have been imposed on certain individuals and companies in these markets that prohibit or 
restrict dealings with them and certain related entities and further sanctions are possible. The possible effects of 
any such disruptions may include an adverse impact on CS’s businesses and increased volatility in financial 
markets generally. 
4.3 
Currency fluctuations may adversely affect CS’s results of operations 
CS is exposed to risk from fluctuations in exchange rates for currencies, particularly the U.S. dollar. In 
particular, a substantial portion of its assets and liabilities are denominated in currencies other than the Swiss 
franc, which is the primary currency of CS’s financial reporting. CS’s capital is also stated in Swiss francs, and it

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
does not fully hedge its capital position against changes in currency exchange rates. The Swiss franc was strong 
against the U.S. dollar and the euro in 2020. 
As CS incurs a significant part of its expenses in Swiss francs while it generates a large proportion of its 
revenues in other currencies, its earnings are sensitive to changes in the exchange rates between the Swiss franc 
and other major currencies. Although CS has implemented a number of measures designed to offset the impact of 
exchange rate fluctuations on its results of operations, the appreciation of the Swiss franc in particular and 
exchange rate volatility in general have had an adverse impact on its results of operations and capital position in 
recent years and may continue to have an adverse effect in the future. 
5. 
Operational, risk management and estimation risks 
5.1 
CS is exposed to a wide variety of operational risks, including cybersecurity and other information 
technology risks 
Operational risk is the risk of financial loss arising from inadequate or failed internal processes, people 
or systems or from external events. In general, although CS has business continuity plans, its businesses face a 
wide variety of operational risks, including technology risk that stems from dependencies on information 
technology, third-party suppliers and the telecommunications infrastructure as well as from the interconnectivity 
of multiple financial institutions with central agents, exchanges and clearing houses. As a global financial services 
company, CS relies heavily on its financial, accounting and other data processing systems, which are varied and 
complex, and it may face additional technology risks due to the global nature of its operations. CS’s business 
depends on its ability to process a large volume of diverse and complex transactions within a short space of time, 
including derivatives transactions, which have increased in volume and complexity. CS may rely on automation, 
robotic processing, machine learning and artificial intelligence for certain operations, and this reliance may 
increase in the future with corresponding advancements in technology, which could expose it to additional 
cybersecurity risks. CS is exposed to operational risk arising from errors made in the execution, confirmation or 
settlement of transactions or from transactions not being properly recorded or accounted for. Cybersecurity and 
other information technology risks for financial institutions have significantly increased in recent years and it may 
face an increased risk of cyber attacks or heightened risks associated with a lesser degree of data and intellectual 
property protection in certain foreign jurisdictions in which it operates. Regulatory requirements in these areas 
have increased and are expected to increase further. 
Information security, data confidentiality and integrity are of critical importance to CS’s businesses, and 
there has been recent regulatory scrutiny on the ability of companies to safeguard personal information of 
individuals in accordance with data protection regulation, including the European General Data Protection 
Regulation and the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection. Governmental authorities, employees, individual 
customers or business partners may initiate proceedings against CS as a result of security breaches affecting the 
confidentiality or integrity of personal data, as well as the failure, or perceived failure, to comply with data 
protection regulations. The adequate monitoring of operational risks and adherence to data protection regulations 
have also come under increased regulatory scrutiny. Any failure of CS to adequately ensure the security of data 
and to address the increased technology-related operational risks could also lead to regulatory sanctions or 
investigations and a loss of trust in its systems, which may adversely affect its reputation, business and operations. 
For further information, refer to “Data Protection Act” in “I – Information on the company – Regulation 
and supervision – Recent regulatory developments and proposals – Switzerland” and “Data protection 
regulation” in “I – Information on the company – Regulation and supervision – Regulatory framework – EU” in 
the Annual Report 2020. 
Threats to CS’s cybersecurity and data protection systems require the Group to dedicate significant 
financial and human resources to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of its systems and 
information. Despite the wide range of security measures, it is not always possible to anticipate the evolving threat 
landscape and mitigate all risks to its systems and information. These threats may derive from human error, fraud 
or malice, or may result from accidental technological failure. There may also be attempts to fraudulently induce 
employees, clients, third parties or other users of CS’s systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain 
access to its data or that of its clients. CS could also be affected by risks to the systems and information of clients, 
vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties. Security breaches may involve substantial 
remediation costs, affect its ability to carry out its businesses or impair the trust of CS’s clients or potential clients, 
any of which could have a material adverse effect on its business and financial results. In addition, CS may 
introduce new products or services or change processes, resulting in new operational risks that it may not fully 
appreciate or identify.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
The ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic has led to a wide-scale and prolonged shift to remote working 
for CS’s employees, which increases the vulnerability of its information technology systems and the likelihood of 
damage as a result of a cybersecurity incident. For example, the use of remote devices to access the firm’s 
networks could impact CS’s ability to quickly detect and mitigate security threats and human errors as they arise. 
Remote working may also require CS’s employees to use third party technology, which may not provide the same 
level of information security as CS’s own information systems. Additionally, it is more challenging to ensure the 
comprehensive roll-out of system security updates and CS also has less visibility over the physical security of its 
devices and systems. Its customers have also increasingly relied on remote (digital) banking services during the 
COVID-19 pandemic. This has resulted in a greater demand for its information technology infrastructure and 
increases the potential significance of any outage or cybersecurity incident that may occur. Due to the evolving 
nature of cybersecurity risks and CS’s reduced visibility and control in light of remote working in the context of 
the global COVID-19 pandemic, its efforts to provide appropriate policies and security measures may prove 
insufficient to mitigate all cybersecurity and data protection threats. The rise in remote access, by both CS’s 
employees and customers, has increased the burden on CS’s information technology systems and may cause its 
systems (and its ability to deliver its services) to become slow or fail entirely. Any slowdown in its service delivery 
or any system outage due to overutilisation will have a negative impact on its business and reputation. 
CS and other financial institutions have been subject to cyber attacks, information or security breaches 
and other forms of attacks. CS expects to continue to be the target of such attacks in the future. In the event of a 
cyber attack, information or security breach or technology failure, CS may experience operational issues, the 
infiltration of payment systems or the unauthorised release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of 
confidential, proprietary and other information relating to the Group, its clients, vendors, service providers, 
counterparties or other third parties. Given CS’s global footprint and the high volume of transactions it processes, 
the large number of clients, partners and counterparties with which it does business, its growing use of digital, 
mobile and internet-based services, and the increasing frequency, sophistication and evolving nature of cyber 
attacks, a cyber attack, information or security breach or technology failure may occur without detection for an 
extended period of time. In addition, CS expects that any investigation of a cyber attack, information or security 
breach or technology failure will be inherently unpredictable and it may take time before any investigation is 
complete. During such time, CS may not know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it and certain errors 
or actions may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and rectified, all or any of which would 
further increase the costs and consequences of a cyber attack, information or security breach or technology failure. 
If any of CS’s systems do not operate properly or are compromised as a result of cyber attacks, 
information or security breaches, technology failures, unauthorised access, loss or destruction of data, 
unavailability of service, computer viruses or other events that could have an adverse security impact, CS could 
be subject to litigation or suffer financial loss not covered by insurance, a disruption of its businesses, liability to 
its clients, damage to relationships with its vendors, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. Any such 
event could also require CS to expend significant additional resources to modify its protective measures or to 
investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures. CS may also be required to expend resources to 
comply with new and increasingly expansive regulatory requirements related to cybersecurity. 
5.2 
CS may suffer losses due to employee misconduct 
CS’s businesses are exposed to risk from potential non-compliance with policies or regulations, 
employee misconduct or negligence and fraud, which could result in civil, regulatory or criminal investigations 
and charges, regulatory sanctions and serious reputational or financial harm. In recent years, a number of 
multinational financial institutions have suffered material losses due to, for example, the actions of traders 
executing unauthorised trades or other employee misconduct. It is not always possible to deter or fully prevent 
employee misconduct and the precautions CS takes to prevent and detect this activity may not always be effective. 
5.3 
CS’s risk management procedures and policies may not always be effective 
CS has risk management procedures and policies designed to manage its risk. These techniques and 
policies, however, may not always be effective, particularly in highly volatile markets. CS continues to adapt its 
risk management techniques, in particular value-at-risk and economic capital, which rely on historical data, to 
reflect changes in the financial and credit markets. No risk management procedures can anticipate every market 
development or event, and CS’s risk management procedures and hedging strategies, and the judgements behind 
them, may not fully mitigate its risk exposure in all markets or against all types of risk. For information on CS’s 
risk management, refer to “Risk management” in “III – Treasury, Risk, Balance sheet and Off-balance sheet” in 
the Annual Report 2020 and “II – Treasury, risk, balance sheet and off-balance sheet – Risk management” in the 
Financial Report 1Q21.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
5.4 
CS’s actual results may differ from its estimates and valuations 
CS makes estimates and valuations that affect its reported results, including determining the fair value 
of certain assets and liabilities, establishing provisions for contingencies and losses for loans, litigation and 
regulatory proceedings, accounting for goodwill and intangible asset impairments, evaluating its ability to realise 
deferred tax assets, valuing equity-based compensation awards, modelling its risk exposure and calculating 
expenses and liabilities associated with its pension plans. These estimates are based on judgement and available 
information, and its actual results may differ materially from these estimates. For more information on these 
estimates and valuations, refer to “Critical accounting estimates” in “II – Operating and financial review” and 
“Note 1 – Summary of significant accounting policies” in “VI – Consolidated financial statements – Credit Suisse 
Group” in the Annual Report 2020. 
CS’s estimates and valuations rely on models and processes to predict economic conditions and market 
or other events that might affect the ability of counterparties to perform their obligations to CS or impact the value 
of assets. To the extent CS’s models and processes become less predictive due to unforeseen market conditions, 
illiquidity or volatility, CS’s ability to make accurate estimates and valuations could be adversely affected. 
5.5 
CS’s accounting treatment of off-balance sheet entities may change 
CS enters into transactions with special purpose entities (SPEs) in its normal course of business, and 
certain SPEs with which it transacts and conducts business are not consolidated and their assets and liabilities are 
off-balance sheet. CS may have to exercise significant management judgement in applying relevant accounting 
consolidation standards, either initially or after the occurrence of certain events that may require CS to reassess 
whether consolidation is required. Accounting standards relating to consolidation, and their interpretation, have 
changed and may continue to change. If CS is required to consolidate an SPE, its assets and liabilities would be 
recorded on CS’s consolidated balance sheets and CS would recognise related gains and losses in its consolidated 
statements of operations, and this could have an adverse impact on CS’s results of operations and capital and 
leverage ratios. For more information on CS’s transactions with and commitments to SPEs, refer to “Off-balance 
sheet” in “III – Treasury, Risk, Balance sheet and Off-balance sheet – Balance sheet and off-balance sheet” in the 
Annual Report 2020 and “II – Treasury, risk, balance sheet and off-balance sheet – Balance sheet and off-balance 
sheet – Off-balance sheet” in the Financial Report 1Q21. 
5.6 
CS is exposed to climate change risks, which could adversely affect its reputation, business operations, 
clients and customers, as well as the creditworthiness of its counterparties 
CS operates in many regions, countries and communities around the world where its businesses, and the 
activities of its clients, could be impacted by climate change. Climate change could expose CS to financial risk 
either through its physical (e.g., climate or weather-related events) or transitional (e.g., changes in climate policy 
or in the regulation of financial institutions with respect to climate change risks) effects. Transition risks could be 
further accelerated by the occurrence of changes in the physical climate. 
Physical and transition climate risks could have a financial impact on CS either directly, through its 
physical assets, costs and operations, or indirectly, through its financial relationships with its clients. These risks 
are varied and include, but are not limited to, the risk of declines in asset values, including in connection with 
CS’s real estate investments, credit risk associated with loans and other credit exposures to its clients, business 
risk, including loss of revenues associated with reducing exposure to traditional business with clients that do not 
have a credible transition plan, decrease in assets under management if such clients decide to move assets away 
and increased defaults and reallocation of capital as a result of changes in global policies, and regulatory risk, 
including ongoing legislative and regulatory uncertainties and changes regarding climate risk management and 
best practices. Additionally, the risk of reduced availability of insurance, operational risk related to CS-owned 
buildings and infrastructure, the risk of significant interruptions to business operations, as well as the need to make 
changes in response to those consequences are further examples of climate-related risks. CS’s reputation and client 
relationships may be damaged by its, or its clients’, involvement in certain business activities associated with 
climate change or as a result of negative public sentiment, regulatory scrutiny or reduced investor and stakeholder 
confidence due to its response to climate change and its climate change strategy. If CS fails to appropriately 
measure and manage the various risks it faces as a result of climate change, or fails to adapt its strategy and 
business model to the changing regulatory requirements and market expectations, its business, results of 
operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
For information on CS’s risk management procedures relating to climate change, refer to “Climate-
related risks” in “III – Treasury, Risk, Balance sheet and Off-balance sheet - Risk management” in the Annual 
Report 2020. 
6. 
Legal, regulatory and reputational risks 
6.1 
The Group’s exposure to legal liability is significant 
The Group faces significant legal risks in its businesses, and the volume and amount of damages claimed 
in litigation, regulatory proceedings and other adversarial proceedings against financial services firms continue to 
increase in many of the principal markets in which CS operates. 
CSG and its subsidiaries, including CS, are subject to a number of material legal proceedings, regulatory 
actions and investigations, and an adverse result in one or more of these proceedings could have a material adverse 
effect on its operating results for any particular period, depending, in part, on its results for such period. For 
information relating to these and other legal and regulatory proceedings involving CS’s investment banking and 
other businesses, refer to “Note 40 – Litigation” in “VI – Consolidated financial statements – Credit Suisse Group” 
in the Annual Report 2020 and “Note 33 – Litigation” in “III – Condensed consolidated financial statements – 
unaudited” in the Financial Report 1Q21. 
It is inherently difficult to predict the outcome of many of the legal, regulatory and other adversarial 
proceedings involving the Group’s businesses, particularly those cases in which the matters are brought on behalf 
of various classes of claimants, seek damages of unspecified or indeterminate amounts or involve novel legal 
claims. Management is required to establish, increase or release reserves for losses that are probable and 
reasonably estimable in connection with these matters, all of which requires the application of significant 
judgement and discretion. For further information, refer to “Critical accounting estimates” in “II – Operating and 
financial review” and “Note 1 – Summary of significant accounting policies” in “VI – Consolidated financial 
statements – Credit Suisse Group” in the Annual Report 2020. 
6.2 
Regulatory changes may adversely affect CS’s business and ability to execute its strategic plans 
In many areas of its business, CS is subject to extensive regulation by governmental agencies, supervisory 
authorities and self-regulatory organisations in Switzerland, the EU, the UK, the U.S. and other jurisdictions in 
which it operates. CS expects to face increasingly extensive and complex regulation and regulatory scrutiny and 
possible enforcement actions. In recent years, costs related to CS’s compliance with these requirements and the 
penalties and fines sought and imposed on the financial services industry by regulatory authorities have increased 
significantly. CS expects such increased regulation and enforcement to continue to increase its costs, including, 
but not limited to, costs related to compliance, systems and operations, and to negatively affect its ability to 
conduct certain types of business. These increased costs and negative impacts on CS’s business could adversely 
affect its profitability and competitive position. These regulations often serve to limit CS’s activities, including 
through the application of increased or enhanced capital, leverage and liquidity requirements, the implementation 
of additional capital surcharges for risks related to operational, litigation, regulatory and similar matters, customer 
protection and market conduct regulations and direct or indirect restrictions on the businesses in which CS may 
operate or invest. Such limitations can have a negative effect on its business and its ability to implement strategic 
initiatives. To the extent CS is required to divest certain businesses, it could incur losses, as it may be forced to 
sell such businesses at a discount, which in certain instances could be substantial, as a result of both the constrained 
timing of such sales and the possibility that other financial institutions are liquidating similar investments at the 
same time. 
Since 2008, regulators and governments have focused on the reform of the financial services industry, 
including enhanced capital, leverage and liquidity requirements, changes in compensation practices (including tax 
levies) and measures to address systemic risk, including ring-fencing certain activities and operations within 
specific legal entities. These regulations and requirements could require the Group to reduce assets held in certain 
subsidiaries or inject capital or other funds into or otherwise change its operations or the structure of its 
subsidiaries and the Group. Differences in the details and implementation of such regulations may further 
negatively affect the Group, including CS, as certain requirements are currently not expected to apply equally to 
all of its competitors or to be implemented uniformly across jurisdictions. 
Moreover, as a number of these requirements are currently being finalised and implemented, their 
regulatory impact may further increase in the future and their ultimate impact cannot be predicted at this time. For 
example, the Basel III reforms are still being finalised and implemented and/or phased in, as applicable. The

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
additional requirements related to minimum regulatory capital, leverage ratios and liquidity measures imposed by 
Basel III, as implemented in Switzerland, together with more stringent requirements imposed by the Swiss 
legislation and their application by FINMA, and the related implementing ordinances and actions by CS’s 
regulators, have contributed to CS’s decision to reduce RWA and the size of its balance sheet, and could 
potentially impact its access to capital markets and increase its funding costs. In addition, various reforms in the 
U.S., including the “Volcker Rule” and derivatives regulation, have imposed, and will continue to impose, new 
regulatory duties on certain of CS’s operations. These requirements have contributed to CS’s decision to exit 
certain businesses (including a number of its private equity businesses) and may lead it to exit other businesses. 
Recent Commodity Futures Trading Commission, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and Fed rules and 
proposals have materially increased, or could in the future materially increase, the operating costs, including 
margin requirements, compliance, information technology and related costs, associated with CS’s derivatives 
businesses with U.S. persons, while at the same time making it more difficult for CS to operate a derivatives 
business outside the U.S. Further, in 2014, the Fed adopted a final rule under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform 
and Consumer Protection Act that introduced a new framework for regulation of the U.S. operations of foreign 
banking organisations such as CS. Implementation is expected to continue to result in CS incurring additional 
costs and to affect the way CS conducts its business in the U.S., including through its U.S. intermediate holding 
company. Further, current and possible future cross-border tax regulation with extraterritorial effect, such as the 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, and other bilateral or multilateral tax treaties and agreements on the 
automatic exchange of information in tax matters, impose detailed reporting obligations and increased compliance 
and systems-related costs on CS’s businesses. In addition, the U.S. tax reform enacted on 22nd December 2017 
introduced substantial changes to the U.S. tax system, including the lowering of the corporate tax rate and the 
introduction of the U.S. base erosion and anti-abuse tax. Additionally, implementation of regulations such as the 
Capital Requirements Directive V (CRD V) in the EU, the Swiss Financial Services Act of 15th June 2018, as 
amended (FinSA), in Switzerland, and other reforms may negatively affect CS’s business activities. Whether or 
not the FinSA, together with supporting or implementing ordinances and regulations, will be deemed equivalent 
to MiFID II, currently remains uncertain. Swiss banks, including CS, may accordingly be limited from 
participating in certain businesses regulated by MiFID II. Finally, CS expects that total loss-absorbing capacity 
(TLAC) requirements, which took effect on 1st January 2019 in Switzerland, the U.S. and in the UK, as well as 
in the EU with respect to global systemically important banks (G-SIBs) from 27th June 2019, and are being 
finalised in many other jurisdictions, as well as new requirements and rules with respect to the internal total loss-
absorbing capacity (iTLAC) of G-SIBs and their operating entities, may increase CS’s cost of funding and restrict 
its ability to deploy capital and liquidity on a global basis as needed once the TLAC and iTLAC requirements are 
implemented across all relevant jurisdictions. 
CS is subject to economic sanctions laws and regulatory requirements of various countries. These laws 
and regulatory requirements generally prohibit or restrict transactions involving certain countries/territories and 
parties. CS’s costs of monitoring and complying with frequent and complex changes to applicable economic 
sanctions laws and regulatory requirements have increased and there is an increased risk that it may not identify 
and stop prohibited activities before they occur or that it may otherwise fail to comply with economic sanctions 
laws and regulatory requirements. Any violation of a sanctions programme could subject CS to significant civil 
and potentially criminal penalties.  
For further information, refer to “Sanctions” in “I – Information on the company – Regulation and 
supervision – Recent regulatory developments and proposals – US” in the Annual Report 2020. 
The Group expects the financial services industry and its members, including CS, to continue to be 
affected by the significant uncertainty over the scope and content of regulatory reform in 2021 and beyond, in 
particular, uncertainty in relation to the future U.S. regulatory agenda of the new presidential administration, 
which includes a variety of proposals to change existing regulations or the approach to regulation of the financial 
industry as well as potential new tax policy, and potential changes in regulation following the UK’s withdrawal 
from the EU and the results of European national elections. Changes in laws, rules or regulations, or in their 
interpretation or enforcement, or the implementation of new laws, rules or regulations, may adversely affect CS’s 
results of operations. 
Despite CS’s best efforts to comply with applicable regulations, a number of risks remain, particularly 
in areas where applicable regulations may be unclear or inconsistent across jurisdictions or where regulators or 
international bodies, organisations or unions revise their previous guidance or courts overturn previous rulings. 
Additionally, authorities in many jurisdictions have the power to bring administrative or judicial proceedings 
against CS, which could result in, among other things, suspension or revocation of its licences, cease and desist 
orders, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties or other disciplinary action that could materially adversely affect 
CS’s results of operations and seriously harm its reputation. For a description of the Group’s regulatory regime

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
and a summary of some of the significant regulatory and government reform proposals affecting the financial 
services industry, refer to “I – Information on the company – Regulation and supervision” in the Annual Report 
2020. For information regarding CS’s current regulatory framework and expected changes to this framework 
affecting capital and liquidity standards, refer to “Liquidity and funding management” and “Capital management”, 
each  in “III – Treasury, Risk, Balance sheet and Off-balance sheet” in the Annual Report 2020 and “II – Treasury, 
risk, balance sheet and off-balance sheet” in the Financial Report 1Q21. 
6.3 
Damage to CS’s reputation could significantly harm its businesses, including its competitive position 
and business prospects  
CS’s ability to attract and retain customers, clients, investors and employees, and conduct business 
transactions with its counterparties, could be adversely affected to the extent its reputation is damaged. Harm to 
its reputation can arise from various sources, including if its comprehensive procedures and controls fail, or appear 
to fail, to prevent employee misconduct, negligence and fraud, to address conflicts of interest and breach of 
fiduciary obligations, to produce materially accurate and complete financial and other information, to identify 
credit, liquidity, operational and market risks inherent in its business or to prevent adverse legal or regulatory 
actions or investigations. Additionally, CS’s reputation may be harmed by compliance failures, privacy and data 
security intrusions, cyber incidents, technology failures, challenges to the suitability or reasonableness of its 
particular trading or investment recommendations or strategies and the activities of its customers, clients, 
counterparties and third parties. Actions by the financial services industry generally or by certain members or 
individuals in the industry also can adversely affect its reputation. In addition, its reputation may be negatively 
impacted by its Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) practices and disclosures, including those related 
to climate change and how it addresses ESG concerns in its business activities, or by its clients’ involvement in 
certain business activities associated with climate change. Adverse publicity or negative information in the media, 
posted on social media by employees, or otherwise, whether or not factually correct, may also adversely impact 
its business prospects or financial results, which risk can be magnified by the speed and pervasiveness with which 
information is disseminated through those channels. 
A reputation for financial strength and integrity is critical to CS’s performance in the highly competitive 
environment arising from globalisation and convergence in the financial services industry, and its failure to 
address, or the appearance of its failing to address, these and other issues gives rise to reputational risk that could 
harm its business, results of operations and financial condition. Failure to appropriately address any of these issues 
could also give rise to additional regulatory restrictions and legal risks, which may further lead to reputational 
harm. 
For further information, refer to “Reputational risk” in “III – Treasury, Risk, Balance sheet and Off-
balance sheet – Risk management – Risk coverage and management” in the Annual Report 2020.  
6.4 
Swiss resolution proceedings and resolution planning requirements may affect CSG and the Issuer’s 
shareholders and creditors 
Pursuant to Swiss banking laws, FINMA has broad powers and discretion in the case of resolution 
proceedings with respect to a Swiss bank, such as the Issuer or Credit Suisse (Schweiz) AG (a wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Issuer), and to a Swiss parent company of a financial group, such as CSG. These broad powers 
include the power to initiate restructuring proceedings with respect to the Issuer, Credit Suisse (Schweiz) AG or 
CSG and, in connection therewith, cancel the outstanding equity of the entity subject to such proceedings, convert 
such entity’s debt instruments and other liabilities into equity and/or cancel such debt instruments and other 
liabilities, in each case, in whole or in part, and stay (for a maximum of two business days) certain termination 
and netting rights under contracts to which such entity is a party, as well as the power to order protective measures, 
including the deferment of payments, and institute liquidation proceedings with respect to the Issuer, Credit Suisse 
(Schweiz) AG or CSG. The scope of such powers and discretion and the legal mechanisms that would be applied 
are subject to development and interpretation. 
The Group is currently subject to resolution planning requirements in Switzerland, the U.S. and the UK 
and may face similar requirements in other jurisdictions. If a resolution plan is determined by the relevant authority 
to be inadequate, relevant regulations may allow the authority to place limitations on the scope or size of its 
business in that jurisdiction, require it to hold higher amounts of capital or liquidity, require the Group to divest 
assets or subsidiaries or to change its legal structure or business to remove the relevant impediments to resolution. 
For information regarding the current resolution regime under Swiss banking laws as it applies to the Issuer, Credit 
Suisse (Schweiz) AG and CSG, refer to “Recent regulatory developments and proposals – Switzerland” and

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
“Regulatory framework – Switzerland – Resolution regime”, each in “I – Information on the company – Regulation 
and supervision” in the Annual Report 2020. See also “Rights of the holders of Notes may be adversely affected 
by FINMA’s broad statutory powers in the case of a restructuring proceeding in relation to the Issuer, including 
its power to convert such Notes into equity and/or partially or fully write-down such Notes.” 
6.5 
Changes in monetary policy are beyond CS’s control and difficult to predict 
CS is affected by the monetary policies adopted by the central banks and regulatory authorities of 
Switzerland, the U.S. and other countries. The actions of the SNB and other central banking authorities directly 
impact CS’s cost of funds for lending, capital raising and investment activities and may impact the value of 
financial instruments it holds and the competitive and operating environment for the financial services industry. 
Many central banks, including the Fed, have implemented significant changes to their monetary policy or have 
experienced significant changes in their management and may implement or experience further changes. CS 
cannot predict whether these changes will have a material adverse effect on it or its operations. In addition, 
changes in monetary policy may affect the credit quality of its customers. Any changes in monetary policy are 
beyond CS’s control and difficult to predict. 
6.6 
Legal restrictions on CS’s clients may reduce the demand for its services 
CS may be materially affected not only by regulations applicable to it as a financial services company, 
but also by regulations and changes in enforcement practices applicable to its clients. CS’s business could be 
affected by, among other things, existing and proposed tax legislation, antitrust and competition policies, corporate 
governance initiatives and other governmental regulations and policies, and changes in the interpretation or 
enforcement of existing laws and rules that affect business and the financial markets. For example, focus on tax 
compliance and changes in enforcement practices could lead to further asset outflows from its private banking 
businesses. 
7. 
Competition 
7.1 
CS faces intense competition 
CS faces intense competition in all sectors of the financial services markets and for the products and 
services it offers. Consolidation through mergers, acquisitions, alliances and cooperation, including as a result of 
financial distress, has increased competitive pressures. Competition is based on many factors, including the 
products and services offered, pricing, distribution systems, customer service, brand recognition, perceived 
financial strength and the willingness to use capital to serve client needs. Consolidation has created a number of 
firms that, like CS, have the ability to offer a wide range of products and services, from loans and deposit taking 
to brokerage, investment banking and asset management services. Some of these firms may be able to offer a 
broader range of products than CS does, or offer such products at more competitive prices. Current market 
conditions have resulted in significant changes in the competitive landscape in CS’s industry as many institutions 
have merged, altered the scope of their business, declared bankruptcy, received government assistance or changed 
their regulatory status, which will affect how they conduct their business. In addition, current market conditions 
have had a fundamental impact on client demand for products and services. Some new competitors in the financial 
technology sector have sought to target existing segments of CS’s businesses that could be susceptible to 
disruption by innovative or less regulated business models. Emerging technology may also result in further 
competition in the markets in which CS operates, for example, by allowing e-commerce firms or other companies 
to provide products and services similar to CS’s at a lower price or in a more competitive manner in terms of 
customer convenience. CS can give no assurance that its results of operations will not be adversely affected. 
7.2 
CS must recruit and retain highly skilled employees 
CS’s performance is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. 
Competition for qualified employees is intense. CS has devoted considerable resources to recruiting, training and 
compensating employees. CS’s continued ability to compete effectively in its businesses depends on its ability to 
attract new employees and to retain and motivate its existing employees. The continued public focus on 
compensation practices in the financial services industry, and related regulatory changes, may have an adverse 
impact on CS’s ability to attract and retain highly skilled employees. In particular, limits on the amount and form 
of executive compensation imposed by regulatory initiatives, including the Swiss Compensation Ordinance or any 
successor legislation thereof in Switzerland and the Capital Requirements Directive IV (as amended by CRD V)

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
in the EU and the UK, could potentially have an adverse impact on CS’s ability to retain certain of its most highly 
skilled employees and hire new qualified employees in certain businesses. 
7.3 
CS faces competition from new trading technologies 
CS’s businesses face competitive challenges from new trading technologies, including trends towards 
direct access to automated and electronic markets with low or no fees and commissions, and the move to more 
automated trading platforms. Such technologies and trends may adversely affect CS’s commission and trading 
revenues, exclude its businesses from certain transaction flows, reduce its participation in the trading markets and 
the associated access to market information and lead to the establishment of new and stronger competitors. CS 
has made, and may continue to be required to make, significant additional expenditures to develop and support 
new trading systems or otherwise invest in technology to maintain its competitive position. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
8. 
Risks related to all Series of Notes 
The Issuer may, without consent of the Noteholders, substitute the branch through which any Notes are issued 
Under the terms of the Notes, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, make payment and 
fulfil any of its other obligations in respect of the Notes (if the Issuer is acting through one of its branches) through 
its head office or another branch or (if the Issuer is acting through its head office) through one of its branches. 
Rights of the holders of Notes may be adversely affected by FINMA’s broad statutory powers in the case of a 
restructuring proceeding in relation to the Issuer, including its power to convert such Notes into equity and/or 
partially or fully write-down such Notes 
Swiss banking laws provide FINMA with broad powers and discretion in the case of resolution 
procedures with respect to Swiss banks such as the Issuer. In such resolution procedures, FINMA may require the 
conversion of Notes into equity of the Issuer and/or a partial or full write-down of Notes. In such case, holders of 
Notes would lose all or some of their investment in such Notes. Where FINMA orders the conversion of Notes 
into equity of the Issuer, the securities received may be worth significantly less than the Notes and may have a 
significantly different risk profile. 
For information regarding the current resolution regime under Swiss banking laws as it applies to the Issuer, refer 
to “Recent regulatory developments and proposals – Switzerland” and “Regulatory framework – Switzerland – 
Resolution regime” in “I – Information on the company – Regulation and supervision” in the Annual Report 2020. 
Modification 
The Terms and Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by use 
of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests 
generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, including 
those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Swiss statutory rules on bondholder meetings set forth in article 1157 et seq. of 
the Swiss Code of Obligations of 30 March 1911 (as amended) will apply, instead of the provisions on bondholder 
meetings described in the first paragraph of Condition 18 of the Terms and Conditions. In such case, in particular 
and based on Swiss law currently in effect, no virtual bondholder meetings will be allowed and any amendments 
to the Terms and Conditions may only be done without the consent of the Noteholders if such consent is not 
required by mandatory provisions of Swiss law. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes 
may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of 
such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds 
an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system 
would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a 
definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed or issued) and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance 
can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative practice 
after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Notes will not be covered by any government compensation or insurance scheme and will not have the benefit 
of any government guarantee 
An investment in the Notes will not be covered by any compensation or insurance scheme of any 
government agency of Switzerland or any other jurisdiction and the Notes will not have the benefit of any 
government guarantee. The Notes will be the obligations of the Issuer only and Noteholders must look solely to 
the Issuer for the performance of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. In the event of the insolvency of the 
Issuer, a Noteholder may lose all or some of its investment in the Notes. 
Following an Event of Default, the Notes will only become due and payable in certain circumstances 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Notes will only become immediately due and payable 
upon holders of at least 25 per cent. in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes giving notice in writing 
to the Agent at its specified office declaring all the Notes to be immediately due and payable, unless such Event 
of Default shall have been remedied prior to the receipt of such notice by the Agent. If holders of at least 25 per 
cent. in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes do not provide such notice to the Agent then, 
notwithstanding the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Notes will not become due and payable. 
9. 
Risks related to the terms of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
The Notes may be subject to early redemption at the option of the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the relevant Series of Notes. During 
any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Notes that bear interest at a rate that converts from either a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to 
a fixed rate 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Upon such conversion from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, the spread on the Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may 
be lower than the rates on other Notes. Upon such conversion from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate 
may be lower than then prevailing floating rates prior to such conversion and lower than the rates on other Notes 
and could therefore adversely affect the secondary market in and the market value of such Floating Rate/Fixed 
Rate Notes. See also “The value of and return on Notes that have a Rate of Interest determined by reference to a

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
Reference Rate that is or is based on a “benchmark”, including LIBOR and EURIBOR may be adversely affected 
by any discontinuation or reform of such benchmark” below. 
Interest rate risks in relation to Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
The value of and return on Notes that have a Rate of Interest determined by reference to a Reference Rate that is 
or is based on a “benchmark”, including LIBOR and EURIBOR may be adversely affected by any discontinuation 
or reform of such benchmark 
Certain Reference Rates, including LIBOR, EURIBOR and other rates or indices included in the Terms 
and Conditions, are deemed to be or are based on “benchmarks” that are the subject of ongoing national and 
international regulatory scrutiny and reform. Some of these reforms are already effective, while others are still to 
be implemented or formulated. These reforms may cause such “benchmarks” to perform differently than they 
performed in the past (including in the case of any continued publication of such “benchmarks” on a synthetic 
basis) or to be discontinued entirely and may have other consequences that cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequences could adversely affect the value of and return on any Note that has a Rate of Interest determined by 
reference to a Reference Rate that is or is based on a “benchmark”, particularly if such Note is a Floating Rate 
Note. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
“benchmarks”, the contribution of input data to a “benchmark” and the use of a “benchmark” within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, 
to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation), among other things, applies to 
the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by 
UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the 
FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a 
“benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of any “benchmark” are changed in order to comply 
with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. 
Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of such “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to the discontinuation or unavailability 
of quotes of certain “benchmarks”. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules 
or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the 
above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other 
initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked 
to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. See also “The discontinuation of 
a Reference Rate (other than in the case of Compounded Daily SOFR or SARON Compounded)and its 
replacement with a Replacement Rate, may result in interest payments that are lower than or that do not otherwise 
correlate over time with the payments that could have been made on the applicable Series of Notes if the Existing 
Rate was still available and could adversely affect the market price for such Notes” below. 
The discontinuation of a Reference Rate (other than in the case of Compounded Daily SOFR or SARON 
Compounded) and its replacement with a Replacement Rate, may result in interest payments that are lower than 
or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been made on the applicable Series 
of Notes if the Existing Rate was still available and could adversely affect the market price for such Notes

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
To the extent the Reference Rate (other than in the case of Compounded Daily SOFR or SARON 
Compounded) for any Floating Rate Note is discontinued or is no longer quoted, such Reference Rate will be 
determined using the alternative methods described in the Terms and Conditions, such as those described in 
Condition 6.2(b)(ii) of the Terms and Conditions or those described in Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(B) of the Terms and 
Conditions. Any of these alternative methods may result in interest payments that are lower than or that do not 
otherwise correlate over time with the payments that would have been made on those Notes if the relevant 
Reference Rate was available in its current form. Further, the same costs and risks that may lead to the 
discontinuation or unavailability of a Reference Rate may make one or more of the alternative methods impossible 
or impracticable to determine. The final alternative method for those Notes set forth in the Terms and Conditions 
(subject, if applicable, to Condition 6.2(b)(vi) of the Terms and Conditions) effectively sets the Reference Rate 
for an Interest Period at the same rate as the immediately preceding Interest Period. In the case of a Floating Rate 
Note, or during the period for which a floating rate basis applies for a fixed to floating Note or a floating to fixed 
Note, this alternative method would effectively convert such Note into a fixed rate instrument. 
Notwithstanding the alternative methods for determining the applicable Reference Rate described in the 
immediately preceding paragraph, if the applicable Final Terms specify that Replacement Rate Determination is 
applicable (including in the case of Floating Rate Notes where the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA), 
then, pursuant to Condition 6.2(b)(vi) of the Terms and Conditions, the Replacement Rate Agent will have the 
discretion to determine at any time on or prior to the Specified Time on any Interest Determination Date (i) that 
the Reference Rate (the Existing Rate), has been discontinued, and (ii) if so, whether to use a substitute or 
successor rate that it has determined in its sole discretion is most comparable to the Existing Rate (such substitute 
or successor rate being the Replacement Rate) for purposes of calculating the Reference Rate on such Interest 
Determination Date and each subsequent Interest Determination Date. If the Replacement Rate Agent determines 
to use a substitute or successor rate pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence, it shall select such rate in its 
sole discretion, provided that, if it determines that there is an appropriate industry-accepted successor rate to the 
Existing Rate, it shall select such industry-accepted successor rate. 
Furthermore, if the Replacement Rate Agent has determined to use such a Replacement Rate, (A) it will 
in its sole discretion determine (x) the method for obtaining the Replacement Rate (including any alternative 
method for determining the Replacement Rate if such substitute or successor rate is unavailable on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date), which method must be consistent with industry accepted practices for the 
Replacement Rate, and (y) any adjustment factor as may be necessary to make the Replacement Rate comparable 
to the Existing Rate had it not been discontinued, consistent with industry-accepted practices for the Replacement 
Rate, and (B) if it in its sole discretion determines that changes to the definitions of Business Day, Day Count 
Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest Period, Reference Banks, Relevant Financial Centre, Relevant 
Screen Page, Specified Time or London Banking Days, as applicable, are necessary in order to implement the 
Replacement Rate as the Reference Rate and/or changes to Conditions 6.2(b)(ii), 6.2(b)(iii)(B) or 6.2(b)(iv)(E) of 
the Terms and Conditions, are necessary to implement any alternative method or adjustment factor for determining 
the Replacement Rate as described in (A) above, such definitions and/or Condition will be amended accordingly. 
The use of a Replacement Rate, including the determination to use (or not use) an adjustment factor, may result 
in interest payments that are lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could 
have been made on the applicable Series of Notes if the Existing Rate was still available in the form it was 
available as of the relevant Issue Date. Furthermore, with respect to any such Series of Notes, any exercise by the 
Replacement Rate Agent of the discretion described herein could adversely affect the market price for such Notes. 
In addition, if an affiliate of the Issuer is appointed as Replacement Rate Agent, any exercise of such discretion 
may present the Issuer or such affiliate with a conflict of interest. 
If the Existing Rate has been discontinued and the Replacement Rate Agent does not determine a 
Replacement Rate, then the Reference Rate will be determined using the alternative methods described above, 
which are applicable to all cases in which the Existing Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
Specified Time (other than for Compounded Daily SONIA, in which case see Condition 6.2(b)(iii) of the Terms 
and Conditions). In any such case, such alternative methods may not only have the effects described in such 
paragraph, but may also result in interest payments that are lower than those that would have been made on the 
applicable Series of Notes if a Replacement Rate had been determined. 
Floating Rate Notes may have a Rate of Interest determined by reference to SONIA, SOFR, SARON or 
another risk free rate (including an overnight rate), which are relatively new reference rates and the market 
continues to develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR, SARON and such other risk free rates as reference rates  
The Rate of Interest for a series of Floating Rate Notes may be determined by reference to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate as provided by the Bank of England, the daily secured overnight

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
financing rate (SOFR) as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, the daily Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight (SARON) or another risk free rate (including an overnight rate). Where the Rate of Interest for a series 
of Floating Rate Notes is determined by reference to SONIA (any such Notes, SONIA-Linked Notes), SOFR 
(any such Notes, SOFR-Linked Notes) or SARON (any such Notes, SARON-Linked Notes), interest will be 
determined on the basis of, and the Reference Rate will be, Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily 
SOFR or SARON Compounded, respectively (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions). Compounded Daily 
SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR and SARON Compounded differ from Sterling LIBOR, U.S. dollar LIBOR 
and CHF LIBOR, respectively, in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) that Compounded 
Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR and SARON Compounded are backwards-looking, compounded, risk-
free or secured overnight rates, whereas Sterling LIBOR, U.S. dollar LIBOR and CHF LIBOR are expressed on 
the basis of a forward-looking term and include a credit risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, 
investors in Floating Rate Notes that reference Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR or SARON 
Compounded should be aware that Sterling LIBOR, U.S. Dollar LIBOR and CHF LIBOR may behave materially 
differently from Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR and SARON Compounded, respectively, 
including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, market volatility or 
global or regional economic, financial, political, regulatory, judicial or other events. The use of SONIA, SOFR 
and SARON as reference rates is also nascent, and subject to change and development, both in terms of the 
substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and 
trading of debt securities referencing SONIA, SOFR and/or SARON. 
Each of the Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the FRBNY) and SIX Financial 
Information AG publish certain historical indicative secured overnight financing rates, although such historical 
indicative data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Potential investors in SONIA-
Linked Notes, SOFR-Linked Notes and SARON-Linked Notes should not rely on such historical indicative data 
or on any historical changes or trends in SONIA, SOFR or SARON, as the case may be, as an indicator of the 
future performance of SONIA, SOFR or SARON, respectively. For example, since the initial publication of 
SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable 
benchmark or market rates. Accordingly, SONIA, SOFR and SARON over the term of any SONIA-Linked Notes, 
SOFR-Linked Notes or SARON-Linked Notes, respectively, may bear little or no relation to the historical actual 
or historical indicative data. In addition, the return on and value of SONIA-Linked Notes, SOFR-Linked Notes 
and SARON-Linked Notes may fluctuate more than floating rate debt securities that are linked to less volatile 
rates. 
Prospective investors in any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded 
Daily SOFR or SARON Compounded should further be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to 
each of SONIA, SOFR and SARON as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to 
Sterling LIBOR, U.S. dollar LIBOR and CHF LIBOR, respectively. For example, in the context of backwards-
looking SONIA, SOFR and SARON rates, market participants and relevant working groups continue, as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, to assess the differences between compounded rates and weighted average rates, and 
such groups are also exploring forward-looking term SONIA, SOFR and SARON as a reference rate (which seeks 
to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average SONIA, SOFR or SARON rate over a designated 
term). 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA, SOFR or SARON that 
differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions in the case of Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded 
Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR and SARON Compounded, respectively. Furthermore, the Issuer may 
in the future issue floating rate notes referencing SONIA, SOFR and/or SARON that differ materially in terms of 
the interest determination provisions when compared with the provisions for such determination as set out in 
Conditions 6.2(b)(iii), 6.2(b)(iv) 6.2(b)(v) of the Terms and Conditions as contained in this Base Prospectus. The 
development of Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR and SARON Compounded as reference 
rates, as well as continued development of SONIA, SOFR and SARON based rates and the market infrastructure 
for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market 
price of any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR or SARON 
Compounded. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of each of SONIA, SOFR and SARON as a reference 
rate for debt securities referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR or SARON 
Compounded, respectively, may differ materially when compared with the application and adoption of SONIA, 
SOFR and/or SARON in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully 
consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA, SOFR or SARON as a reference rate across these 
markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
any acquisition, holding or disposal of Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded 
Daily SOFR or SARON Compounded, as the case may be. 
Since SONIA, SOFR and SARON are relatively new market reference rates, Floating Rate Notes 
referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR or SARON Compounded may have no 
established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very 
liquid. Market terms for debt securities referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR or 
SARON Compounded, such as the spread over the reference rate reflected in the interest rate provisions, may 
evolve over time, and trading prices of such debt securities may be lower than those of later issued debt securities 
as a result. Further, if Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR or SARON Compounded do not 
prove to be widely used in securities, the trading price of Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR or SARON Compounded, respectively, may be lower than those of debt 
securities referencing other reference rates that are more widely used. 
Investors in Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR or 
SARON Compounded may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and 
may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. There can also be no guarantee that 
SONIA, SOFR or SARON will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse 
to the interests of investors in such Notes. If the manner in which SONIA, SOFR or SARON is calculated is 
changed, that change may result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on Floating Rate Notes 
referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR or SARON Compounded, respectively, and 
the trading prices of such Notes. 
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
any such Notes. 
Any failure of SONIA, SOFR or SARON to gain market acceptance could adversely affect SONIA-Linked 
Notes, SOFR-Linked Notes and SARON-Linked Notes, respectively 
SONIA, SOFR and SARON may also fail to gain market acceptance. In the case of SOFR, for example, 
it was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts as an alternative to USD 
LIBOR in part because it is considered a good representation of general funding conditions in the overnight U.S. 
Treasury repo market. However, as a rate based on transactions secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not 
measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to correlate with the unsecured short-term funding 
costs of banks. Similar considerations arise in respect of SONIA and SARON. This may mean that market 
participants would not consider SONIA, SOFR or SARON as a suitable substitute or successor for all of the 
purposes for which the respective LIBOR rates historically have been used (including, without limitation, as a 
representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), which may, in turn, lessen market acceptance 
of SONIA, SOFR and SARON.  
The amount of interest payable with respect to each Interest Period will be determined near the end of 
the Interest Period for SONIA-Linked Notes, SOFR-Linked Notes and SARON-Linked Notes 
The Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily 
SOFR and SARON Compounded is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant SONIA 
Observation Period, SOFR Observation Period or SARON Observation Period, respectively (as defined in 
Conditions 6.2(b)(iii), 6.2(b)(iv) and 6.2(b)(v) of the Terms and Conditions) and immediately prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in any such Floating Rate Notes to estimate reliably the 
amount of interest which will be payable on such Floating Rate Notes on each Interest Payment Date, and some 
investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Floating Rate Notes without changes to their technology 
systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such Floating Rate Notes. Further, if 
Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR and SARON 
Compounded become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default, or are redeemed early on a date which 
is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest applicable to such Floating Rate Notes shall only be 
determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Floating Rate 
Notes become due and payable. 
There can be no assurance that SONIA, SOFR or SARON will not be discontinued or fundamentally 
altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes, SOFR-Linked 
Notes or SARON-Linked Notes, respectively

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
SONIA, SOFR and SARON are published by the Bank of England, the FRBNY and SIX Financial 
Information AG, as the respective administrators of SONIA, SOFR and SARON based on data received from 
sources other than the Issuer. The Issuer has no control over the determination, calculation or publication of 
SONIA, SOFR or SARON. The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or SARON may make changes that could change 
the value of SONIA, SOFR or SARON, as the case may be, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or SARON, 
respectively, and has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes, SOFR-Linked 
Notes or SARON-Linked Notes in doing so. Each of the Bank of England, the FRBNY or SIX Financial 
Information AG (or, in each case, a successor), as administrator of SONIA, SOFR and SARON, respectively, may 
make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SONIA, SOFR or SARON, including 
changes related to the method by which SONIA, SOFR or SARON is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to 
the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR or SARON, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR 
and SARON. In addition, the administrator of SONIA, SOFR or SARON may alter, discontinue or suspend 
calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or SARON (in which case a fallback method of determining the 
interest rate on any SONIA-Linked Notes, SOFR-Linked Notes or SARON-Linked Notes, respectrively, will 
apply, as further described in Condition 6.2(b) of the Terms and Conditions. 
There can be no assurance that SONIA, SOFR or SARON will not be discontinued or fundamentally 
altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes, SOFR-Linked 
Notes or SARON-Linked Notes, respectively. If the manner in which SONIA, SOFR or SARON is calculated is 
changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on any respective SONIA-Linked 
Notes, SOFR-Linked Notes or SARON-Linked Notes, which may adversely affect the trading prices of such 
Notes. If the rate at which interest accrues on any SONIA-Linked Notes, SOFR-Linked Notes or SARON-Linked 
Notes for any Interest Period declines to zero or becomes negative, no interest will be payable on such Notes on 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period. The administrator of each of SONIA, SOFR and SARON has 
no obligation to consider the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes, SOFR-Linked Notes or SARON-
Linked Notes, respectively, in calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA, SOFR or 
SARON, as the case may be. In addition, the administrator of each of SONIA, SOFR or SARON may withdraw, 
modify or amend the published SONIA, SOFR or SARON or other SONIA, SOFR or SARON data, respectively, 
in its sole discretion and without notice. 
The interest rate on SONIA-Linked Notes, SOFR-Linked Notes and SARON-Linked Notes will be based 
on Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR and SARON Compounded, respectively, which are 
relatively new in the marketplace and, in the case of SONIA-Linked Notes and SOFR-Linked Notes, may be 
determined by reference to the  SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index, respectively, a relatively new 
market index 
For each Interest Period, the interest rate on SONIA-Linked Notes, SOFR-Linked Notes and SARON-
Linked Notes will be based on Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR and SARON Compounded, 
respectively, not SONIA, SOFR or SARON rate published on or in respect of a particular date during such Interest 
Period or an average of SONIA, SOFR or SARON rates during such Interest Period. In addition, in the case of 
SONIA-Linked Notes and SOFR-Linked Notes, if the applicable Final Terms specify that Index Determination is 
applicable, Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR for each Interest Period, as applicable, will 
be determined by reference to the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index, respectively. Each of the 
SONIA Compounded Index and the SOFR Index measures the cumulative impact of compounding SONIA or 
SOFR, respectively, on a unit of investment over time. The value of the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR 
Index on a particular business day reflects the effect of compounding SONIA or SOFR, respectively, on such 
business day and allows the calculation of compounded SONIA or SOFR averages, as applicable, over custom 
time periods. For this and other reasons, the interest rate on SONIA-Linked Notes, SOFR-Linked Notes or 
SARON-Linked Notes, as the case may be, during any Interest Period will not be the same as the interest rate on 
other SONIA, SOFR or SARON-linked investments that use an alternative basis to determine the applicable 
interest rate. Further, if the SONIA, SOFR or SARON rate in respect of a particular date during the respective 
observation period for an Interest Period in relation to any SONIA-Linked Notes, SOFR-Linked Notes or 
SARON-Linked Notes, respectively, is negative, the portion of the accrued interest compounding factor 
specifically attributable to such date (or, if the applicable Final Terms specify that Index Determination is 
applicable, its contribution to the respective SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index) will be less than one, 
resulting in a reduction in the Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR or SARON Compounded 
rate used to calculate the interest rate on SONIA-Linked Notes, SOFR-Linked Notes or SARON-Linked Notes, 
respectively, during the relevant Interest Period.  
Very limited market precedent exists for securities that use SONIA, SOFR or SARON as the interest rate 
and the method for calculating an interest rate based upon SONIA, SOFR or SARON in those precedents varies.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
In addition, the Bank of England and the FRBNY only began publishing the SONIA Compounded Index and the 
SOFR Index, respectively, very recently. Accordingly, the specific formulas for Compounded Daily SONIA, 
Compounded Daily SOFR and SARON Compounded set forth in the Terms and Conditions and the use of the 
SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Index for purposes of calculating Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively,  may not be widely adopted by other market participants, if at all. If the 
market adopts a different calculation method, that would likely adversely affect the market value of any respective 
SONIA-Linked Notes, SOFR-Linked Notes or SARON-Linked Notes issued under the Programme. 
SONIA-Linked Notes and SOFR-Linked Notes with respect to which Index Determination is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms may bear interest by reference to a rate other than the SONIA 
Compounded Index or SOFR Index as of the date of this Base Prospectus if the manner in which the SONIA 
Compounded Index or the SOFR Index is calculated is changed or the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR 
Index, respectively, discontinued, which could adversely affect the value of such SONIA-Lnked Notes or SOFR-
Linked Notes, as applicable 
If the applicable Final Terms for any SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes specify that Index 
Determination is applicable, Componded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, as applicable for each 
Interest Period will be determined by reference to the SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Index, respectively.  
The SONIA Compounded Index is published by the Bank of England, as administrator of SONIA and 
the SOFR Index is published by the FRBNY, as administrator of SOFR, each based on data received from sources 
other than the Issuer. The Issuer has no control over the determination of the SONIA Compounded Index or the 
SOFR Index, or the calculation or publication of either such index or its availability at any time. There can be no 
guarantee, particularly given their relatively recent introduction, that the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR 
Index will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of 
investors in any SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, as applicable with respect to which the applicable 
Final Terms specify that Index Determination is applicable. If the manner in which the SONIA Compounded 
Index or the SOFR Index is calculated, including the manner in which each of SONIA or SOFR is calculated, is 
changed, that change may result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on any such Notes and the trading 
prices of such Notes. In addition, the Bank of England and/or the FRBNY may withdraw, modify or amend the 
published SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index, respectively or other SONIA or SOFR data, each in its 
sole discretion and without notice. The interest rate for any Interest Period will not be adjusted for any 
modifications or amendments to the SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Index or other SONIA data that the 
Bank of England may publish or other SOFR data that the FRBNY may publish, each after the interest rate for 
that relevant Interest Period has been determined. 
Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(B) in the case of SONIA-Linked Notes and Condition 6.2(b)(iv)(A)(I) in the case 
of SOFR-Linked Notes of the Terms and Conditions, set out the fallback provisions if the SONIA Compounded 
Index or the SOFR Index is unavailable at any time at which its value is required to be determined to calculate 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, as applicable for any Interest Period. In the case of 
Compounded Daily SOFR, the risks described below under “If SOFR is discontinued, SOFR-Linked Notes will 
bear interest by reference to a different base rate, which could adversely affect the value of such Notes, the return 
on such Notes and the price at which an investor can sell such Notes; there is no guarantee that any SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement will be a comparable substitute for SOFR” will apply 
If SOFR is discontinued, SOFR-Linked Notes will bear interest by reference to a different base rate, 
which could adversely affect the value of such Notes, the return on such Notes and the price at which an investor 
can sell such Notes; there is no guarantee that any SOFR Benchmark Replacement will be a comparable substitute 
for SOFR  
If the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent (if any) determine that a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of SOFR, then the 
interest rate on SOFR-Linked Notes will no longer be determined by reference to SOFR, but instead will be 
determined by reference to a different rate, which will be a different benchmark than SOFR (a SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement), plus a spread adjustment (a SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment), as further described 
in Condition 6.2(b)(iv)(B) of the Terms and Conditions. 
If a particular SOFR Benchmark Replacement or SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment cannot be 
determined, then the next-available SOFR Benchmark Replacement or SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment will apply. These replacement rates and adjustments may be selected, recommended or formulated 
by (i) the Relevant Governmental Body (such as the Alternative Reference Rates Committee of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York), (ii) the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or (iii) in certain

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
circumstances, the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent (if any). In addition, if the Issuer or the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent (if any) determine that (A) changes to the definitions of Business Day, 
Compounded Daily SOFR, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, SOFR 
Observation Period, SOFR Reference Rate or U.S. Government Securities Business Day or (B) any other technical 
changes to any other provision described in Condition 6.2(b)(iv) of the Terms and Conditions are necessary in 
order to implement the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, the Terms and Conditions expressly authorise the Issuer 
to amend such definitions and other provisions without the consent or approval of the holders of the applicable 
SOFR-Linked Notes. The determination of a SOFR Benchmark Replacement, the calculation of the interest rate 
on the SOFR-Linked Notes by reference to a SOFR Benchmark Replacement (including the application of a SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment), any amendments to the provisions described in the Terms and Conditions 
determined by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may be, to be necessary in 
order to implement the SOFR Benchmark Replacement and any other determinations, decisions or elections that 
may be made under the Terms and Conditions in connection with a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event could 
adversely affect the value of the relevant SOFR-Linked Notes, the return on such Notes and the price at which 
investors can sell such Notes. 
Any determination, decision or election described above will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer 
or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent (if any). Any exercise of such discretion by the Issuer may present 
the Issuer with a conflict of interest. In addition, if an affiliate of the Issuer is appointed as the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent, any exercise of such discretion may present the Issuer or such affiliate with a conflict of 
interest. 
In addition, (i) the composition and characteristics of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement will not be the 
same as those of SOFR, the SOFR Benchmark Replacement will not be the economic equivalent of SOFR, there 
can be no assurance that the SOFR Benchmark Replacement will perform in the same way as SOFR would have 
at any time and there is no guarantee that the SOFR Benchmark Replacement will be a comparable substitute for 
SOFR (each of which means that a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event could adversely affect the value of the 
relevant SOFR-Linked Notes, the return on such Notes and the price at which investors can sell such Notes), (ii) 
any failure of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement to gain market acceptance could adversely affect such Notes, 
(iii) the SOFR Benchmark Replacement may have a very limited history and the future performance of the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement cannot be predicted based on historical performance, (iv) the secondary trading market 
for notes linked to the SOFR Benchmark Replacement may be limited and (v) the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement may make changes that could change the value of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
and has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of SOFR-Linked Notes in doing so. 
If SARON is discontinued, is no longer representative or may no longer be used, this may adversely affect the 
value of and return on SARON-Linked Notes 
The Rate of Interest applicable to each Interest Period for SARON-Linked Notes will be determined on 
the basis of SARON Compounded and SARON Compounded for each Interest Period will be based on the daily 
rate for SARON during the related SARON Observation Period, as more particularly described in the definition 
of “SARON Compounded” set out in Condition 6.2(b)(v)(B) of the Terms and Conditions. However, to the extent 
SARON is discontinued, is no longer representative or may no longer be used, for purposes of determining 
SARON Compounded, the Calculation Agent for such SARON-Linked Notes will be required to use the 
alternative methods described in clauses (2) and (3) of the definition of “SARON” set out in 
Condition 6.2(b)(v)(B) of the Terms and Conditions, which include using a replacement rate recommended by a 
Recommending Body, using the SNB Policy Rate or, if the Replacement Rate Agent has determined a replacement 
rate pursuant to Condition 6.2(b)(v)(E) of the Terms and Conditions, using such replacement rate. 
These provisions may result in the use of a reference rate that is not the same as the rate for SARON for 
the calculation of the interest rate on the relevant SARON-Linked Notes for the remainder of the term of such 
Notes and such rate may have different characteristics from the rate for SARON as at the Issue Date. Furthermore, 
any exercise by the Replacement Rate Agent of the discretion described in Condition 6.2(b)(v) of the Terms and 
Conditions could adversely affect the market price for the relevant SARON-Linked Notes. In addition, if the 
Replacement Rate Agent is an affiliate of the Issuer, any exercise of such discretion may present the Issuer or 
such affiliate with a conflict of interest. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
The specified use of proceeds of Notes issued as “green”, “social”, “environmental” or “sustainable” bonds 
may not meet investor expectations or objectives or be suitable for an investor’s investment criteria or guidelines 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s 
intention to allocate (or cause one or more of its affiliates to allocate) the proceeds from such Notes to the financing 
and/or refinancing of certain businesses and projects in accordance with any Issuer framework relating to “green”, 
“social”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or equivalently-labelled projects or assets (for the purposes of this risk 
factor, including inter alia the Issuer’s “sustainable activities framework”, as may be amended from time to time. 
The Issuer will exercise its judgment and sole discretion in determining the businesses and projects that will be 
financed by the proceeds of any such Notes. If the use of the proceeds of the Notes is a factor in an investor’s 
decision to invest in any such Notes, such investor should consider the discussion in “Reasons for the offer” in 
the relevant Final Terms and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information before making an 
investment in the Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. There can be no 
assurance that any of the businesses and projects funded with the proceeds from the Notes will meet the Issuer’s 
sustainable development goals or sustainable finance framework, as the case may be, any requirements as regards 
any investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments is or are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rule or 
investment portfolio mandates, or any investor’s expectations or objectives. Furthermore, the Issuer has no 
contractual obligation to allocate the proceeds of any such Notes to finance particular businesses and projects or 
to provide annual reports as may be described in “Reasons for the offer” in the relevant Final Terms. Failure by 
the Issuer to so allocate or report, or the failure of the external assurance provider named in the relevant Final 
Terms (if any) or any other external assurance provider to opine on the report’s conformity with the Issuer’s 
sustainable development goals or sustainable finance framework, as the case may be, will not constitute an Event 
of Default with respect to the Notes. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion of any external party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) that may be made available in connection 
with the issue of any such Notes or the extent to which any businesses and projects that will be financed by the 
proceeds of the Notes may fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. Any such opinion 
is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and does not form part of this Base Prospectus and is not a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion is only 
current as of the date that opinion was issued and the criteria and considerations that underlie such opinion may 
change at any time. 
There is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, or market consensus as to what 
constitutes, a “green”, “social”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled project or asset or as 
to what precise attributes are required for a particular project or asset to be defined as “green”, “social”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable”  or such other equivalent label, and no assurance can be given that such a clear 
definition or consensus will develop over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not significantly 
change. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on, or included in, any dedicated “green”, 
“social” “environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange, securities 
market, index or list (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other 
person that such listing, admission or inclusion satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply. Furthermore, the criteria for any such listing, admission or inclusion may 
vary from one stock exchange, securities market, index or list to another. No representation or assurance is given 
by the Issuer or any other person that any such listing, admission or inclusion will be obtained in respect of any 
such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing, admission or inclusion will be maintained during the life of such 
Notes. Loss of listing, admission or inclusion on any such stock exchange, securities market, index or list may 
affect the value of such Notes. 
Any of the above factors (and any events that negatively affect the value of any other securities of the 
Issuer that are intended to finance “green”, “social”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or equivalently-labelled 
projects or assets) could have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes, and/or have adverse 
consequences for certain investors in such Notes with portfolio mandates to make investments that meet particular 
“green”, “social”, “environmental”, “sustainable” and/or any other similar standards.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
Risks relating to Notes denominated in Renminbi 
Notes may be issued denominated in Renminbi (Renminbi Notes). An investment in Renminbi Notes 
involves particular risks, including: 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible, there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi 
into and out of the PRC and the liquidity of investments in Renminbi Notes is subject to such restrictions 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The government of 
the PRC (the PRC Government) continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies 
despite significant reduction in the control by the PRC Government in recent years, particularly over trade 
transactions involving the import and export of goods and services and other frequent routine foreign exchange 
transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. 
Although Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket of currencies, in addition to the 
U.S. dollar, euro, Yen and Sterling, created by the International Monetary Fund as an international reserve asset 
in 2016 and policies for further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in foreign 
currencies were issued, there is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to liberalise its control over 
cross-border Renminbi remittances in the future, that schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will not be 
discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future that have the effect of 
restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC. In the event that funds cannot be 
repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and 
the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under Renminbi Notes. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes 
and the Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such Renminbi Notes 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, 
the availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. 
While the People’s Bank of China (the PBoC) has entered into agreements on the clearing of Renminbi 
business (the Settlement Agreements) with financial institutions in a number of financial centres and cities (the 
RMB Clearing Banks) including, but not limited to, Hong Kong, and is in the process of establishing Renminbi 
clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other jurisdictions, the current size of Renminbi denominated 
financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-
border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBoC. The relevant 
RMB Clearing Banks only have limited access to onshore liquidity support from the PBoC for the purpose of 
settling open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions and are not obliged to settle for 
participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. 
In each case the participating banks will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC to settle such open 
positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There is no 
assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Agreements will not be terminated 
or amended in the future so as to have the effect of restricting the availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The 
limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the Renminbi Notes. To the extent 
that the Issuer is required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service the Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance 
that the Issuer will be able to source Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
Although the Issuer’s primary obligation is to make all payments with respect to Renminbi Notes in 
Renminbi, where a Renminbi Currency Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
the event that the Issuer determines, while acting in good faith that one of RMB Inconvertibility, RMB Non-
Transferability or RMB Illiquidity (each as defined in Condition 7.9 of the Terms and Conditions) has occurred, 
as a result of which, the Issuer is unable to make any payment in respect of the Renminbi Note in Renminbi, the 
terms of such Renminbi Notes will permit the Issuer to make payment in U.S. dollars (or such other currency as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) converted using the Spot Rate for the relevant Determination 
Date, all as provided in Condition 7.9 of the Terms and Conditions. The value of these Renminbi payments in 
U.S. dollar terms may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the market.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
An investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to 
time and is affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many other 
factors. On 11th December 2015, the China Foreign Exchange Trade System (the CFETS), a sub-institutional 
organisation of the PBoC, published the CFETS Renminbi exchange rate index for the first time, which weighs 
the Renminbi based upon 13 currencies, to guide the market in order to measure the Renminbi exchange rate. 
Such change and others that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against 
other currencies. All payments of interest and principal with respect to Renminbi Notes will be made in Renminbi 
unless a RMB Currency Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and a RMB Currency 
Event occurs, in which case payment will be made in U.S. dollars converted at the spot rate. As a result, the value 
of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollar or other foreign currency terms may vary with the prevailing exchange 
rates in the marketplace. If the value of the Renminbi depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other foreign 
currencies, then the value of any investment in Renminbi Notes in terms of the U.S. dollar or other applicable 
foreign currency will decline. 
An investment in fixed rate Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets outside 
the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of foreign exchange 
controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions. If a Renminbi Note carries a fixed 
interest rate, then the trading price of such Renminbi Notes will subsequently vary with fluctuations in Renminbi 
interest rates. If an investor in Renminbi Notes tries to sell such Renminbi Notes, then they may receive an offer 
that is less than the amount invested. 
Payments in respect of Renminbi Notes will be made to investors in the manner specified in the Terms and 
Conditions 
Investors might be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing 
and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong or such other RMB Settlement Centre(s) as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. All Renminbi payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Notes 
will be made solely: (a) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are represented by Global Notes held with the common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a 
Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong or any such other RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance 
with prevailing Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and procedures or the rules and procedures of 
such alternative clearing system, or (b) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a 
Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong or such other RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with 
prevailing rules and regulations. Other than as described in Condition 7.9 of the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer 
cannot be required to make payment by any other means (including in any other currency or by transfer to a bank 
account in the PRC). 
There might be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in the Renminbi Notes 
In considering whether to invest in Renminbi Notes, investors should consult their individual tax advisers 
with regard to the application of PRC tax laws, to their particular situations as well as any tax consequences arising 
under the laws of any other tax jurisdictions. The value of the Noteholder’s investment in Renminbi Notes might 
be materially and adversely affected if the Noteholder is required to pay PRC tax with respect to acquiring, holding 
or disposing of and receiving payments under those Renminbi Notes. 
Singapore taxation risk 
The Notes to be issued from time to time under the Programme by the Issuer, during the period from the 
date of this Base Prospectus to 31 December 2023, may be, pursuant to the Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of 
Singapore (ITA), “qualifying debt securities” for the purposes of the ITA, subject to the fulfilment of certain 
conditions more particularly described in “Taxation – Singapore”. However, there is no assurance that such Notes 
will continue to enjoy the tax exemptions and/or concessions in connection therewith should the relevant tax laws 
be amended or revoked at any time.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
10. 
Market risks related to the Notes 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for 
the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, 
are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
The market value of the Notes may be influenced by unpredictable factors 
Many factors, most of which are beyond the Issuer’s control, will influence the value of the Notes and the price, 
if any, at which securities dealers may be willing to purchase or sell the Notes in the secondary market, including: 
(i) 
the creditworthiness of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
supply and demand for the Notes, including inventory positions with any securities dealer; and 
(iii) 
economic, financial, political or regulatory events or judicial decisions that affect the Issuer or 
the financial markets generally. 
Accordingly, if a Noteholder sells its Notes in the secondary markets, it may not be able to obtain a price 
equal to the principal amount of the Notes or to the price that it paid for the Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency 
may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market 
value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. Such general restriction will also apply in 
the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings 
are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not 
been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays 
between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the 
updated ESMA list.   
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country 
non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit 
rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or 
endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional 
relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the 
relevant conditions are satisfied.   
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact 
the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to the credit 
rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference statements that constitute forward-looking 
statements. In addition, in the future the Issuer, and others on its behalf, may make statements that constitute forward-
looking statements. Such forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements relating to the 
following: 
 
the Group’s plans, targets or goals; 
 
the Group’s future economic performance or prospects; 
 
the potential effect on the Group’s future performance of certain contingencies; and 
 
assumptions underlying any such statements. 
Words such as “believes”, “anticipates”, “expects”, “intends” and “plans” and similar expressions are intended 
to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. The Issuer does 
not intend to update these forward-looking statements. 
By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, both general and 
specific, and risks exist that predictions, forecasts, projections and other outcomes described or implied in forward-
looking statements will not be achieved. The Issuer cautions potential investors that a number of important factors could 
cause results to differ materially from the plans, targets, goals, expectations, estimates and intentions expressed in such 
forward-looking statements and that the COVID-19 pandemic creates significantly greater uncertainty about forward-
looking statements in addition to the factors that generally affect the Group’s business. These factors include: 
 
the ability to maintain sufficient liquidity and access capital markets; 
 
market volatility and interest rate fluctuations and developments affecting interest rate levels, including 
the persistence of a low or negative interest rate environment; 
 
the strength of the global economy in general and the strength of the economies of the countries in 
which the Group conducts its operations, in particular the risk of negative impacts of COVID-19 on the 
global economy and financial markets and the risk of continued slow economic recovery or downturn 
in the EU, the U.S. or other developed countries or in emerging markets in 2021 and beyond; 
 
the emergence of widespread health emergencies, infectious diseases or pandemics, such as COVID-
19, and the actions that may be taken by governmental authorities to contain the outbreak or to counter 
its impact; 
 
potential risks and uncertainties relating to the severity of impacts from COVID-19 and the duration of 
the pandemic, including potential material adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations; 
 
the direct and indirect impacts of deterioration or slow recovery in residential and commercial real 
estate markets; 
 
adverse rating actions by credit rating agencies in respect of the Group, sovereign issuers, structured 
credit products or other credit-related exposures; 
 
the ability to achieve the Group’s strategic goals, including those related to its targets, ambitions and 
financial goals; 
 
the ability of counterparties to meet their obligations to the Group and the adequacy of the Group’s 
allowance for credit losses; 
 
the effects of, and changes in, fiscal, monetary, exchange rate, trade and tax policies; 
 
the effects of currency fluctuations, including the related impact on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations due to moves in foreign exchange rates; 
 
political, social and environmental developments, including war, civil unrest or terrorist activity and 
climate change;

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
 
the ability to appropriately address social, environmental and sustainability concerns that may arise 
from the Group’s business activities; 
 
the effects of, and the uncertainty arising from, the UK’s withdrawal from the EU; 
 
the possibility of foreign exchange controls, expropriation, nationalisation or confiscation of assets in 
countries in which the Group conducts its operations; 
 
operational factors such as systems failure, human error, or the failure to implement procedures 
properly; 
 
the risk of cyber attacks, information or security breaches or technology failures on the Group’s 
reputation, business or operations, the risk of which is increased while large portions of the Group’s 
employees work remotely; 
 
the adverse resolution of litigation, regulatory proceedings and other contingencies; 
 
actions taken by regulators with respect to the Group’s business and practices and possible resulting 
changes to its business organisation, practices and policies in countries in which it conducts its 
operations; 
 
the effects of changes in laws, regulations or accounting or tax standards, policies or practices in 
countries in which the Group conducts its operations; 
 
the expected discontinuation of LIBOR and other IBORs and the transition to alternative reference 
rates; 
 
the potential effects of changes in the Group’s legal entity structure; 
 
competition or changes in the Group’s competitive position in geographic and business areas in which 
it conducts its operations; 
 
the ability to retain and recruit qualified personnel; 
 
the ability to maintain the Group’s reputation and promote the Group’s brand; 
 
the ability to increase market share and control expenses; 
 
technological changes instituted by the Group, its counterparties or its competitors; 
 
the timely development and acceptance of the Group’s new products and services and the perceived 
overall value of these products and services by users; 
 
acquisitions, including the ability to integrate acquired businesses successfully, and divestitures, 
including the ability to sell non-core assets; and 
 
other unforeseen or unexpected events and the Group’s success at managing these and the risks involved 
in the foregoing. 
The foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive. When evaluating forward-looking statements, investors 
should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and events, as well as the risk factors and other 
information set forth in the documents incorporated into or in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. 
The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any 
Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any 
such distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically indicated in the applicable Final Terms, no action 
has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or 
distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or 
other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including, for these purposes, the 
UK, Luxembourg, Italy and Belgium), Australia, Singapore, Canada, Japan and Switzerland, see “Subscription 
and Sale”. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor 
may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether 
it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the currency in which such potential investor’s financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes; 
(v) 
understands thoroughly that certain events do not constitute events of default under the Notes; 
and 
(vi) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(1) 
The Form 20-F of CSG and CS filed with the SEC on 18th March 2021 (the Form 20-F dated 18th March 
2021), which contains the CSG and CS Annual Report 2020  (the Annual Report 2020) (available at 
https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/corporate/docs/about-us/investor-relations/financial-
disclosures/sec-filings/form-20f-2020.pdf) (which contains, among other things, (i) the audited consolidated 
balance sheets of CS as of 31st December 2020 and 2019, and the related audited consolidated statements of 
operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year 
period ended 31st December 2020, and the related notes (the Audited 2020 Consolidated Financial 
Statements) and the auditors’ reports in respect thereof), and (ii) the audited balance sheet, statement of income, 
statement of changes in equity and notes of CS for the year ended 31st December 2020 (the Audited 2020 
Parent Financial Statements)  identified in the following cross-reference list is incorporated by reference in, 
and forms part of, this Base Prospectus (any information not listed on the cross-reference list but included in the 
Annual Report 2020 is not incorporated by reference and is either not relevant for the investor or covered in 
another part of this Base Prospectus): 
 
The 
page 
numbers 
below refer to the 
pages of the PDF file 
of the Form 20-F 
dated 
18th 
March 
2021  
 
 
Definitions ................................................................................................................ 
Sources ..................................................................................................................... 
Cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information .................................... 
Explanatory note ....................................................................................................... 
Part I......................................................................................................................... 
Part II ....................................................................................................................... 
Part III ...................................................................................................................... 
Signatures ................................................................................................................. 
 
 
page 6 
page 6 
page 6 
page 6 
pages 7 – 11 
pages 12 – 13 
page 13 
page 15 
 
 
The 
page 
numbers 
below refer to the 
pages of the PDF file 
of the Annual Report 
2020 exhibited to the 
Form 20-F dated 18th 
March 2021 
 
 
Cover page ............................................................................................................... 
page 17 
Key metrics .............................................................................................................. 
page 18 
Title page.................................................................................................................. 
page 19 
Table of contents....................................................................................................... 
page 21 
I. 
Information on the company ........................................................................ 
pages 29 – 62 
 
Credit Suisse at a glance .........................................................................  
page 30 
 
Strategy except for the sentences “We also aim to grow our Wealth  
Management-related income before taxes to between CHF 5.0-5.5 billion  
in 2023.” on page 31 of the PDF file and “Aim to increase Wealth  
Management-related income before taxes to between CHF 5.0-5.5 billion  
in 2023” on page 32 of the PDF file.........................................................  
pages 31 – 36 
 
Divisions  ...............................................................................................  
pages 37 – 43 
 
Regulation and supervision .....................................................................  
pages 44 – 62 
II. 
Operating and financial review .................................................................... 
pages 77 – 130 
 
Operating environment ...........................................................................  
pages 78 – 80 
 
Credit Suisse ...........................................................................................  
pages 81 – 93 
 
Swiss Universal Bank .............................................................................  
pages 94 – 100 
 
International Wealth Management ...........................................................  
pages 101 – 108

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
 
Asia Pacific ............................................................................................  
pages 109 – 112 
 
Investment Bank .....................................................................................  
pages 113 – 116 
 
Corporate Center.....................................................................................  
pages 117 – 120 
 
Assets under management .......................................................................  
pages 121 – 123 
 
Critical accounting estimates ...................................................................  
pages 124 – 130 
III. 
Treasury, Risk, Balance sheet and Off-balance sheet .................................... 
page 131 – 200 
 
Liquidity and funding management .........................................................  
pages 132 – 139 
 
Capital management ...............................................................................  
pages 140 – 156 
 
Risk management ...................................................................................  
pages 157 – 196 
 
Balance sheet and off-balance sheet.........................................................  
pages 197 – 200 
IV. 
Corporate Governance ................................................................................. 
pages 201 – 250 
 
Overview ................................................................................................  
pages 202 – 208 
 
Shareholders ...........................................................................................  
pages 208 – 213 
 
Board of Directors ..................................................................................  
pages 214 – 238 
 
Executive Board .....................................................................................  
pages 239 – 246 
 
Additional information ............................................................................  
pages 247 – 249 
V. 
Compensation ........................................................................................  
page 251; and  
pages 256 – 286 
 
Executive Board compensation................................................................  
pages 256 – 263 
 
Group compensation ...............................................................................  
pages 264 – 272 
 
Board of Directors compensation.............................................................  
pages 273 – 277 
 
Compensation design ..............................................................................  
pages 278 – 282 
 
Compensation governance .......................................................................  
pages 283 – 284 
 
Report of the Statutory Auditor ...............................................................  
pages 285 – 286  
VI. 
Consolidated financial statements—Credit Suisse Group ..........................  
pages 287 – 448 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (table of contents) 
page 288 
 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting  
Firm – PricewaterhouseCoopers AG*,** .................................................  
 
pages 289 – 292 
 
Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting  
Firm – KPMG AG* ................................................................................  
 
page 293 
 
Consolidated financial statements, including ...........................................  
pages 295 – 448 
 
Consolidated statements of operations .....................................................  
page 295 
 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income ..................................  
page 295 
 
Consolidated balance sheets ....................................................................  
pages 296 – 297 
 
Consolidated statements of changes in equity ..........................................  
pages 298 – 299 
 
Consolidated statements of cash flows .....................................................  
pages 300 – 301 
 
Supplemental cash flow information........................................................  
page 301 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements: ........................................  
pages 302 – 447 
 
Controls and procedures ..........................................................................  
page 448 
VII. 
Parent company financial statements—Credit Suisse Group ......................... 
page 449 – 466 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (table of contents)  ............  
page 450 
 
Parent company financial statements; including .......................................  
page 453 – 466 
 
Statements of income ..............................................................................  
page 453 
 
Balance sheets ........................................................................................  
page 453 
 
Notes to the financial statements .............................................................  
pages 454 – 465 
 
Proposed appropriation of retained earnings and capital distribution ........  
page 466 
VIII. 
Consolidated financial statements—Credit Suisse (Bank) ............................ 
pages 467 – 545 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (table of contents)  
468 
 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting  
Firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AG*,** ....................................................  
 
page 469 – 472  
 
Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting  
Firm – KPMG AG* ................................................................................  
 
page 473 
 
Consolidated financial statements, including ...........................................  
pages 475 – 545 
 
Consolidated statements of operations .....................................................  
pages 475 
 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income ..................................  
page 475 
 
Consolidated balance sheets ....................................................................  
pages 476 – 477 
 
Consolidated statements of changes in equity ..........................................  
pages 478 – 479 
 
Consolidated statements of cash flows .....................................................  
pages 480 – 481 
 
Supplemental cash flow information........................................................  
page 481 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements .........................................  
pages 482 – 545  
 
Controls and procedures ..........................................................................  
page 546

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
IX. 
Parent company financial statements—Credit Suisse (Bank) ........................ 
pages 547 – 584 
 
Notes to the financial statements (table of contents) .................................  
page 548 
 
Parent company financial statements, including .......................................  
pages 525 – 527 
 
Statements of income ..............................................................................  
page 551 
 
Balance sheets ........................................................................................  
page 552 
 
Off-balance sheet transactions .................................................................  
page 553 
 
Statement of changes in equity ................................................................  
page 553 
 
Notes to the financial statements .............................................................  
pages 554 – 583 
 
Proposed appropriation of retained earnings and capital distribution ........  
page 584 
X. 
Additional information ................................................................................ 
pages 585 - 602  
 
Statistical information .............................................................................  
pages 586 – 597  
 
Other information ...................................................................................  
pages 598 – 602 
Appendix ....................................................................................................  
page 603 – 605 
 
Selected five-year information ................................................................  
pages 604 – 605 
 
Cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information ...................  
page 615 
* 
Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm relating to consolidated financial statements 
** 
Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm relating to internal control over financial reporting. 
 
(2) 
The Form 6-K of CSG and CS filed with the SEC on 6th April 2021 (the Form 6-K dated 6th April 2021) 
(available at https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/about-us/docs/investor-relations/financial-regulatory-
disclosures/regulatory-disclosures/company-registration-documents/form-6-k-dated-6-april-2021.pdf). 
All of the information in the Form 6-K dated 6th April 2021 identified in the following cross-reference list is 
incorporated by reference in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus (any information not listed on the cross-
reference list but included in the Form 6-K dated 6th April 2021 is not incorporated by reference and is either 
not relevant for the investor or covered in another part of this Base Prospectus); 
 
 
The page numbers 
below refer to the 
pages of the PDF file 
of the Form 6-K 
dated 6th April 2021 
Whole document except Exhibit 99.3 “Media Release dated April 6,  
2021 regarding trading update” ................................................................... 
pages 1 – 16 
(3) 
The Form 6-K of CSG and CS filed with the SEC on 22nd April 2021, including the Credit Suisse Earnings 
Release 1Q21 (the Earnings Release 1Q21) exhibited thereto (which contains the unaudited condensed 
consolidated balance sheets of CS as of 31st March 2021, and the related unaudited condensed consolidated 
statements of operations, comprehensive income and changes in equity for the three-month periods ended 31st 
March 2021 and 31st March 2020) (the Form 6-K dated 22nd April 2021) (available at https://www.credit-
suisse.com/media/assets/corporate/docs/about-us/investor-relations/financial-disclosures/sec-filings/2021-q1-
6k-group-bank-2204.pdf). 
All of the information in the Form 6-K dated 22nd April 2021 and the Earnings Release 1Q21 exhibited thereto 
identified in the following cross-reference lists is incorporated by reference in, and forms part of, this Base 
Prospectus (any information not listed on the cross-reference list but included in either the Form 6-K dated 22nd 
April 2021 or the Earnings Release 1Q21 is not incorporated by reference and is either not relevant for the 
investor or covered in another part of this Base Prospectus); 
 
 
The page numbers below refer 
to the pages of the PDF file of 
the Form 6-K dated 22nd April 
2021 
Cover page .......................................................................................  
page 1 
Explanatory note ..............................................................................  
page 2 
Forward-looking statements ..............................................................  
page 2 
Group and Bank differences..............................................................  
pages 3 – 4  
Selected financial data – Bank ..........................................................  
pages 4 – 5 
Exhibit  ...........................................................................................  
page 6 
Signatures ........................................................................................  
page 7

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
 
The page numbers below refer 
to the pages of the PDF file of 
the Form 6-K dated 22nd April 
2021 
 
 
Cover page .......................................................................................  
page 8 
Key metrics ......................................................................................  
page 9 
Credit Suisse ....................................................................................  
pages 10 – 18 
Swiss Universal Bank .......................................................................  
pages 19  –24 
International Wealth Management ....................................................  
pages 25 –31 
Asia Pacific ......................................................................................  
pages 32 – 35 
Investment Bank ...............................................................................  
pages 36 – 38 
Corporate Center ..............................................................................  
pages 39 –41 
Assets under management .................................................................  
page 42 
Additional financial metrics ..............................................................  
page 43 
Important information .......................................................................  
page 44 
Appendix .........................................................................................  
pages 45 – 54 
(4) 
The Form 6-K of CSG and CS filed with the SEC on 30th April 2021 (the Form 6-K dated 30th April 2021) 
(available at https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/about-us/docs/investor-relations/financial-regulatory-
disclosures/regulatory-disclosures/company-registration-documents/form-6-k-dated-30-april-2021.pdf). 
All of the information in the Form 6-K dated 30th April 2021 identified in the following cross-reference list is 
incorporated by reference in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus (any information not listed on the cross-
reference list but included in the Form 6-K dated 30th April 2021 is not incorporated by reference and is either 
not relevant for the investor or covered in another part of this Base Prospectus);  
 
 
The page numbers below refer to 
the pages of the PDF file of the 
Form 6-K dated 30th April 2021 
Changes to the Board of Directors of Credit Suisse Group .................. 
page 3 
(5) 
The Second Form 6-K of CSG and CS filed with the SEC on 30th April 2021 (the Second Form 6-K dated 
30th 
April 
2021) 
(available 
at 
https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/about-us/docs/investor-
relations/financial-regulatory-disclosures/regulatory-disclosures/company-registration-documents/second-
form-6-k-dated-30-april-2021.pdf). 
All of the information in the Second Form 6-K dated 30th April 2021 identified in the following cross-reference 
list is incorporated by reference in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus (any information not listed on the 
cross-reference list but included in the Second Form 6-K dated 30th April 2021 is not incorporated by reference 
and is either not relevant for the investor or covered in another part of this Base Prospectus);  
 
 
The page numbers below refer 
to the pages of the PDF file of 
the Second Form 6-K dated 
30th April 2021 
 
Shareholders approve all proposals put forward at the Annual  
General Meeting of Credit Suisse Group AG and elect António  
Horta-Osório as new Chairman of the Board of Directors (except  
for the sentence “All of the voting results, together with the speeches  
of Urs Rohner, outgoing Chairman of the Board of Directors,  
António Horta-Osório, newly elected Chairman of the Board of  
Directors and Thomas Gottstein, Chief Executive Officer, are  
available online at: www.credit-suisse.com/agm”).............................  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
page 3 
Election of the members of the Board of Directors and the Compensation 
Committee........................................................................................  
 
page 4 
Approval of the compensation of the Board of Directors and the Executive 
Board and consultative vote on the 2020 Compensation Report .........  
 
page 5 
Appropriation of retained earnings and ordinary distribution of dividends 
payable out of retained earnings and capital contribution reserves .....  
 
page 5

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
 
The page numbers below refer 
to the pages of the PDF file of 
the Second Form 6-K dated 
30th April 2021 
Other elections .................................................................................  
page 6 
Further information (except the information under the  
heading “Biographies of the new Chairman and the new  
members of the Board of Directors”).................................................  
 
 
pages 6 – 9 
Signatures ........................................................................................  
page 10 
 
(6) 
The Form 6-K of CSG and CS filed with the SEC on 6th May 2021, including the Credit Suisse Financial Report 
1Q21 (the Financial Report 1Q21) exhibited thereto (the Form 6-K dated 6th May 2021) (available at 
https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/corporate/docs/about-us/investor-relations/financial-
disclosures/sec-filings/2021-q1-6k-group-bank-0605.pdf). 
All of the information in the Form 6-K dated 6th May 2021 and the Financial Report 1Q21 exhibited thereto 
identified in the following cross-reference lists are incorporated by reference in, and forms part of, this Base 
Prospectus (any information not listed on the cross-reference list but included in either the Form 6-K dated 6th 
May 2021 or the Financial Report 1Q21 is not incorporated by reference and is either not relevant for the investor 
or covered in another part of this Base Prospectus): 
 
 
The page numbers below 
refer to the pages of the PDF 
file of the Form 6-K dated 
6th May 2021 
 
Cover page ................................................................................................. 
page 1 
 
Explanatory note......................................................................................... 
page 2 
 
Forward-looking statements ........................................................................ 
page 2 
 
Exhibits  ..................................................................................................... 
page 3 
 
Signatures................................................................................................... 
page 4 
 
 
 
 
The page numbers below 
refer to the pages of the PDF 
file of the Financial Report 
1Q21 exhibited to the Form 
6-K dated 6th May 2021 
 
Cover page ................................................................................................. 
page 6 
 
Key metrics ................................................................................................ 
page 7 
 
Table of Contents ....................................................................................... 
page 8 
 
Credit Suisse at a glance .............................................................................  
page 9 
I. 
Credit Suisse results ....................................................................................... 
(this is a section heading) 
 
Operating environment ...............................................................................  
pages 11 – 12 
 
Credit Suisse ..............................................................................................  
pages 13 – 23 
 
Swiss Universal Bank .................................................................................  
pages 24 – 29 
 
International Wealth Management ............................................................... 
pages 30 – 36 
 
Asia Pacific ................................................................................................ 
pages 37 – 40 
 
Investment Bank ......................................................................................... 
pages 41 – 43 
 
Corporate Center ........................................................................................ 
pages 44 – 46 
 
Assets under management ........................................................................... 
pages 47 – 49 
II. 
Treasury, risk, balance sheet and off-balance sheet ......................................... 
(this is a section heading) 
 
Liquidity and funding management ............................................................. 
pages 51 – 55 
 
Capital management ................................................................................... 
pages 56 – 64 
 
Risk management ....................................................................................... 
pages 65 – 72 
 
Balance sheet and off-balance sheet ............................................................ 
pages 73 – 74 
III. 
Condensed consolidated financial statements – unaudited ............................... 
(this is a section heading) 
 
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements– unaudited (table 
of contents)  ................................................................................................ 
 
page 77 
 
Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm .................... 
page 78 
 
Condensed consolidated financial statements – unaudited ............................ 
pages 80  – 150 
 
Consolidated statements of operations (unaudited) ...................................... 
page 80

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income (unaudited) ................... 
page 80 
 
Consolidated balance sheets (unaudited) ..................................................... 
pages 81 – 82 
 
Consolidated statements of changes in equity (unaudited) ............................ 
pages 83 – 84 
 
Consolidated statements of cash flows (unaudited) ...................................... 
pages 85 – 86 
 
Supplemental cash flow information (unaudited) ......................................... 
page 86 
 
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements – unaudited ......... 
pages 87 – 150 
 
List of abbreviations ................................................................................... 
page 151 
 
Cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information ...................... 
page 154 
(7) 
The articles of association of CS (in an English translation of the original German language version) are 
incorporated 
by 
reference 
herein 
and 
are 
available 
on 
the 
website 
at 
https://www.credit-
suisse.com/media/assets/about-us/docs/our-company/our-governance/cs-articles-of-association-en.pdf. 
(8) 
The terms and conditions of the notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 
25th February 2015, pages 91 to 121 (inclusive) (available at https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/about-
us/docs/investor-relations/emtn/2-base-prospectus-25022015.pdf). 
(9) 
The terms and conditions of the notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 
13th May 2015, pages 104 to 135 (inclusive) (available at https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/about-
us/docs/investor-relations/emtn/2-base-prospectus-13052015.pdf). 
(10) 
The terms and conditions of the notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 
13th May 2016, pages 107 to 138 (inclusive) (available at https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/about-
us/docs/investor-relations/emtn/2-base-prospectus-13052016.pdf). 
(11) 
The terms and conditions of the notes issued by Credit Suisse AG contained in the previous Base Prospectus 
relating to the Programme dated 2nd August 2016, pages 98 to 124 (inclusive) (available at https://www.credit-
suisse.com/media/assets/about-us/docs/investor-relations/emtn/2-base-prospectus-02082016.pdf). 
(12) 
The terms and conditions of the notes issued by Credit Suisse AG contained in the previous Base Prospectus 
relating to the Programme dated 24th May 2017, pages 103 to 129 (inclusive) (available at https://www.credit-
suisse.com/media/assets/about-us/docs/investor-relations/emtn/2-base-prospectus-24052017.pdf). 
(13) 
The terms and conditions of the notes issued by Credit Suisse AG contained in the previous Base Prospectus 
relating to the Programme dated 24th May 2018, pages 114 to 140 (inclusive) (available at https://www.credit-
suisse.com/media/assets/about-us/docs/investor-relations/emtn/emtn_base_prospectus-2018-update.pdf). 
(14) 
The terms and conditions of the notes issued by Credit Suisse AG contained in the previous Base Prospectus 
relating to the Programme dated 24th May 2019, pages 118 to 148 (inclusive) (available at https://www.credit-
suisse.com/media/assets/about-us/docs/investor-relations/emtn/2-base-prospectus-24052019.pdf).The 
terms 
and conditions of the notes issued by Credit Suisse AG contained in the previous Base Prospectus relating to the 
Programme dated 22nd May 2020, pages 70 to 106 (inclusive) (available at https://www.credit-
suisse.com/media/assets/about-us/docs/investor-relations/emtn/2-base-prospectus-22052020.pdf). 
Any parts of documents not listed in the cross-reference list but included in each previous Base Prospectus listed 
in paragraphs (8) – (15) above is not incorporated by reference and is either not relevant for the investor or covered in 
another part of this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by 
the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or 
contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a 
document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of 
Notes.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, registered 
form, without interest coupons attached, or uncertificated form. Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance 
on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S). Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions 
and not otherwise defined in this “Form of Notes”, shall have the same meanings in this “Form of Notes”. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be issued in the form of a temporary bearer global note (a Temporary Bearer 
Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent bearer global note (a Permanent Bearer 
Global Note) or, in the case of Bearer Notes either publicly offered in Switzerland and/or admitted to trading and listed 
on the SIX Swiss Exchange only or denominated in Swiss francs (any such Bearer Notes, Swiss Notes) and if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (the Swiss Global Note and, together with the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note and the Permanent Bearer Global Note, the Bearer Global Notes) which will: 
(i) 
(except in the case of a Swiss Global Note), if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new 
global note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); 
(ii) 
(except in the case of a Swiss Global Note), if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in 
NGN form (such Bearer Global Notes being CGNs), be delivered on or prior to the original issue date 
of the Tranche to a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Swiss Global Notes, be deposited with SIS or any other intermediary in Switzerland 
recognised for such purposes by the SIX Swiss Exchange (SIS or any such other intermediary, the 
Intermediary) on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche. Once the Swiss Global Note has 
been deposited with the Intermediary and the relevant interests in the Swiss Notes entered into the 
accounts of one or more participants of the Intermediary, the Swiss Notes represented thereby will 
constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) within the meaning of the Swiss Federal 
Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz) (Intermediated Securities). 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes 
of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Bearer Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will 
be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued in 
CGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of 
interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. 
person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has 
received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein 
either for (a) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (b) for definitive Bearer Notes of the same 
Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, 
in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case 
against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given, provided 
that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes. The 
holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount 
due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an 
interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is issued in CGN form) without any requirement for 
certification. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Swiss Global Note will be made through the 
Intermediary without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached 
upon either (a) not less than 60 days’ written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) to the Agent as described therein or (b) 
only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, an Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing or (ii) CS has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) 
or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system 
is available. CS will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 of the Terms and Conditions 
if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give 
notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of 
the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
In the case of Swiss Notes represented by a Swiss Global Note, each holder of such Swiss Notes shall have a 
quotal co-ownership interest (Miteigentumsanteil) in the Swiss Global Note to the extent of its claim against CS, provided 
that for so long as the Swiss Global Note remains deposited with the Intermediary and the Notes represented thereby 
qualify as Intermediated Securities, the co-ownership interest shall be suspended. 
No holder of Swiss Notes represented by a Swiss Global Note will at any time have the right to effect or demand 
the conversion of the Swiss Global Note representing such Swiss Notes into, or the delivery of, individually certificated 
securities (Wertpapiere) or uncertificated securities (Wertrechte). 
In the case of Swiss Notes represented by a Swiss Global Note, individually certificated Swiss Notes 
(Wertpapiere) in bearer form (Definitive Bearer Swiss Certificates) will be printed, and the Swiss Global Note will be 
exchanged, in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Bearer Swiss Certificates, if (and only if) the Swiss Agent determines, 
in its sole discretion, that the printing of the Definitive Bearer Swiss Certificates is necessary or useful or if the 
presentation of Definitive Bearer Swiss Certificates is required by Swiss or other applicable laws and regulations in 
connection with the enforcement of rights of Noteholders. Should the Swiss Agent so determine, it shall provide for the 
printing of Definitive Bearer Swiss Certificates without cost to the Noteholders. If printed, the Definitive Bearer Swiss 
Certificates shall be executed by affixing thereon the facsimile signatures of two authorised officers of CS. In the case 
Definitive Bearer Swiss Certificates are delivered, the Swiss Global Note will immediately be cancelled by the Swiss 
Agent and the Definitive Bearer Swiss Certificates shall be delivered to the relevant holders against cancellation of the 
relevant Swiss Notes in such holders’ securities accounts. Definitive Bearer Swiss Certificates will not be included in the 
records of the Intermediary and, therefore, will not constitute Intermediated Securities. 
However, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the following shall be applicable to Swiss Notes represented 
by a Swiss Global Note: Individually certificated Swiss Notes (Wertpapiere) in registered form for U.S. tax purposes 
(Definitive Registered Swiss Certificates) will be printed, and the Swiss Global Note will be exchanged, in whole, but 
not in part, for Definitive Registered Swiss Certificates, if (and only if) the Swiss Agent determines, in its sole discretion, 
that the printing of the Definitive Registered Swiss Certificates is necessary or useful. Should the Swiss Agent so 
determine, (i) it will provide for the printing of the Definitive Registered Swiss Certificates without interest coupons and 
without cost to the Noteholders, (ii) the Definitive Registered Swiss Certificates shall be executed by affixing thereon the 
facsimile signatures of two authorised officers of CS, and (iii) CS, after consultation with the Swiss Agent, will appoint 
a registrar (the Swiss Note Registrar) to establish and maintain a noteholders’ register for the Swiss Notes (the Swiss 
Note Register) on CS’s behalf. CS will notify the Noteholders of any such appointment in accordance with Condition 17 
of the Terms and Conditions. The Swiss Note Register will be established and maintained in a manner to ensure that the 
Swiss Notes are treated as issued in registered form for U.S. tax purposes. Upon delivery of the individually Definitive 
Registered Swiss Certificates, the Swiss Global Note will immediately be cancelled by the Swiss Agent and the Definitive 
Registered Swiss Certificates will be delivered to the Noteholders, who for this purpose need to be registered in the Swiss 
Note Register, against cancellation of the Swiss Notes in their respective securities accounts. Definitive Registered Swiss 
Certificates will not be included in the records of the Intermediary and, therefore, will not constitute Intermediated 
Securities. The registration of a new Noteholder by the Swiss Note Registrar will only occur upon presentation of the 
relevant Definitive Registered Swiss Certificates at the specified office of the Swiss Note Registrar or the Swiss Agent. 
No transfer of a Definitive Registered Swiss Certificate will be valid unless and until entered into the Swiss Note Register. 
A Definitive Registered Swiss Certificate may be registered only in the name of and transferred to a specified person.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
If the Final Terms so provide, the conversion of the Swiss Global Note into individually certificated securities 
(Wertpapiere) or uncertificated securities (Wertrechte) is excluded. Neither CS, the Noteholders, the Swiss Agent nor 
any other party shall, at any time, have the right to effect or demand the conversion of the Swiss Global Note into, or the 
delivery of, individually certificated securities (Wertpapiere) or uncertificated securities (Wertrechte). 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and interest coupons 
relating to such Bearer Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that U.S. holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any loss 
on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, 
disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Bearer Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or SIS, as the case may be. In the case of Bearer 
Notes represented by a Swiss Global Note, for so long as the Swiss Global Note remains deposited with the Intermediary, 
such Bearer Notes may only be transferred by the entry of the transferred Bearer Notes in a securities account of the 
transferee. 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a Registered 
Global Note). Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Registered Global Notes 
are to be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the NSS), a common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and registered in the name of a common nominee of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Persons 
holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the 
circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the NSS, the 
applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Global Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for a Registered 
Global Note held under the NSS will either by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register as the registered holder of the Registered 
Global Notes. None of CS, the Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or 
for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, in 
the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record Date 
immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive 
Registered Notes without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. 
For these purposes, an Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or (ii) CS has 
been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 
14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available. CS will promptly give 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 of the Terms and Conditions if an Exchange Event occurs. In the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their 
behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may give notice to the 
Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first 
relevant notice by the Registrar.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent 
applicable. 
Uncertificated Notes 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, Swiss Notes will be issued in uncertificated form (Uncertificated 
Notes). Each Tranche of Uncertificated Notes will be entered into the main register (Hauptregister) of the Intermediary 
on or prior to their issue date. Once the Uncertificated Notes are registered in the main register of the Intermediary and 
entered into the accounts of one or more participants of the Intermediary, the Uncertificated Notes will constitute 
Intermediated Securities. 
So long as the Uncertificated Notes constitute Intermediated Securities, they may only be transferred by the entry 
of the transferred Uncertificated Notes in a securities account of the transferee. 
No holder of Uncertificated Notes will at any time have the right to effect or demand the conversion of such 
Uncertificated Notes into, or the delivery of, a permanent global certificate (Globalurkunde) or individually certificated 
securities (Wertpapiere). No individually certificated Swiss Notes (Wertpapiere) will be printed or delivered. 
General 
Pursuant to the agency agreement for Notes dated 2nd August 2016, as supplemented by a supplemental agency 
agreement dated 24th May 2017, a second supplemental agency agreement dated 24th May 2018, a third supplemental 
agency agreement dated 24th May 2019, a fourth supplemental agency agreement dated 22nd May 2020 and a fifth 
supplemental agency agreement dated 21st May 2021 (together, the Note Agency Agreement), the Agent shall arrange 
that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of 
Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned (i) in the 
case of Notes other than Swiss Notes, a common code, ISIN and if available, the FISN and/or CFI code, and (ii) in the 
case of Swiss Notes, a Swiss Securities Number and ISIN, which are different from the common code, ISIN or Swiss 
Securities Number (as applicable) assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the 
Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which, in the case of Notes other than Swiss Notes, shall not be prior 
to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of or, as the case may be, registered 
in the name of a common nominee of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or, as the case may be, a nominee of 
the common safekeeper) each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown 
in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular principal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the principal 
amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the 
case of manifest error) shall be treated by CS and its agents as the holder of such principal amount of such Notes for all 
purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such principal amount of such Notes, for which 
purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note 
shall be treated by CS and its agents as the holder of such principal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject 
to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder, holder of Notes and holder of Notes and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
In the case of Swiss Notes represented by a Swiss Global Note or Uncertificated Notes, the records of the 
Intermediary will determine the principal amount of Swiss Notes represented by that Swiss Global Note or Uncertificated 
Note, as the case may be, and held by or through each participant in the Intermediary. The holders of such Swiss Notes 
will be the persons holding such Swiss Notes in a securities account (Effektenkonto) which is in their name or, in the case 
of intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen), the intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen) holding such Swiss Notes for their own 
account in a securities account (Effektenkonto) which is in their name, and the expressions Noteholder, holder of Notes, 
holder of Swiss Notes and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly, including in the 
context of Swiss Global Notes deposited with the Intermediary. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or SIS shall, whenever the context so 
permits except in relation to Notes issued in NGN form or held under the new safekeeping structure for registered global 
securities (NSS), be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 11 of the Terms 
and Conditions. In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any 
part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in 
full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then from 8.00 p.m.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
(London time) on such day holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or SIS, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against CS on the basis 
of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or SIS on and subject to the terms 
of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) made by CS and dated 13th May 2015. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions, in which event a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to this Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made 
available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme (1) with a denomination of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and/or (2) are to be 
admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified 
investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access. 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) (as amended, 
MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. The expression Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.]1 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the UK). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the UK Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MIFID II product governance / target market: Professional investors and ECPs only – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined 
in [the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]3. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]4 
[UK MIFIR product governance / target market: Professional investors and ECPs only – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of [United Kingdom/UK] domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]3. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]4 
OR 
                                                   
1  Include where Part B paragraph 7(vii) (Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors) of the Final Terms specifies “Applicable”.  
2 Include where Part B paragraph 7(viii) (Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors) of the Final Terms specifies “Applicable”. 
3 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording 
along the following lines could be included: “The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and 
objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested].” 
4 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
[MIFID II product governance / target market: Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail 
clients, each as defined in [the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) (as amended, MiFID 
II)][MiFID II]; EITHER 5[and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR 6[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to 
retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure 
execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]2. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]7.]8 
[UK MIFIR product governance / target market: Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA)][EUWA], and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER5 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR6 [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-
advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]2. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to he FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]7.]8 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) Of The Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (or modified 
from time to time) – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as 
amended or modified from time to time) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes to be capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified 
Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and in the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]9 
[The following language applies if the Notes are issued by the Issuer and are intended to be “qualifying debt 
securities” (as defined in the Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore): 
Without prejudice to any other Singapore tax exemption which may be applicable to payments made by licensed 
banks in Singapore (such as the Issuer), where Notes are “qualifying debt securities” for the purposes of the Income Tax 
Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore (the ITA): 
Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost is derived from any Notes 
by any person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any operations in Singapore through a permanent 
establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption available for qualifying debt securities (subject to certain conditions) under 
the ITA shall not apply if such person acquires such Notes using the funds and profits of such person’s operations through 
a permanent establishment in Singapore. Any person whose interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption 
                                                   
5 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex. 
6 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised 
sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute “complex” products, pure execution services are not permitted 
to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
7 If the Notes constitute “complex” products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
8 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach. 
9 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes sold into Singapore do not constitute prescribed capital markets products as defined 
under the CMP Regulations 2018.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
premium or break cost derived from the Notes is not exempt from tax (including for the reasons described above) shall 
include such income in a return of income made under the ITA.] 
 
[Date] 
Credit Suisse AG, acting through its 
[Zurich head office] [[London][Tokyo][Singapore][Guernsey][Sydney][New York] branch] 
 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): ANGGYXNX0JLX3X63JN86 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
[The Notes will only be admitted to trading on [insert name of relevant QI market/segment], which is [an EEA 
regulated market/a specific segment of an EEA regulated market] (as defined in MiFID II), to which only qualified 
investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and shall not be offered or sold to non-qualified 
investors.]10 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 21st May 2021[, as supplemented by the Supplements 
thereto dated [date]] (the Base Prospectus) which constitutes a base prospectus [for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant 
information. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website 
(www.bourse.lu). 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes issued by Credit Suisse AG (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [25th February 2015/13th May 
2015/13th May 2016/2nd August 2016/24th May 2017/24th May 2018/24th May 2019/22 May 2020] (the Original Base 
Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of Article 8 of 
the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 21st May 2021[, as 
supplemented by the Supplements thereto dated [date]] (the Base Prospectus) which constitutes a base prospectus for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Original Base 
Prospectus and are attached hereto, in order to obtain all relevant information. Copies of the Base Prospectus are available 
for viewing on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website (www.bourse.lu). 
 (Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for 
completing the Final Terms.) 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[    ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [provide issue amount/maturity date/issue date of 
earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date/the date that is 40 
days after the Issue Date exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, 
as referred to in paragraph 23 below, which is expected to 
occur on about [date]]/[Not Applicable] 
                                                   
10 Legend to be included for Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) which will only be  
admitted to trading on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors can have access.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
(d) 
Date approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[[    ] [and [    ], respectively]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Required in case of Notes to be publicly offered in 
Switzerland and/or admitted to trading and listed on the 
SIX Swiss Exchange; otherwise only relevant where 
Board (or similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular tranche of Notes) 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[    ] 
3. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[    ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[    ] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[    ] [and integral multiples of [      ] in excess thereof] 
(in the case of Registered Notes, this means the 
minimum integral amount in which 
transfers can be made) 
[    ] 
N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent) unless they are to be admitted to 
trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment 
of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors 
have access, or they are Swiss Global Notes or 
Uncertificated Notes 
 
(Note — where multiple denominations above [€100,000] 
or equivalent are being used the following sample 
wording should be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].”  
(b) 
Calculation Amount [(in relation to 
calculation of interest on Notes in 
global form see Conditions)]11:  
[    ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.)  
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[      ]/[Issue Date]] 
[For 
purposes 
of 
Condition 
6.1, 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date shall be the Issue Date. 
For purposes of Condition [6.2/6.3], the Interest 
Commencement Date shall be the [Optional Redemption 
Date]/[      ].]12 
                                                   
11 For Notes issued in global form only. 
12 For Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.)  
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and 
year]]13 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[    ] per cent. Fixed Rate [for the period from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the [Optional 
Redemption Date]/[      ], and]14] 
 
 
[[    ] [    ] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR/Compounded Daily 
SONIA/Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR/SARON 
Compounded/SIBOR/BBSW/CDOR/CNH 
HIBOR/BKBM/HIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/[]]] +/-[    ] 
per cent. Floating Rate [in respect of each Interest Period 
comprised in the period from (and including) the 
[Optional Redemption Date]/[      ] to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date]15] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100/   ] per cent. of their principal amount 
 
(N.B. On the Maturity Date the Notes must be redeemed 
at an amount that is at least 100 per cent. of their 
principal amount) 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the [Issue 
Date]/[Interest Commencement Date], up to (but 
excluding) [Optional Redemption Date]/[      ] paragraph 
[12/14] applies and for the period from (and including) 
[Optional Redemption Date]/[      ], up to (and including) 
the Maturity Date, paragraph [12/14] applies]/[Not 
Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put]  
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Make-Whole Redemption] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
(further particulars specified below) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[       ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
                                                   
13 For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification it will be necessary to use the second 
option here. 
14 For Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes. 
15 For Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] in each year, commencing on [      ], up to and 
including [the Maturity Date][       ]16/[       ]17 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
[Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to Notes 
in global form see Conditions): 
[    ] per Calculation Amount18 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) 
for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to Notes 
in global form see Conditions): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ]]/[Not Applicable] 
[Only to be included, where applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Actual/365 (Fixed)]19 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[    ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(Only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon.) 
13. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable [from (and including) [the Optional 
Redemption Date]/[    ]]20/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[    ][in each year [from (and including) the First Interest 
Payment Date up to (and including) the Maturity Date]21[, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (c) below/, not subject to 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (c) below 
is specified to be Not Applicable] 
(b) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[    ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (c) below/, not subject 
to any adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (c) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(d) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[    ]/[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
is 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
                                                   
16 For Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, this will be the date on which the Notes switch to a floating rate. 
17 For certain Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes the Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification and the following words should be added: 
“provided that if any Interest Payment Date falls on a day which is not a Business Day, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.” 
18 For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification the following alternative wording is 
appropriate: “Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the 
Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, CNY0.005, being rounded upwards.” 
19 Applicable to Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes. 
20 For Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes. 
21 For Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[    ] [    ] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR/Compounded Daily 
SONIA/Compounded Daily SOFR/SARON 
Compounded/SIBOR/BBSW/CDOR/CNH 
HIBOR/HIBOR/BKBM/STIBOR/NIBOR/] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[    ] 
 
(Second London business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or euro 
LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if Sterling 
LIBOR, BBSW, CDOR, BKBM or HIBOR, the second day 
on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR, the 
second Singapore business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if SIBOR, the second Hong Kong business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period if CNH 
HIBOR, the second Stockholm business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if STIBOR, the second Oslo 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
NIBOR, the date falling p London Banking Days prior to 
the day on which the relevant Interest Period ends (but 
which by its definition is excluded from the Interest 
Period), if Compounded Daily SONIA, the date falling p 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
day on which the relevant Interest Period ends (but which 
by its definition is excluded from the Interest Period), if 
Compounded Daily SOFR, and the fifth Zurich Banking 
Day prior to the end of each Interest Period, if SARON 
Compounded). 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[    ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately)  
 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift]22 
 
Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[__] [London Banking/U.S. Government Securities 
Business] Day[s]][Not Applicable]23 
(N.B. If the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, 
a minimum of five London Banking Days should be 
specified unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation 
Agent) 
 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]23 
 
Specified Time 
[    ] 
(N.B. Delete for all Reference Rates other than 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR 
where Index Determination is specified as being 
applicable or SARON Compounded) 
 
Replacement Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
                                                   
22 Only relevant for Floating Rate Notes which specify the Reference Rate as being Compounded Daily SONIA. 
23 Only relevant for Floating Rate Notes which specify the Reference Rate as being Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
(N.B. If the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SOFR 
or SARON Compounded, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[    ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[    ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[    ] 
 
(In the case to a LIBOR or EURIBOR based option the 
first day of the Interest Period) 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation:  
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][    ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[    ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[    ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
14. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[    ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
15. 
Notice Periods for Condition 8.2 (if other than as 
set out in Condition 8.2): 
[Minimum period: [    ] days 
Maximum period: [    ] days]24 
[Not Applicable] 
16. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[    ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
                                                   
24 Include only if notice periods are different than the 30-day minimum and 60-day maximum notice periods set forth in the Conditions.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
[Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount] 
(d) 
[Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [    ] days 
 
Maximum period: [    ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Agent)]25  
17. 
Make-Whole Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[    ] 
(b) 
Reference Bonds: 
[    ]/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Reinvestment Margin: 
[    ] 
(d) 
Reinvestment 
Rate 
Determination 
Date: 
[    ] 
(e) 
Quotation Time: 
[    ] 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
(g) 
[Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [    ] days 
 
Maximum period: [    ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Agent)]26 
18. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[    ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [    ] days 
 
Maximum period: [    ] days 
                                                   
25 Include only if notice periods are different than the 10-day minimum and 60-day maximum notice periods set forth in the Conditions. 
26 Include only if notice periods are different than the 10-day minimum and 60-day maximum notice periods set forth in the Conditions.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system business 
days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Agent)  
19. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(N.B. Except in the case of Zero Coupon Notes where a 
Redemption/Payment Basis other than 100 per cent. of the 
principal amount has been specified, the Final 
Redemption Amount shall be equal to 100 per cent. of the 
Calculation Amount per Calculation Amount) 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount for purposes of 
Condition 8.7(a): 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent. of 
the principal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption 
Amount is likely to be par. If, however, the Final 
Redemption Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the 
principal value, consideration should be given as to what 
the Early Redemption Amount should be) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice option should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination 
of the Notes in paragraph 5 includes language 
substantially to the following effect: “[€100,000] and 
integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [€199,000].” Furthermore, such Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to 
any issue of Notes which is to be represented on issue by 
a Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes.) 
 
[Swiss Global Note: 
 
Swiss Global Note deposited with [SIX SIS AG]/[     ] 
 
[Definitive Registered Swiss Certificates will be printed, 
and the Swiss Global Note will be exchanged, in whole, 
but not in part, for Definitive Registered Swiss 
Certificates, if (and only if) the Swiss Agent determines, 
in its sole discretion, that the printing of the Definitive 
Registered Swiss Certificates is necessary or useful.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
 
Should the Swiss Agent so determine, (i) it will provide 
for the printing of the Definitive Registered Swiss 
Certificates without interest coupons and without cost to 
the Noteholders, and (ii) the Issuer, after consultation with 
the Swiss Agent, will appoint the Swiss Registrar to 
establish and maintain the Register on the Issuer’s behalf. 
The Issuer will notify the Noteholders of any such 
appointment in accordance with Condition 17 of the 
Conditions. 
 
Upon delivery of the Definitive Registered Swiss 
Certificates, the Swiss Global Note will immediately be 
cancelled by the Swiss Agent and the Definitive 
Registered Swiss Certificates will be delivered to the 
Noteholders, who for this purpose need to be registered in 
the Register, against cancellation of the Notes in their 
respective securities accounts. Definitive Registered 
Swiss Certificates will not be included in the records of 
the Intermediary and, therefore will not constitute 
Intermediated Securities. 
 
The registration of a new Noteholder by the Swiss 
Registrar will only occur upon presentation of the relevant 
Definitive Registered Swiss Certificates at the specified 
office of the Swiss Registrar or the Swiss Agent. No 
transfer of a Definitive Registered Swiss Certificates will 
be valid unless and until entered into the Register. A 
Definitive Registered Swiss Certificates may be 
registered only in the name of and transferred to a 
specified person.] 
 
[Definitive Bearer Swiss Certificates will be printed, and 
the Swiss Global Note will be exchanged, in whole, but 
not in part, for Definitive Bearer Swiss Certificates, if 
(and only if) the Swiss Agent determines, in its sole 
discretion, that the printing of the Definitive Bearer Swiss 
Certificates is necessary or useful or if the presentation of 
Definitive Bearer Swiss Certificates is required by Swiss 
or other applicable laws and regulations in connection 
with the enforcement of rights of Noteholders. Should the 
Swiss Agent so determine, it shall provide for the printing 
of Definitive Bearer Swiss Certificates without cost to the 
Noteholders. In the case Definitive Bearer Swiss 
Certificates are delivered, the Swiss Global Note will 
immediately be cancelled by the Swiss Agent and the 
Definitive Bearer Swiss Certificates shall be delivered to 
the relevant holders against cancellation of the relevant 
Notes in such holders’ securities accounts. Definitive 
Bearer Swiss Certificates will not be included in the 
records of the Intermediary and, therefore, will not 
constitute Intermediated Securities.] 
 
[The conversion of the Swiss Global Note into 
individually certificated securities (Wertpapiere) or 
uncertificated securities (Wertrechte) is excluded. Neither 
the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Swiss Agent, nor any 
other party shall, at any time, have the right to effect or 
demand the conversion of the Swiss Global Note into, or 
the delivery of, individually certificated securities 
(Wertpapiere) or uncertificated securities (Wertrechte).]] 
 
[Registered Notes:

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
 
Registered Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for a [common depositary/common safekeeper] 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
 
(Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14th 
December 2005) 
 
[Uncertificated Notes: 
 
Uncertificated Notes entered into the main register 
(Hauptregister) of [SIX SIS AG] [     ] 
 
No individually certificated Notes (Wertpapiere) will be 
printed or delivered.] 
22. 
New Global Note (NGN): 
[Yes][No] 
 
(In the case of a Registered Global Note, Swiss Global 
Note or Uncertificated Notes, this must be No) 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/      ]  
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment 
and not end dates of Interest Periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraph 14(d) relates)  
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No]/[Not Applicable]  
25. 
Schedule 4 of the Agency Agreement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Schedule 4 of the Agency Agreement contains provisions 
for meetings of Noteholders, which are not applicable in 
the case of issues by CS, acting through its Zurich head 
office, if placed in Switzerland.) 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO RENMINBI NOTES 
26. 
RMB Currency Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
27. 
Party responsible for calculating the Spot Rate 
[   ] (the RMB Calculation Agent) 
28. 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) 
[   ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[REPRESENTATIVE (N.B. Only to be included in case of Notes to be admitted to trading listed on the SIX 
Swiss Exchange) 
In accordance with article 58a of the Listing Rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange, the Issuer has appointed 
Credit Suisse AG, located at Paradeplatz 8, 8001 Zurich, Switzerland, as its representative to file the application 
with SIX Exchange Regulation AG in its capacity as competent authority for the admission to trading (including 
the provisional admission to trading) and listing of the Notes on the SIX Swiss Exchange.] 
[NO MATERIAL CHANGE (N.B. Only to be included in case of Notes to be publicly offered in Switzerland 
and/or admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange) 
[Save as disclosed in the Base Prospectus, there][There] has been no significant change in the financial 
or trading position of the Issuer and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 
[insert date of latest annual or interim financial statements].]

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
27[RESPONSIBILITY (N.B. Only to be included in case of Notes to be publicly offered in Switzerland and/or 
admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange) 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the content of the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms and 
declares that the information contained in the Base Prospectus, together with these Final Terms, is, to the best of 
its knowledge, correct and no material facts or circumstances have been omitted therefrom.] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [     ]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [     ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
 
 
Signed 
on 
behalf 
of 
Credit 
Suisse 
AG, 
acting 
through 
its 
[Zurich 
head 
office] 
[[London][Tokyo][Singapore][Guernsey][Sydney][New York] branch], as Issuer: 
By:  _________________________________ 
 
Duly authorised 
 
                                                   
27 If a Swiss wrapper is used for purposes of such an offer or application for such an admission, this statement should be moved to the wrapper and 
include not only the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms, but also the remainder of the wrapper.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
PART B—OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange/   ] and listed on the Official 
List of [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/   ] with effect 
from [    ].] [Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/    ] and 
listed on the Official List of [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/   ] with effect from [    ].] [The first day of 
trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange will be [date]. 
Application for definitive admission to trading and listing 
on the SIX Swiss Exchange will be made as soon as 
practicable thereafter and (if granted) will only be granted 
after the Issue Date. [The last day of trading on the SIX 
Swiss Exchange will be [date]/[the second Exchange 
Business Day prior to the Maturity Date. Exchange 
Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which the SIX Swiss Exchange is open for 
general business].]] 
[Application will be made by the Issuer to the Taipei 
Exchange in Taiwan (the TPEx) for the listing of the 
Notes on the TPEx in the Republic of China. Application 
will be made for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
TPEx with effect from the Issue Date. 
The TPEx is not responsible for the contents of these Final 
Terms or the Base Prospectus and no representation is 
made by the TPEx as to the accuracy or completeness of 
these Final Terms or the Base Prospectus. The TPEx 
expressly disclaims any and all liability for any losses 
arising from, or as a result of the reliance on, all or part of 
the contents of these Final Terms or the Base Prospectus. 
Admission to the listing and trading of the Notes on the 
TPEx shall not be taken as an indication of the merits of 
the Issuer or the Notes. The effective date of the listing of 
the Notes is on or about the Issue Date. 
(N.B. A Taiwan selling restriction and Taiwan taxation 
disclosure should be included in the Final Terms in the 
case of Notes listed on the TPEx)] 
[Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.]  
(ii) 
Minimum trading size 
[       ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Required in case of Notes to be publicy offered in 
Switzerland and/or admitted to trading and listed on the 
SIX Swiss Exchange, if only multiple denominations can 
be traded) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[       ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
rated [      ] by [insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity(ies)]]/[The following ratings reflect 
ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]:

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies) and associated defined 
terms]. 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the [European 
Union/the UK] and is registered under [Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009/Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (as amended).] 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.) 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of 
the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in 
the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services, for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business]/[    ] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute 
“significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
Reasons for the offer 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus/Give 
details – The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be 
allocated or reallocated from time to time by the Issuer [or 
one of its subsidiaries] to the financing and/or 
refinancing, in whole or in part, of [give details] [as 
further described in the Issuer’s framework relating to 
[green/social/environmental/sustainable/[   ]] projects or 
assets 
(the 
[Sustainable 
Activities] 
Framework), 
available at: [https://www.credit-suisse.com/[   ]]. 
Pending the allocation or reallocation, as the case may be, 
of the net proceeds of the Notes to [give details], the Issuer 
[or one of its subsidiaries] will invest the balance of the 
net proceeds, at its own discretion, in [give details]. [The 
Issuer will monitor the use of the net proceeds of the Notes 
via its internal information systems.][Payment of 
principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made 
from general funds of the Issuer and will not be directly or 
indirectly linked to the performance of [give details].] 
[As per the Issuer’s [Sustainable Activities] Framework, 
a second party opinion has been obtained from [give 
details]. Such opinion is available on the Issuer’s website 
at: https://www.credit-suisse.com/[   ]]. 
The information on the websites referred to above do not 
(and shall not be deemed to) form part of (and are not 
incorporated into) these Final Terms or the Base 
Prospectus.] 
Estimated net proceeds 
[     ]

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes Only)  
 
Indication of yield:  
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility:  
[Yes/No]/[Not Applicable]  
 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper] [include this text for Notes in registered form 
which are to be held under the NSS] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central Bank 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] (include this text if “yes” selected in which 
case Bearer Notes must be issued in NGN form. If the 
Notes are in registered form but not to be held under the 
NSS, select “Not Applicable”.)  
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper] [include this text for Notes 
in registered form which are to be held under the NSS]. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the European Central 
Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
(ii) 
Delivery:  
Delivery [against/free of] payment  
(iii) 
Names and specified office of initial 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):  
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Names 
and 
specified 
offices 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if any):  
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Name and address of Calculation Agent 
for [calculating the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount (if not the Agent) for 
the purposes of Condition 6.2]28/[and 
for] [the purposes of [Condition 
[6.2][6.3]][and][Condition 8.4]]: 
[    ]/[The Issuer will appoint a Calculation Agent for the 
Notes prior to [[the earlier of] the [first Interest Payment 
Date]29[First Interest Payment Date]30] [and] [the date, if 
any, on which the Issuer provides notice of a Make-Whole 
Redemption in accordance with Condition 8.4], and will 
notify the Holders of any such appointment in accordance 
with Condition 17. The Issuer may appoint one of its 
affiliates or any other person as Calculation Agent, so 
long as such affiliate or other person is a leading bank or 
                                                   
28 In the case of ISDA Determination.  
29 In the case of Floating Rate Notes. 
30 In the case of Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
financial institution that is experienced in the calculations 
and determinations to be made by the Calculation 
Agent.]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
ISIN:  
[     ] 
(vii) 
Common Code:  
[     ] 
(viii) 
CFI Code: 
[[Include code], as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(ix) 
FISN: 
[[Include code], as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(x) 
Swiss Security Number:  
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Relevant Clearing System(s):  
[Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg/SIX SIS AG/other 
— give name(s), address(es) and number(s)]  
(xii) 
[Disclosure in relation to Swiss 
statutory rules on bondholder meetings:  
[      ]]  
 
(If Schedule 4 of the Agency Agreement is specified as 
being applicable, delete this sub-paragraph) 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement 
[      ] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; [TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail 
investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable (but see “Public Offer Selling 
Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation” in the 
section of the Base Prospectus entitled “Subscription and 
Sale”)] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
EEA, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail 
investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable (but see “Public Offer Selling 
Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation” in the 
section of the Base Prospectus entitled “Subscription and 
Sale”)]

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
UK, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified) 
(ix) 
Prohibition 
of 
sales 
to 
Belgian 
consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction) 
(x) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
(N.B. Only to be included in case of 
Notes not listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) 
[in the case of a QII private placement in Japan, insert: 
The section titled “Japan” set forth under “Subscription 
and Sale” in the Base Prospectus is replaced [in its 
entirety/[in the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon 
Notes to be issued by the Tokyo branch of Credit Suisse 
AG, include: except for its second paragraph]] by the 
following:  
Japan 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under 
the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 
No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the FIEA). As such the 
Notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
(including Japanese corporations) or to others for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan, or to any 
resident of Japan, except in compliance with a private 
placement directed solely to qualified institutional 
investors as defined in Article 2, Paragraph 3, Item 2, Sub-
item 1 of the FIEA and Article 10 of the Cabinet Office 
Ordinance on Definitions under Article 2 of the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act (MOF Ordinance No.14 of 
1993, as amended) (a Qualified Institutional Investor), 
or otherwise except in compliance with the FIEA and 
other applicable laws and regulations of Japan. The Notes 
may not be sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of to, 
or beneficially owned by, any investor who is a resident 
in Japan, unless such investor is a Qualified Institutional 
Investor. “A resident / residents of Japan” shall have the 
meaning as defined under Article 6, Paragraph 1, Item 5 
of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act of Japan 
(Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended). The transferor of the 
Notes shall notify any such transferee in writing of the 
transfer restriction described above upon or prior to such 
transfer.] 
[in the case of private placements with professional 
investors in Japan, insert:31 
The section titled “Japan” set forth under “Subscription 
and Sale” in the Base Prospectus is replaced [in its 
entirety/[in the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon 
Notes to be issued by the Tokyo branch of Credit Suisse 
AG and to the extent the Notes should fall under 
“specified foreign-issued company bonds” (tokutei 
                                                   
31 N.B. Advice should be taken from Japanese counsel before applying this carve out

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
minkan kokugaisai) as prescribed by the Special Taxation 
Measures Act of Japan, include: except for its second 
paragraph]] by the following:  
Japan 
(1) The Notes may not be sold, transferred or otherwise 
disposed of to any person other than the Professional 
Investors, Etc. (Tokutei Toushika tou) as defined in 
Article 2, Paragraph 3, Item 2(b)(2) of the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 
1948, as amended, the FIEA) (the Professional 
Investors, Etc.), except for the transfer of the Notes to the 
following: 
(a) 
(i) the Issuer or (ii) the Officer (meaning 
directors, company auditors, executive officers or persons 
equivalent thereto) of the Issuer who holds shares or 
equity pertaining to voting rights exceeding 50 per cent. 
of all the voting rights in the Issuer which is calculated by 
excluding treasury shares and any non-voting rights 
shares (the Voting Rights Held by All the Shareholders, 
Etc. (SouKabunushi Tou no Giketsuken)) (as prescribed 
in Article 29-4, Paragraph 2 of the FIEA) of the Issuer 
under his/her own name or another person’s name (the 
Specified Officer (Tokutei Yakuin)), or (iii) a juridical 
person (excluding the Issuer) whose shares or equity 
pertaining to voting rights exceeding 50 per cent. of the 
Voting Rights Held by All the Shareholders, Etc. are held 
by the Specified Officer (the Controlled Juridical 
Person, Etc.) (Hi-Shihai Houjin Tou) including a 
juridical person (excluding the Issuer) whose shares or 
equity pertaining to voting rights exceeding 50 per cent. 
of the Voting Rights Held by All the Shareholders, Etc. 
are jointly held by the Specified Officer and the 
Controlled Juridical Person, Etc. (as prescribed in Article 
11-2, Paragraph 2, Item 2 (c) of the Cabinet Office 
Ordinance on Definitions under Article 2 of the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act (MOF Ordinance No.14 of 
1993, as amended)); or 
(b) 
a company that holds shares or equity pertaining 
to voting rights exceeding 50 per cent. of the Voting 
Rights Held by All the Shareholders, Etc. of the Issuer in 
its own name or another person’s name. 
(2) When (i) a solicitation of an offer to acquire the Notes 
or (ii) an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to 
purchase the Notes (collectively, Solicitation of the Note 
Trade) is made, the following matters shall be notified 
from the person who makes such Solicitation of the Note 
Trade to the person to whom such Solicitation of the Note 
Trade is made in accordance with the FIEA and 
regulations thereunder (as amended from time to time): 
(a)   
no securities registration statement (pursuant to 
Article 4, Paragraphs 1 through 3 of the FIEA) has been 
filed with respect to the Solicitation of the Note Trade; 
(b)  
the Notes fall, or will fall, under the Securities 
for Professional Investors (Tokutei Toushika Muke 
Yukashoken) (as defined in Article 4, Paragraph 3 of the 
FIEA);

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
(c) 
any acquisition or purchase of the Notes by such 
person pursuant to any Solicitation of the Note Trade is 
conditional upon such person (i) (in the case of a 
solicitation of an offer to acquire the Notes to be newly 
issued) (x) entering into an agreement providing for the 
restriction on transfer of the Notes as set forth in (1) above 
with each of the Issuer and the person making such 
Solicitation of the Note Trade, or (y) agreeing to comply 
with the transfer restriction as set forth in (1) above, or (ii) 
(in the case of an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer 
to purchase the Notes already issued) entering into an 
agreement providing for the restriction on transfer of the 
Notes as set forth in (1) above with the person making 
such Solicitation of the Note Trade; 
(d) 
Article 4, Paragraphs 3, 5 and 6 of the FIEA will 
be applicable to such certain solicitation, offers and other 
activities with respect to the Notes as provided in Article 
4, Paragraph 2 of the FIEA; 
(e) 
the Specified Securities Information, Etc. 
(Tokutei Shouken Tou Jouhou) (as defined in Article 27-
33 of the FIEA) with respect to the Notes and the Issuer 
Filing Information, Etc. (Hakkosha Tou Jouhou) (as 
defined in Article 27-34 of the FIEA) with respect to the 
Issuer have been or will be made available for the 
Professional Investors, Etc. by way of such information 
being posted on the web-site maintained by the TOKYO 
PRO-BOND 
Market 
(http://www.jpx.co.jp/english/equities/products/tpbm/an
nouncement/index.html or any successor website) in 
accordance with Articles 210 and 217 of the Special 
Regulations of Securities Listing Regulations Concerning 
Specified Listed Securities of Tokyo Stock Exchange, 
Inc.; and 
(f)  
the Issuer Filing Information, Etc. will be 
provided to the holders of the Notes or made public 
pursuant to Article 27-32 of the FIEA.] 
[in the case of offers and sales to professional institutional 
investors in Taiwan and/or a listing on the Taipei 
Exchange in Taiwan pursuant to the Taipei Exchange 
Rules Governing Management of Foreign Currency 
Denominated International Bonds, insert: 
[in the case of Notes listed on the TPEx, include a 
Taiwanese selling restriction here] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
8. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION  
 
Details of benchmarks administrators and 
registration under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the EU Benchmarks Regulation): 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]. As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears]/[does 
not 
appear] 
in 
the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. [As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that [administrator legal name] is

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]/[As far as the 
Issuer is aware, Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation applies, such that [administrator legal name] 
is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(N.B. Not required to be included in case of Notes listed 
on the SIX Swiss Exchange)

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will apply to Uncertificated Notes and which 
will be incorporated by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case 
only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by Credit Suisse AG and 
the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon 
or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. In the case of Notes which are neither admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus 
is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms in relation to those Notes may 
specify other terms and conditions that will, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following 
Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The 
applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and 
definitive Note and will apply to Uncertificated Notes. Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” for a 
description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant 
Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Credit Suisse AG (the Issuer) pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form; 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Global Note in registered form); and 
(e) 
any Notes in uncertificated form (Uncertificated Notes). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement 
dated 2nd August 2016, as supplemented by a supplemental agency agreement dated 24th May 2017, a second 
supplemental agency agreement dated 24th May 2018, a third supplemental agency agreement dated 24th May 2019, a 
fourth supplemental agency agreement dated 22nd May 2020 and a fifth supplemental agency agreement dated 21st May 
2021 (together, the Agency Agreement, such Agency Agreement as may be further amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time), each between, among others, the Issuer and BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg 
Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank in respect of all Notes other than Notes represented on issue 
by a Swiss Global Note and other than Uncertificated Notes (the Agent, which expression shall include any successor 
agent and, together with any other paying agents appointed under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents, which 
expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg 
Branch as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include any successor registrar) and as transfer agent (together 
with any other transfer agents appointed under the Agency Agreement, the Transfer Agents, which expression shall 
include any additional successor transfer agents) and Credit Suisse AG as issuing and principal paying agent in respect 
of Notes represented on issue by a Swiss Global Note and Uncertificated Notes (the Swiss Agent, which expression shall 
include any successor Swiss Agent). If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will also appoint a calculation 
agent with respect to a Series (the Calculation Agent, which expression shall include any successor calculation agent 
and any other calculation agent specified in the applicable Final Terms). If the Notes are represented on issue by a Swiss 
Global Note or in the case of Uncertificated Notes, the Swiss Agent and the other Swiss paying agents named in the 
applicable Final Terms will act as Agent and Paying Agents, respectively, in respect of the Notes and the expressions 
Agent and Paying Agents shall be construed accordingly. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Bearer Notes which, 
when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) 
attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed 
to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Notes and Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on 
issue. Any references in these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) to Coupons or Talons shall not apply to 
Uncertificated Notes. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached 
to or endorsed on or applicable to this Note which complete the Conditions and, in the case of a Note which is neither

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (EEA) nor offered in the EEA in circumstances 
where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, may specify other terms and conditions 
that will, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for 
the purposes of this Note. References to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on or applicable to this Note. The expression Prospectus Regulation means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. For the purposes of the Conditions, references to EEA include the United Kingdom. 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether in issuing this Note the Issuer is acting through its Zurich head 
office or a specified branch of the Issuer (the Designated Branch). 
Other than in the case of Bearer Notes represented by a Swiss Global Note or Uncertificated Notes, any reference 
to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) the holders of the Notes and 
(in the case of Registered Notes) the person in whose name the Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes 
represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the 
holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which (a) are 
expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions 
which are the same in all respects save for the issue date, the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and 
the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of a Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) dated 13th May 
2015 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as 
defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection or collection during 
normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents and Transfer Agents or (ii) may be provided 
by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agent, the Transfer Agent or the Issuer and 
provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent, the Transfer Agent or the 
Issuer, as the case may be). If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). If this Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor 
offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes 
and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or, as the case may be, the relevant Paying Agent 
as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and 
are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final 
Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided 
that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final 
Terms will prevail. 
Any Swiss law provision referred to herein shall not be incorporated by reference into the Conditions. In the 
Conditions: 
euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
Renminbi and RMB means the lawful currency of People’s Republic of China (the PRC) which for the purposes 
of the Conditions excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macao Special Administrative 
Region of the PRC and the Republic of China. 
1 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form, registered form or uncertificated form as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the 
denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes, Registered 
Notes and Uncertificated Notes may not be exchanged for another form of Notes.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
The Swiss Global Note representing Bearer Notes will be deposited with SIX SIS AG (SIS) or any other 
intermediary in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by the SIX Swiss Exchange (SIS or any such other 
intermediary, the Intermediary) on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche. Once the Swiss Global 
Note has been deposited with the Intermediary and the relevant interests in the Swiss Notes (as defined below) 
entered into the accounts of one or more participants of the Intermediary, the Bearer Notes represented thereby 
will constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Intermediated 
Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz) (Intermediated Securities). 
In the case of Bearer Notes represented by a Swiss Global Note, each holder of the Bearer Notes shall have a 
quotal co-ownership interest (Miteigentumsanteil) in the Swiss Global Note to the extent of its claim against the 
Issuer, provided that for so long as the Swiss Global Note remains deposited with the Intermediary and the 
Bearer Notes represented thereby qualify as Intermediated Securities, the co-ownership interest shall be 
suspended. 
No holder of the Bearer Notes represented by a Swiss Global Note will at any time have the right to effect or 
demand the conversion of the Swiss Global Note representing such Bearer Notes into, or the delivery of, 
individually certificated securities (Wertpapiere) or uncertificated securities (Wertrechte). 
Uncertificated Notes will be entered into the main register (Hauptregister) of the Intermediary on or prior to the 
Issue Date. Once the Uncertificated Notes are registered in the main register of the Intermediary and entered into 
the accounts of one or more participants of the Intermediary, the Uncertificated Notes will constitute 
Intermediated Securities. 
No holder of the Uncertificated Notes will at any time have the right to effect or demand the conversion of the 
Uncertificated Notes into, or the delivery of, a permanent global certificate (Globalurkunde) or individually 
certificated securities (Wertpapiere). 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes (other than Definitive Bearer Swiss Certificates (as defined 
below)) and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of 
transfers in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer and the Paying Agents will 
(except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered 
holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any 
notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the 
case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held by or on behalf of or, as the case may be, 
registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) (or, as the case may be, a nominee for the common safekeeper), 
each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular principal amount of such Notes (in which 
regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the principal 
amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes 
save in the case of manifest error or proven error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the 
holder of such principal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal 
or interest on such principal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global 
Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying 
Agent as the holder of such principal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the 
relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
In the case of Bearer Notes represented by a Swiss Global Note or Uncertificated Notes (Swiss Notes), the 
records of the Intermediary will determine the principal amount of Swiss Notes represented by that Swiss Global 
Note or such Uncertificated Notes, as the case may be, and held by or through each participant in the 
Intermediary. The holders of such Swiss Notes will be the persons holding such Swiss Notes in a securities 
account (Effektenkonto) which is in their name or, in the case of intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen), the 
intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen) holding such Swiss Notes for their own account in a securities account 
(Effektenkonto) which is in their name, and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
expressions shall be construed accordingly, including in the context of Swiss Global Notes deposited with the 
Intermediary. 
In the case of Swiss Notes represented by a Swiss Global Note, individually certificated Notes (Wertpapiere) in 
bearer form (Definitive Bearer Swiss Certificates) will be printed, and the Swiss Global Note will be 
exchanged, in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Bearer Swiss Certificates, if (and only if) the Swiss Agent 
determines, in its sole discretion, that the printing of the Definitive Bearer Swiss Certificates is necessary or 
useful or if the presentation of Definitive Bearer Swiss Certificates is required by Swiss or other applicable laws 
and regulations in connection with the enforcement of rights of Noteholders. Should the Swiss Agent so 
determine, it shall provide for the printing of Definitive Bearer Swiss Certificates without cost to the 
Noteholders. If printed, the Definitive Bearer Swiss Certificates shall be executed by affixing thereon the 
facsimile signatures of two authorised officers of the Issuer. In the case Definitive Bearer Swiss Certificates are 
delivered, the Swiss Global Note will immediately be cancelled by the Swiss Agent and the Definitive Bearer 
Swiss Certificates shall be delivered to the relevant holders against cancellation of the relevant Swiss Notes in 
such holders’ securities accounts. Definitive Bearer Swiss Certificates will not be included in the records of the 
Intermediary and, therefore, will not constitute Intermediated Securities. 
However, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the following shall be applicable to Swiss Notes represented 
by a Swiss Global Note: Individually certificated Swiss Notes (Wertpapiere) in registered form for U.S. tax 
purposes (Definitive Registered Swiss Certificates) will be printed, and the Swiss Global Note will be 
exchanged, in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Registered Swiss Certificates, if (and only if) the Swiss Agent 
determines, in its sole discretion, that the printing of the Definitive Registered Swiss Certificates is necessary or 
useful. Should the Swiss Agent so determine, (i) it will provide for the printing of the Definitive Registered 
Swiss Certificates without interest coupons and without cost to the Noteholders, (ii) the Definitive Registered 
Swiss Certificates shall be executed by affixing thereon the facsimile signatures of two authorised officers of the 
Issuer, and (iii) the Issuer, after consultation with the Swiss Agent, will appoint a registrar (the Swiss Registrar) 
to establish and maintain a noteholders’ register for the Swiss Notes (the Register) on the Issuer’s behalf. The 
Issuer will notify the Noteholders of any such appointment in accordance with Condition 17. The Register will 
be established and maintained in a manner to ensure that the Swiss Notes are treated as issued in registered form 
for U.S. tax purposes. Upon delivery of the individually Definitive Registered Swiss Certificates, the Swiss 
Global Note will immediately be cancelled by the Swiss Agent and the Definitive Registered Swiss Certificates 
will be delivered to the Noteholders, who for this purpose need to be registered in the Register, against 
cancellation of the Swiss Notes in their respective securities accounts. Definitive Registered Swiss Certificates 
will not be included in the records of the Intermediary and, therefore, will not constitute Intermediated Securities. 
The registration of a new Noteholder by the Swiss Registrar will only occur upon presentation of the relevant 
Definitive Registered Swiss Certificates at the specified office of the Swiss Registrar or the Swiss Agent. No 
transfer of a Definitive Registered Swiss Certificate will be valid unless and until entered into the Register. A 
Definitive Registered Swiss Certificate may be registered only in the name of and transferred to a specified 
person. 
If the Final Terms so provide, the conversion of the Swiss Global Note into individually certificated securities 
(Wertpapiere) or uncertificated securities (Wertrechte) is excluded. Neither the Issuer, the Noteholders, the 
Swiss Agent nor any other party shall, at any time, have the right to effect or demand the conversion of the Swiss 
Global Note into, or the delivery of, individually certificated securities (Wertpapiere) or uncertificated securities 
(Wertrechte). 
In the case of Swiss Notes represented by Uncertificated Notes, no individually certificated Notes (Wertpapiere) 
will be printed or delivered. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and SIS, as the case may be. In the case 
of Bearer Notes represented by a Swiss Global Note, for so long as the Swiss Global Note remains deposited 
with the Intermediary and the Notes represented thereby qualify as Intermediated Securities, such Bearer Notes 
will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the Intermediary and 
may only be transferred by the entry of the transferred Bearer Notes in a securities account of the transferee. For 
so long as the Uncertificated Notes constitute Intermediated Securities, they will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the Intermediary and may only be transferred by 
the entry of the transferred Uncertificated Notes in a securities account of the transferee. 
References to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or SIS, whenever the context so permits, shall be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and, in the case of SIS, recognised by the SIX Swiss Exchange.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
2 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in 
such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial 
interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory 
restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive registered form only in the authorised denominations set out 
in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions 
specified in the Agency Agreement. 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraph 2.5 below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency 
Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (i) the holder or holders 
must (A) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant 
part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the form of 
transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised 
in writing and (B) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the Registrar or, as the 
case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent and (ii) the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer 
Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person 
making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the 
Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 9 to the Agency 
Agreement). Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent will, 
within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where 
the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request 
(or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), 
authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or 
(at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new 
Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate principal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant 
part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive 
form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred 
will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 8, the Issuer shall not be required to register the 
transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer as 
provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except 
that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental 
charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
2.5 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form may exchange such Notes for interests in a Registered Global 
Note of the same Series at any time. 
3 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and any relative Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer and rank pari passu with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer and without any preference among themselves, except for such preferences as are provided by any 
mandatory applicable provision of law. 
4 
This has been intentionally deleted. 
5 
This has been intentionally deleted.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
6 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes or Zero 
Coupon Notes or, in the case of Notes that have a change in interest basis, the period for which they are Fixed 
Rate Notes and the period for which they are Floating Rate Notes. 
6.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 6.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable 
to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6.1 for full 
information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final 
Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the 
Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day 
Count Fraction and any applicable Determination Date. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date up to (and including) the Maturity Date (if any) subject as provided in Condition 7.7. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such 
date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment 
Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated, in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest 
to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by (i) a Global Note or by Uncertificated Notes 
or (ii) Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of (A) the Fixed 
Rate Notes represented by such Global Note or Uncertificated Notes or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as applicable, 
to the outstanding aggregate principal amount of Fixed Rate Notes, which are Registered Notes in definitive 
form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form) shall 
be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form comprises 
more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be 
the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount 
comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 6.1: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) the 
most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of:

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 
360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; and 
(c) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365. 
In the Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) the 
next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment 
Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending 
on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
6.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
This Condition 6.2 applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6.2 
for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate Notes. In particular, the 
applicable Final Terms will identify any Specified Interest Payment Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any Additional Business Centres, whether ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the Margin, any maximum or 
minimum interest rates and the Day Count Fraction. Where ISDA Determination applies to the calculation of 
interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity, 
Reset Date and any Calculation Agent. Where Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, 
the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s), 
Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent and whether Replacement Rate Determination (pursuant to sub-
paragraph (b)(v) of this Condition 6.2) is applicable. In the case of ISDA Determination, if the applicable Final 
Terms specifies a Calculation Agent for calculating the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount for the purposes of 
this Condition 6.2, all references, unless the context otherwise requires, to the Agent in sub-paragraphs (a) to (g) 
of this Condition 6.2 shall be deemed to be references to the Calculation Agent. 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such 
interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In the Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date; provided, 
however, that where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily SONIA or SARON Compounded, in the case

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
of any Interest Period during which any Notes become due and payable on a date other than 
an Interest Payment Date, in respect of such Notes that become due and payable only, such 
Interest Period will end on (but exclude) such date on which such Notes become due and 
payable. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 6.2(a)(ii), the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in 
the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month 
and the provisions of (b)(ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of 
(y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) 
each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, Business Day means a day which is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in any Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; 
and 
(c) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (if other than any Additional Business Centre and which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars, New Zealand dollars or Renminbi shall be 
Sydney, Auckland and Hong Kong, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions 
(as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, Designated 
Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (unless the Reference Rate is Compounded 
Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR or SARON Compounded) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is not Compounded 
Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR or SARON Compounded, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the rate or offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the rates or offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either (i) the London 
interbank offered rate (LIBOR), (ii) the Euro-zone interbank offered rate (EURIBOR), (iii) 
the Singapore interbank offered rate (SIBOR), (iv) the Australian Bank Bill Swap Rate 
(BBSW), (v) the Canadian dollar offered rate for bankers acceptances (CDOR), (vi) the CNH 
Hong Kong inter-bank offered rate (CNH HIBOR), (vii) the New Zealand Bank Bill reference 
rate (BKBM), (viii) the Hong Kong interbank offered rate (HIBOR), (ix) the Stockholm 
interbank offered rate (STIBOR) or (x) the Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR)), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information) as at the Specified Time (as defined below) on the applicable Interest 
Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such bid rates or offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
bid rates or offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no rate or offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three rates or offered quotations 
appear, in each case as at the Specified Time on the applicable Interest Determination Date, 
the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its bid rate or offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on such Interest Determination Date 
(which, if the Reference Rate is CDOR, shall be the bid rate for Canadian dollar bankers 
acceptances for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period for settlement on such Interest 
Determination Date and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time (a representative amount) accepted by the Reference 
Banks at the Specified Time on such Interest Determination Date). If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with rates or offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates or offered quotations plus 
or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with an offered quotation or bid rate as provided in the preceding paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the 
Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of: 
(i) 
in the case of a Reference Rate other than CDOR, the rates, as communicated to (and 
at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more 
of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in the London inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR), the Euro-
zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Singapore inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is SIBOR), the Sydney inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is BBSW), the Hong Kong inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate 
is CNH HIBOR or HIBOR), the New Zealand inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is BKBM), the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR), 
the Oslo inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the inter-bank market 
of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if 
the Reference Rate is LIBOR), the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR), the Singapore inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
SIBOR), the Sydney inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is BBSW), the Hong 
Kong inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is CNH HIBOR or HIBOR), the New 
Zealand inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is BKBM), the Stockholm inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR), the Oslo inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is NIBOR), the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre 
(if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any); or 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate is CDOR, the bid rates quoted by any one or more major banks 
in Toronto (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the 
purposes) and provided to the Calculation Agent for Canadian Dollar bankers 
acceptances for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period for settlement on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date and in representative amount accepted by the 
bank or banks at the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus 
or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
provided that, in each case, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, (x) the Rate of Interest shall (subject, if applicable, to 
Condition 6.2(b)(vi)) be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (y) in 
the case of the first Interest Period for a Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Note, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be (subject, if applicable, to Condition 6.2(b)(vi)) the fixed Rate 
of Interest which applied immediately prior to such Interest Period. 
As used in these Conditions, with respect to any Floating Rate Note where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is not Compounded Daily SONIA, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or SARON Compounded:

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
Reference Banks means, (i) in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London 
office of four major banks in the London inter-bank market, (ii) in the case of a determination 
of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, (iii) in the case of a determination of SIBOR, the principal Singapore office of four 
major banks in the Singapore inter-bank market, (iv) in the case of a determination of BBSW, 
the financial institutions authorised to quote on the Reuters Screen BBSW Page, (v) in the case 
of a determination of CDOR, the principal Toronto office of four major Canadian chartered 
banks listed in Schedule I to the Bank Act (Canada), (vi) in the case of a determination of 
CNH HIBOR, the principal Hong Kong office of four major banks dealing in Renminbi in the 
Hong Kong inter-bank market, (vii) in the case of a determination of BKBM, four major 
trading banks in the New Zealand inter-bank market, (viii) in the case of a determination of 
STIBOR, four major banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market, (ix) in the case of a 
determination of NIBOR, four major banks in the Oslo inter-bank market, (x) in the case of a 
determination of HIBOR, four major banks in the Hong Kong inter-bank market and (xi) in 
the case of a determination of a Reference Rate that is not LIBOR, EURIBOR, SIBOR, 
BBSW, CDOR, CNH HIBOR, HIBOR, BKBM, STIBOR or NIBOR, the principal office of 
four major banks in the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, in each case as 
selected by the Issuer; and 
Specified Time means (i) 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, 
Brussels time, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, Singapore time, in the case of a 
determination of SIBOR, Hong Kong time, in the case of a determination of HIBOR, 
Stockholm time, in the case of a determination of STIBOR), (ii) 10.00 a.m. (Toronto time, in 
the case of a determination of CDOR, Sydney time, in the case of a determination of BBSW), 
(iii) 11.15 a.m. Hong Kong time or if, at or around that time it is notified that the fixing will 
be published at 2.30 p.m. Hong Kong time, then 2.30 p.m. Hong Kong time (in the case of a 
determination of CNH HIBOR), (iv) 10.45 a.m. (New Zealand time, in the case of a 
determination of BKBM), (v) 12.00 p.m. (Oslo time, in the case of a determination of NIBOR) 
or (vi) the time in the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms, in the 
case of a determination of any other Reference Rate. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes where the Reference Rate is Compounded 
Daily SONIA 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
Compounded Daily SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject 
as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA for such Interest Period plus or 
minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SONIA means, with respect to an Interest Period,  
(I) 
if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):  
 
(𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 y
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 x −1) 𝑥365
𝑑 
where: 
SONIA CompoundedIndexx means the SONIA Compounded Index in 
respect of the day falling p London Banking Days prior to the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period; 
SONIA CompoundedIndexy means the SONIA Compounded Index in 
respect of the day falling p London Banking Days prior to the last day of

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
such Interest Period (but which by its definition is excluded from such 
Interest Period); 
d is the number of days in the relevant Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if the SONIA Compounded Index required to 
determine SONIA Compounded Indexx  or SONIA Compounded Indexy 
does not appear on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, 
or any successor source, at the Specified Time on the relevant London 
Banking Day (or by 5:00 p.m. London time or such later time falling one 
hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication of the SONIA 
Compounded Index in accordance with the then-prevailing operational 
procedures of the administrator of the SONIA Reference Rate or relevant 
authorised distributors, as the case may be), Compounded Daily SONIA for 
such Interest Period and each Interest Period thereafter shall be 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” determined in accordance with subclause (II) 
below and for these purposes  the “Observation Method” shall be deemed to 
be “Shift”; or 
(II) 
if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (y) this subclause (II) applies to such Interest 
Period pursuant to the proviso in subclause (I) above, the rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards): 
 
 
where: 
d means the number of days in (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” 
is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or 
(where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method) the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
do means the number of London Banking Days in (where in the applicable 
Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant 
Interest Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified 
as the Observation Method) the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first London Banking Day in (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” 
is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or 
(where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method) the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
ni means, for any London Banking Day i, the number of days from (and 
including) such London Banking Day i up to (but excluding) the following 
London Banking Day; 
SONIAi-pLBD means: 
 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any London Banking Day i 
falling in the relevant Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate 
for the London Banking Day falling p London Banking Days prior 
to such day; or 
d 
n
SONIA 
o
d 
i
i
pLBD 
 
 
- 
 
i 
365 
1 
365 
1
1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



  
 
  




--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method, SONIAi-pLBD shall be replaced in the above 
formula with SONIAi, where SONIAi means, in respect of any 
London Banking Day i falling in the relevant SONIA Observation 
Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for such day. 
(B) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest (subject, if applicable, to Condition 
6.2(b)(vi)) shall be:  
(I) 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or 
(II) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable for the first scheduled Interest Period had 
the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the first scheduled 
Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (and applying the Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable to the first scheduled 
Interest Period). 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii): 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;p 
means the number of London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
SONIA Compounded Index means, in respect of any London Banking Day, the 
compounded daily SONIA rate for such London Banking Day as published by the 
Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's 
Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source, at the Specified Time on 
such London Banking Day;  
SONIA Observation Period means the period from (and including) the date falling 
p London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period to (but 
excluding) the date falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which by its definition is excluded from such Interest Period); 
SONIA Reference Rate means, in respect of any London Banking Day, the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the London 
Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day. If, in respect of any 
London Banking Day, the applicable SONIA Reference Rate is not made available 
on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, then the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of such London 
Banking Day shall be: 
(I) 
The Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 5.00 p.m. 
(or, if earlier, close of business) on such London Banking Day; plus (ii) the 
mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and the lowest spread (or,

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); 
or 
(II) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, then the SONIA Reference Rate in respect 
of such London Banking Day shall be the SONIA Reference Rate published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on 
which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors); and 
Specified Time means 10:00 a.m., London time, or such other time as is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes where the Reference Rate is Compounded 
Daily SOFR 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject 
as provided below, be Compounded Daily SOFR for such Interest Period plus or 
minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Period,  
(I) 
if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
𝑑) 
where: 
SOFR IndexStart means the SOFR Index value in respect of the day that is p 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period; 
SOFR IndexEnd means the SOFR Index value in respect of the day that is p 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the last day of the 
relevant Interest Period; and 
d means the number of days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
provided, however, that, if the SOFR Index value required to determine 
SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd does not appear on the New York Federal 
Reserve’s Website at the Specified Time on the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, “Compounded Daily SOFR” for such Interest 
Period and each Interest Period thereafter will be determined in accordance 
with subclause (II) below; or 
(II) 
if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (y) this subclause (B) applies to such Interest 
Period pursuant to the proviso in subclause (A) above, the rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards):

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
 
where: 
d means the number of days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
d0 means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, 
the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period; 
ni means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day i, in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period the number of days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day i up to but excluding the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; and 
SOFRi means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day i falling 
in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
(B) 
If a SOFR Benchmark Replacement is required at any time to be used pursuant to 
paragraph (3) of the definition of SOFR Reference Rate, then in connection with 
determining the SOFR Benchmark Replacement: 
(I) 
the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as applicable, shall 
also determine the method for determining the rate described in clause (a) 
of paragraph (1), (2) or (3) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement, as applicable (including (i) the page, section or other part of a 
particular information service on or source from which such rate appears or 
is obtained (the Relevant Source), (ii) the time at which such rate appears 
on, or is obtained from, the Relevant Source (the Alternative Specified 
Time), (iii) the day on which such rate will appear on, or is obtained from, 
the Relevant Source in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (the Relevant Date), and (iv) any alternative method for determining 
such rate if is unavailable at the Alternative Specified Time on the applicable 
Relevant Date), which method shall be consistent with industry-accepted 
practices for such rate; 
(II) 
from (and including) the Affected Day, references to the Specified Time 
shall be deemed to be references to the Alternative Specified Time; 
(III) 
if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as applicable, 
determine that (i) changes to the definitions of Business Day, Compounded 
Daily SOFR, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest 
Payment Date, Interest Period, SOFR Observation Period, SOFR Reference 
Rate or U.S. Government Securities Business Day or (ii) any other technical 
changes to any other provision described in this Condition 6.2(b)(iv), are 
necessary in order to implement the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
(including any alternative method described in subclause (iv) of paragraph 
(I) above) as the SOFR Benchmark in a manner substantially consistent with 
market practice (or, if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent, as the case may be, decide that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may be, determine that no 
market practice for use of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement exists, in such 
other manner as the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as 
the case may be, determines is reasonably necessary), such definitions or

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
other provisions will be amended to reflect such changes as contemplated in 
paragraph (a)(i) of Condition 18; and 
(IV) 
the Issuer will give notice or will procure that notice is given as soon as 
practicable to the Calculation Agent, and to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 17, specifying the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as well 
as the details described in paragraph (A) above and the amendments 
implemented pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) of Condition 18 as contemplated 
in paragraph (III) above. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.2(b)(iv): 
Corresponding Tenor means, with respect to a SOFR Benchmark Replacement, a 
tenor (including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding any 
applicable Business Day Convention) as the applicable tenor for the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means, with respect to any ISDA Fallback Rate, the 
spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that would be 
applied to such ISDA Fallback Rate in the case of derivative transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions that will be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
event with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means, with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark, the 
rate that would apply for derivative transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions 
that will be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to 
the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
New York Federal Reserve’s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website 
of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor administrator of SOFR 
or SOFR Index, as applicable; 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
p means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the 
the Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
SOFR means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the daily 
secured overnight financing rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such 
rate (or any successor administrator of such rate); 
SOFR Benchmark means SOFR, provided that if a SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to SOFR or such other then-current SOFR Benchmark, then SOFR Benchmark 
means the applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the first alternative set forth in the order presented below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as of 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark: 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for 
the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
and (b) the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
(2) 
the sum of (a) the ISDA Fallback and (b) the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Issuer or the Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as the replacement for 
the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor, 
provided that, (i) if the Issuer or the Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the 
case may be, determine that there is an industry-accepted replacement rate 
of interest for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time, it shall select such industry-accepted rate, 
and (ii) otherwise, it shall select such rate of interest that it has determined 
is most comparable to the then-current Benchmark, and the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or the Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(3) 
the spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, 
that has been selected by the Issuer or the Benchmark Replacement Agent, 
if any, to be applied to the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark with such Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
for the purposes of determining the SOFR Reference Rate, which spread 
adjustment shall be consistent with any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, applied to such Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
where it has replaced the then-current SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar 
denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent means any affiliate of the Issuer or such 
other person that has been appointed by the Issuer to make the calculations and 
determinations to be made by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent described 
herein that may be made by either the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent or the 
Issuer, so long as such affiliate or other person is a leading bank or other financial 
institution that is experienced in such calculations and determinations. The Issuer 
may elect, but is not required, to appoint a SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent at 
any time. The Issuer will notify the Noteholders of any such appointment in 
accordance with Condition 17; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect thereto: 
(1) 
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the SOFR Benchmark; or 
(2) 
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
If the event giving rise to the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the 
same day as, but earlier than, the Specified Time in respect of any determination, the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the 
Specified Time for such determination; 
SOFR Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect 
thereto: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that such administrator 
has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark, permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark; 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark, the central bank for the 
currency of the SOFR Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark or a court or an 
entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
for the SOFR Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the SOFR Benchmark; or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that the SOFR 
Benchmark is no longer representative; 
SOFR Index means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the 
compounded daily SOFR rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day as 
published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such 
rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Federal Reserve’s 
Website; 
SOFR Index value means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, the value of the SOFR Index published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such value appears on the New York Federal Reserve’s Website at 
the Specified Time on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
SOFR Observation Period means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling p U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling p U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due 
(but which by its definition is excluded from such Interest Period); and 
SOFR Reference Rate means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day: 
(1) 
a rate equal to SOFR for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
appearing on the New York Federal Reserve’s Website on or about the 
Specified Time on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
immediately following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; or 
(2) 
if SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day does 
not appear as specified in paragraph (1), unless the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, determines that a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to SOFR on or prior to the Specified Time on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
Government Securities Business Day, SOFR in respect of the last U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which such rate was published on 
the New York Federal Reserve’s Website; or 
(3) 
if SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day does 
not appear as specified in paragraph (1) and the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, determines that a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark on or prior to 
the Specified Time on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
immediately following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (or, 
if the then-current SOFR Benchmark is not SOFR, on or prior to the 
Specified Time on the Relevant Date), then (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this clause (3)) from (and including) the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (or the Relevant Date, as applicable) (the Affected 
Day), the SOFR Reference Rate shall mean, in respect of any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, the applicable SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day appearing 
on, or obtained from, the Relevant Source at the Specified Time on the 
Relevant Date. 
Specified Time means 3:00 p.m., New York City time or such other time as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement means the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day, except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
or any successor organisation recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
(D) 
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Condition 6.2(b)(iv), if the Issuer has 
appointed a SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent and such SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent is unable to determine whether a SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event has occurred or, following the occurrence of a SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event, has not selected the SOFR Benchmark Replacement as of the related SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date, in accordance with this Condition 6.2(b)(iv), then, in 
such case, the Issuer shall make such determination or select the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement, as the case may be. 
(E) 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, pursuant to this Condition 6.2(b)(iv), 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event (including any determination that a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark), circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will 
be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent, as the case may be, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination where the Reference Rate is SARON Compounded 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
SARON Compounded, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be SARON Compounded in respect of such Interest Period plus or 
minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
(B) 
SARON Compounded means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
where: 
db means the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant SARON Observation 
Period; 
dc means the number of days in the relevant SARON Observation Period; 
i indexes a series of whole numbers from one to “db”, representing the Zurich Banking 
Days in the relevant SARON Observation Period in chronological order from (and 
including) the first Zurich Banking Day in such SARON Observation Period; 
ni means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day “i”, the number of days from (and 
including) such Zurich Banking Day “i” to (but excluding) the first following Zurich 
Banking Day; and 
SARONi means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day “i”, SARON for such Zurich 
Banking Day i. 
(C) 
As used in this Condition 6.2(b)(v), 
Recommended Adjustment Spread means, with respect to any Recommended 
Replacement Rate, the spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or formula 
or methodology for calculating such a spread, 
(1) 
that the Recommending Body has recommended be applied to such 
Recommended Replacement Rate in the case of fixed income securities with 
respect to which such Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the reference rate for purposes of 
determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; or 
(2) 
if the Recommending Body has not recommended such a spread, formula or 
methodology as described in clause (1) above, to be applied to such 
Recommended Replacement Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight with such Recommended 
Replacement Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which spread will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, and be consistent with industry-accepted 
practices for fixed income securities with respect to which such 
Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight as the reference rate for purposes of determining the applicable 
rate of interest thereon; 
Recommended Replacement Rate means the rate that has been recommended as 
the replacement for the Swiss Average Rate Overnight by any working group or 
committee in Switzerland organised in the same or a similar manner as the National 
Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 2013 for 
purposes of, among other things, considering proposals to reform reference interest 
rates in Switzerland (any such working group or committee, the Recommending 
Body); 
 
  (1 + 𝑆𝐴𝑅𝑂𝑁𝑖 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
360
𝑑𝑏
𝑖=1
) −1 𝑥360
𝑑𝑐

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
SARON means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, 
(1) 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day published 
by the SARON Administrator on the SIX Group’s Website at the Specified 
Time on such Zurich Banking Day; or 
(2) 
if such rate is not so published on the SIX Group’s Website at the Specified 
Time on such Zurich Banking Day and a SARON Index Cessation Event 
and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have not both occurred at or 
prior to the Specified Time on such Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight published by the SARON Administrator on the SIX Group’s  
Website for the last preceding Zurich Banking Day on which the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight was published by the SARON Administrator on the 
SIX Group’s Website; or 
(3) 
if such rate is not so published on the SIX Group’s Website at the Specified 
Time on such Zurich Banking Day and a SARON Index Cessation Event 
and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have both occurred at or prior 
to the Specified Time on such Zurich Banking Day, 
(x) 
if there is a Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich 
Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the 
Recommended Replacement Rate for such Zurich Banking Day, 
giving effect to the Recommended Adjustment Spread, if any, 
published on such Zurich Banking Day; or 
(y) 
if there is no Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich 
Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the 
policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (the SNB Policy Rate) for 
such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB Adjustment 
Spread, if any. 
Notwithstanding the above, if the SNB Policy Rate for any Zurich Banking Day with 
respect to which SARON is to be determined pursuant to sub-clause (3)(y) above has 
not been published on such Zurich Banking Day, then in respect of such Zurich 
Banking Day (the Affected Zurich Banking Day) and each Zurich Banking Day 
thereafter, SARON will be replaced by the Replacement Rate, if any, determined in 
accordance with Condition 6.2(b)(v)(E) for purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest; 
SARON Administrator means SIX Financial Information AG (including any 
successor thereto) or any successor administrator of the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight; 
SARON Index Cessation Effective Date means the earliest of: 
(1) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described 
in clause (1) of the definition thereof, the date on which the SARON 
Administrator ceases to provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; 
(2) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described 
in sub-clause (2)(x) of the definition thereof, the latest of: 
 
(x) 
the date of such statement or publication; 
(y) 
the date, if any, specified in such statement or publication as the 
date on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight will no longer be 
representative; and 
(z) 
if a SARON Index Cessation Event described in sub-clause (B)(y) 
of the definition thereof has occurred on or prior to either or both 
dates specified in sub-clauses (x) and (y) of this clause (B), the date 
as of which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer be 
used; and

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
(3) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described 
in sub-clause (2)(y) of the definition thereof, the date as of which the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used; 
SARON Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
SARON Administrator, or by any competent authority, announcing or 
confirming that the SARON Administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the SARON 
Administrator or any competent authority announcing that (x) the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight is no longer representative or will as of a certain 
date no longer be representative, or (y) the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
may no longer be used after a certain date, which statement, in the case of 
sub-clause (y), is applicable to (but not necessarily limited to) fixed income 
securities and derivatives; and 
SARON Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling five Zurich Banking Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period and ending on (but excluding) the date falling five Zurich Banking 
Days prior to the day on which such Interest Period ends (but which by its definition 
is excluded from such Interest Period); 
SIX Group’s Website means the website of the SIX Group, or any successor website 
or other source on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight is published; 
SNB Adjustment Spread means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, the spread to 
be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight with the SNB Policy Rate for purposes of determining SARON, 
which spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and 
a commercially reasonable manner, taking into account the historical median between 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight and the SNB Policy Rate during the two year 
period ending on the date on which the SARON Index Cessation Event occurred (or, 
if more than one SARON Index Cessation Event has occurred, the date on which the 
first of such events occurred); 
Specified Time means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, close of trading on the 
trading platform of SIX Repo AG (or any successor thereto) on such Zurich Banking 
Day, which is expected to be on or around 6 p.m. (Zurich time); and 
Zurich Banking Day means a day on which banks are open in the City of Zurich for 
the settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions. 
(D) 
If the Calculation Agent (1) is required to use a Recommended Replacement Rate or 
the SNB Policy Rate pursuant to sub-clause (3)(x) or (3)(y) of the definition of 
“SARON” for purposes of determining SARON for any Zurich Banking Day, and 
(2) determines that any changes to the definitions of Business Day Convention, Day 
Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, 
SARON Observation Period, SARON, SARON Administrator, SIX Group’s 
Website, Specified Time or Zurich Banking Day are necessary in order to use such 
Recommended Replacement Rate (and any Recommended Adjustment Spread) or 
the SNB Policy Rate (and any SNB Adjustment Spread), as the case may be, for such 
purposes, such definitions will be amended as contemplated in Condition 18 to reflect 
such changes, and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Calculation 
Agent, the Agent and the other Paying Agents, if any, and, in accordance with

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
Condition 17, the Noteholders, specifying the Recommended Replacement Rate and 
any Recommended Adjustment Spread or any SNB Adjustment Spread, as 
applicable, and the amendments implemented pursuant to Condition 18. 
(E) 
Unless the Issuer has elected to redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 8, 
the Issuer will appoint a Replacement Rate Agent on or prior to the first Zurich 
Banking Day (1) with respect to which SARON is to be determined pursuant to 
clause (3) of the definition of “SARON” and (2) for which the SNB Policy Rate has 
not been published thereon. The Issuer may appoint an affiliate of the Issuer or any 
other person as Replacement Rate Agent, so long as such affiliate or other person is 
a leading bank or financial institution that is experienced in the calculations and 
determinations to be made by the Replacement Rate Agent. The Issuer will notify the 
Noteholders of any such appointment in accordance with Condition 17. 
(F) 
If the conditions set out in the last paragraph of the definition of “SARON” have been 
satisfied, then the Replacement Rate Agent will determine whether to use an 
alternative rate to SARON for the Affected Zurich Banking Day and for all 
subsequent Zurich Banking Days in the SARON Observation Period in which the 
Affected Zurich Banking Day falls (the Affected SARON Observation Period) and 
all SARON Observation Periods thereafter. If the Replacement Rate Agent 
determines to use an alternative rate pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence, 
it shall select such rate that it has determined is most comparable to the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight (the Existing Rate), provided that if it determines that there is an 
appropriate industry-accepted successor rate to the Existing Rate, it shall use such 
industry-accepted successor rate. If the Replacement Rate Agent has determined an 
alternative rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, the Replacement Rate), 
for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest, (1) the Replacement Rate Agent shall 
determine (x) the method for obtaining the Replacement Rate (including any 
alternative method for determining the Replacement Rate if such alternative rate is 
unavailable on the relevant Interest Determination Date), which method shall be 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for the Replacement Rate, and (y) any 
adjustment factor as may be necessary to make the Replacement Rate comparable to 
the Existing Rate consistent with industry-accepted practices for the Replacement 
Rate, (2) for the Affected Zurich Banking Day and all subsequent Zurich Banking 
Days in the Affected SARON Observation Period and all SARON Observation 
Periods thereafter, references to SARON in the Conditions shall be deemed to be 
references to the Replacement Rate, including any alternative method for determining 
such rate and any adjustment factor as described in sub-clause (1) above, (3) if the 
Replacement Rate Agent determines that changes to the definitions of Business Day 
Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, 
Interest Period, SARON, SARON Observation Period, Specified Time or Zurich 
Banking Day are necessary in order to implement the Replacement Rate as SARON, 
such definitions will be amended as contemplated in Condition 18 to reflect such 
changes, and (4) the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Calculation 
Agent, the Agent and the other Paying Agents, if any, and, in accordance with 
Condition 17, the Noteholders, specifying the Replacement Rate, as well as the details 
described in sub-clause (1) above, and the amendments implemented pursuant to 
Condition 18. Any determination to be made by the Replacement Rate Agent pursuant 
to this Condition 6.2(b)(v)(F), including any determination with respect to a rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date 
and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be 
made in the sole discretion of the Replacement Rate Agent acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner. 
(vi) 
Determination of Replacement Rate 
Where Replacement Rate Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, notwithstanding Condition 6.2(b)(ii) (in the case of Floating Rate Notes other than 
where the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SOFR or SARON Compounded), if the 
Replacement Rate Agent determines at any time on or prior to the Specified Time on any 
Interest Determination Date that the Reference Rate (the Existing Rate) has been 
discontinued, then it will determine whether to use a substitute or successor rate for purposes

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
of determining the Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination Date and each Interest 
Determination Date thereafter that it has determined is most comparable to the Existing Rate 
had it not been discontinued. If the Replacement Rate Agent determines to use a substitute or 
successor rate pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence, it shall select such rate, 
provided that, if it determines that there is an appropriate industry-accepted successor rate to 
the Existing Rate, it shall select such industry-accepted successor rate. If the Replacement Rate 
Agent has determined a substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing (such 
rate, the Replacement Rate), for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest, (A) the 
Replacement Rate Agent will determine (x) the method for obtaining the Replacement Rate 
(including any alternative method for determining the Replacement Rate if such substitute or 
successor rate is unavailable on the relevant Interest Determination Date), which method shall 
be consistent with industry-accepted practices for the Replacement Rate, and (y) any 
adjustment factor as may be necessary to make the Replacement Rate comparable to the 
Existing Rate had it not been discontinued, consistent with industry-accepted practices for the 
Replacement Rate, (B) references to the Reference Rate in these Conditions will be deemed 
to be references to the Replacement Rate, including any alternative method for determining 
such rate and any adjustment factor as described in sub-paragraph (A) above, (C) if the 
Replacement Rate Agent determines that changes to the definitions of Business Day, Day 
Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest Period, Reference Banks (if applicable), 
Relevant Financial Centre, Observation Look-Back Period (if applicable), Relevant Screen 
Page (if applicable), Specified Time or London Banking Days (if applicable), are necessary in 
order to implement the Replacement Rate as the Reference Rate and/or changes to Condition 
6.2(b)(ii) are necessary to implement any alternative method for determining the Replacement 
Rate and/or adjustment factor as described in sub-paragraph (A) above, such definitions and/or 
Condition will be amended as contemplated in paragraph (a)(i) of Condition 18 to reflect such 
changes, and (D) the Issuer will give notice or will procure that notice is given as soon as 
practicable to the Agent and the other Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 17, 
the Noteholders, specifying the Replacement Rate, as well as the details described in sub-
paragraph (A) above and the amendments implemented pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) of 
Condition 18. Any determination to be made by the Replacement Rate Agent pursuant to this 
Condition 6.2(b)(vi), including any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be made in the sole discretion of the 
Replacement Rate Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Unless the Issuer has elected to redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 8, the Issuer 
will appoint a Replacement Rate Agent on or prior to the first Interest Determination Date 
on which the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page (or such 
replacement page on that service that displays the information) as at the Specified Time. The 
Issuer may appoint an affiliate of the Issuer or any other person as Replacement Rate Agent, 
so long as such affiliate or other person is a leading bank or financial institution that is 
experienced in the calculations and determinations to be made by the Replacement Rate Agent. 
The Issuer will notify the Noteholders of any such appointment in accordance with Condition 
17. 
 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above of this Condition 6.2 is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above of this Condition 6.2 is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed 
to be zero.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent or, where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. Where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of ISDA 
Determination, if the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and the Interest Amount for the purposes of this Condition 6.2, the Issuer will notify the Agent 
of the Rate of Interest for each relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after the determination by 
the Calculation Agent of such Rate of Interest. 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, will calculate the amount of interest (the 
Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the 
Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note or by Uncertificated 
Notes, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note or Uncertificated Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount to 
the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards 
or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form comprises more than one 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of the 
amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the 
Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 6.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis 
of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (I) the last day of the Interest Period is 
the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or 
31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered 
to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (II) the last day of the Interest Period is the last day of 
the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month)); and 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last 
day of the Interest Period unless, in the case of the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date is 
the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month). 
 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or by the 
Agent by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next 
longer, then the Calculation Agent or the Agent, as the case may be, shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
Unless the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR or SARON 
Compounded, the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, will cause the Rate of Interest 
and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified 
to (i) the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time 
being listed by no later than the first day of each Interest Period and (ii) the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 17 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth 
London Business Day thereafter. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business 
Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business in London. 
If the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR or SARON 
Compounded, the Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, any stock exchange 
on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 as soon as possible after their determination and no later than the Interest 
Payment Date related to such Interest Period after their determination. 
Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date notified in accordance with this Condition 6.2(f) may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will 
promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time 
being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17. 
 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of these Conditions by the 
Calculation Agent,  the Agent, any SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent or any Replacement Rate 
Agent shall (in the absence of wilful misconduct, bad faith and manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent, the Agent, the other Paying Agents, any SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, 
any Replacement Rate Agent and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) 
no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent or 
the Agent or any SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent or any Replacement Rate Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
6.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease to bear 
interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note has 
been received by the Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and notice to that effect has been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17. 
7 
PAYMENTS 
7.1 
Method of payment 
Subject to Condition 7.10 and as provided below: 
 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account in 
the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque 
in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to an euro account (or any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by an euro 
cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in any 
jurisdiction or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject, but without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 9, and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations 
thereof, or any agreements, law, regulation or other official guidance implementing an intergovernmental 
agreement or other intergovernmental approach thereto (collectively, FATCA). 
7.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 7.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment 
of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer 
Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America 
(including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for 
this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of 
any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the 
amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the 
sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 9) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become 
void under Condition 10) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have 
become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all 
unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect 
thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form becomes due 
and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) 
whose principal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall 
cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest 
remaining to be paid after that date is less than the principal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may 
be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer 
Note. 
7.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in bearer form 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Bearer Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, as applicable, against presentation or surrender, 
as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A 
record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, 
will be made on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
7.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Note 
at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to 
the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered 
Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the Register) at 
the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business 
in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. Notwithstanding 
the previous sentence and subject to Condition 7.10, if (i) a holder does not have a Designated Account or (ii) 
the principal amount of the Notes held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in 
any other Specified Currency), payment may instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on 
a Designated Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, Designated Account means the account (which, in 
the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by 
a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case 
of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of 
such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall 
be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments 
in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by a cheque 
in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the business day in the 
city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the relevant due date to the 
holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global 
form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close 
of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date 
(the Record Date) at his address shown in the Register on the Record Date and at his risk. Upon application of 
the holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the specified 
office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Note, 
the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any 
such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due 
on redemption) in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder who has made the initial 
application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment of the 
interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of 
the principal amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in receiving any 
amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in accordance with this Condition 
arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged 
to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered 
Notes.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
None of the Issuer or the Paying Agents and Transfer Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered 
Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
7.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note (other than a Swiss Global Note) shall be the only person entitled to receive 
payments in respect of Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, 
or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown 
in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular principal amount 
of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global 
Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in respect 
of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in respect of 
such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at such 
specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the Bearer 
Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the United 
States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full 
payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
7.6 
Payments for Notes represented by a Swiss Global Note or Uncertificated Notes 
The Issuer shall make all payments of principal and interest due under Bearer Notes represented by a Swiss 
Global Note or Uncertificated Notes to the Swiss Agent which shall, where applicable, promptly reimburse each 
other Swiss paying agent on demand for payments in respect of such Notes properly made by such other Swiss 
paying agent. Payments in respect of such Notes will be made irrespective of any present or future transfer 
restrictions and without regard to any bilateral or multilateral payment or clearing agreement which may be 
applicable at the time of such payments. The receipt by the Swiss Agent of the due and punctual payment of 
funds in Zurich shall release the Issuer from its obligations under the Notes (and any Coupons appertaining to 
them) for the payment of principal and interest to the extent of such payment. Payment of principal and/or interest 
under Swiss franc denominated Notes (and any Coupons appertaining to them) shall be payable in freely 
transferable Swiss francs, and in the case of Notes denominated in a currency other than Swiss francs in such 
other currency, which shall also be freely transferable, without collection costs in Switzerland at the specified 
offices located in Switzerland of the Swiss paying agents upon their surrender without any restrictions and 
whatever the circumstances may be, irrespective of nationality, domicile or residence of the holders of the Notes 
(and any Coupons appertaining to them) and without requiring any certification, affidavit or the fulfilment of 
any other formality. 
7.7 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder thereof 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means 
any day which (subject to Condition 10) is: 
 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation (if presentation 
is required); and 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
(iii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre 
of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
7.8 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 9; 
 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
 
the Make-Whole Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; 
 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer under or 
in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 9. 
7.9 
RMB Currency Event 
If “RMB Currency Event” is specified in the applicable Final Terms and a RMB Currency Event, as determined 
by the Issuer acting in good faith, exists on a date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon, 
the Issuer’s obligation to make a payment in RMB under the terms of the Notes may be replaced by an obligation 
to pay such amount in U.S. dollars converted using the Spot Rate for the relevant Rate Calculation Date. 
Upon the occurrence of a RMB Currency Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 stating the occurrence of the RMB Currency Event, giving details 
thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
For the purpose of this Condition and unless stated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms: 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), 
court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged 
with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong; 
Rate Calculation Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong, London and New York City; 
Rate Calculation Date means the day which is two Rate Calculation Business Days before the due date of the 
relevant payment under the Notes; 
RMB Currency Events means any one of RMB Illiquidity, RMB Non-Transferability and RMB 
Inconvertibility; 
RMB Illiquidity means the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result of which 
the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient RMB in order to make a payment under the Notes, as determined by the Issuer 
in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two independent foreign exchange dealers of 
international repute active in the RMB exchange market in Hong Kong; 
RMB Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert any 
amount due in respect of the Notes into RMB on any payment date at the general RMB exchange market in 
Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, 
rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond 
its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
RMB Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to deliver 
RMB between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong 
Kong (including where the RMB clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong is 
disrupted or suspended), other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to 
an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); and 
Spot Rate means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with Renminbi in the 
over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two Rate Calculation Business 
Days, as determined by the RMB Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate 
Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is 
available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, 
the RMB Calculation Agent shall determine the rate taking into consideration all available information which 
the RMB Calculation Agent deems relevant, including pricing information obtained from the Renminbi non- 
deliverable exchange market in Hong Kong or elsewhere and the CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate in the PRC 
domestic foreign exchange market. 
7.10 
RMB account 
All payments in RMB in respect of the Notes denominated in RMB will be made solely by credit to a RMB 
account maintained by the payee at a bank in Hong Kong or such other financial centre(s) as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations 
and guidelines issued from time to time (including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to the 
settlement of RMB in Hong Kong or any relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s)). 
8 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
8.1 
Redemption at maturity (if any) 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed by the 
Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note where a Redemption/Payment Basis other than 
100 per cent. of the principal amount has been specified in the applicable Final Terms), at 100 per cent. 
of the Calculation Amount per Calculation Amount; or 
 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note where a Redemption/Payment Basis other than 100 per cent. of the 
principal amount has been specified in the applicable Final Terms, at the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, 
in each case in the Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
8.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 8.7, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any 
time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate 
Note), on giving not less than 30 and not more than 60 days’ (or such other minimum and/or maximum period 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17, the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption): 
 
if (i) on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged to 
pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9 as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 9) or any change 
in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the 
Notes and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it; or 
 
if the Issuer is prevented by applicable tax laws from making payment of the full amount then due and 
payable.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two authorised 
persons of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of 
facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (ii) an 
opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment or become prevented by 
applicable law from making such payments, as the case may be. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to 
in Condition 8.7 together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
8.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 8.3 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the option of 
the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons or pursuant to a Make-Whole Redemption), such option being referred 
to as an Issuer Call. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Issuer Call and must be 
read in conjunction with this Condition 8.3 for full information on any Issuer Call. In particular, the applicable 
Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount, any minimum or 
maximum amount of Notes which can be redeemed and (if other than as specified below) the applicable notice 
periods. 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not 
less than 10 and not more than 60 days’ (or such other minimum and/or maximum period as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (which notices shall be 
irrevocable, shall specify the date fixed for redemption and, if any pre-conditions to such redemption are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, that such pre-conditions have been met), redeem all or some only of the 
Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a principal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
8.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Make-Whole Redemption) 
This Condition 8.4 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the option of 
the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons or pursuant to an Issuer Call) and at a Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount, such option being referred to as a Make-Whole Redemption. The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to any Make-Whole Redemption and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 8.4 
for full information on any Make-Whole Redemption. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the 
Optional Redemption Date(s), the Reference Bond(s), if applicable, the Reinvestment Margin, the Reinvestment 
Rate Determination Date, the Quotation Time, any minimum or maximum amount of Notes which can be 
redeemed, the Calculation Agent and (if other than as specified below) the applicable notice periods. 
If Make-Whole Redemption is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than 10 and not more than 60 days’ (or such other minimum and/or maximum period as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (which 
notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes 
then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption must be of a principal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than 
the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purpose of this Condition 8.4, Make-Whole Redemption Amount means in respect of each Note (a) 
the outstanding principal amount of that Note or (b) if higher, the aggregate present value, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on that Note (not including 
any portion of such payments of interest accrued to the relevant Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date at the Reinvestment Rate (as determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Reinvestment Rate Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the basis of the same 
frequency and by reference to the same day count fraction as is applicable to such payments on the Reference 
Bond, 
where:

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
Reference Bond(s) means the security or securities specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
securities are so specified, the security or securities, as selected by the Calculation Agent, that would be utilised, 
as at the Reinvestment Rate Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the 
remaining term of the Notes; 
Reference Bond Price means for each Reference Bond (i) the arithmetic average of five Reference Market 
Maker Quotations for the relevant Optional Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference 
Market Maker Quotations, (ii) if the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than five, but more than one, such 
Reference Market Maker Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one such 
Reference Market Maker Quotation is obtained, the amount of the Reference Market Maker Quotation so 
obtained; 
Reference Market Maker Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Market Maker and any Optional 
Redemption Date, the average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the 
relevant Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to 
the Calculation Agent at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Market Maker means five brokers or market makers of securities such as the relevant Reference 
Bond selected by the Calculation Agent or such other five persons operating in the market for securities such as 
the Reference Bond as are selected by the Calculation Agent; and 
Reinvestment Rate means, with respect to any Optional Redemption Date (i) the rate per annum equal to the 
equivalent yield to maturity of the Reference Bond or, if there is more than one Reference Bond, the arithmetic 
average of the equivalent yields to maturity of the Reference Bonds, interpolated on a straight-line basis in 
accordance with customary financial practice, calculated on the Reinvestment Rate Determination Date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms using a price for each Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of the principal 
amount of the Reference Bond(s)) equal to its Reference Bond Price for such Optional Redemption Date, plus 
(ii) the Reinvestment Margin. 
8.5 
Partial redemption at the option of the Issuer 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes pursuant to Conditions 8.3 and 8.4 above, the Notes to be redeemed 
(Redeemed Notes) will (i) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected 
individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption, (ii) in the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or 
a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion) and (iii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by 
Uncertificated Notes, be selected in accordance with the rules of the Intermediary (to be reflected in the records 
of the Intermediary as a reduction in principal amount). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 17 
not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
8.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 8.6 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the option of 
the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an Investor Put. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 8.6 for full information on 
any Investor Put. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the 
Optional Redemption Amount and the applicable notice periods. 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving 
to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 17 not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum 
period of notice set out in the applicable Final Terms the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such 
Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. Registered Notes may be redeemed under this 
Condition 8.6 in any multiple of their lowest Specified Denomination. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in definitive 
form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal 
business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly 
completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified 
office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be 
made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the principal amount thereof to be redeemed 
and, if less than the full principal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address 
to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in 
accordance with Condition 2.2. If this Note is in definitive form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this 
Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put 
Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive 
form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this 
Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice 
being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if this Note is represented by a Global Note, the terms of 
which require presentation for recording changes to its principal amount, at the same time present or procure the 
presentation of the relevant Global Note to the Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 8.6 shall be irrevocable except where, 
prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event such 
holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 
8.6 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 11. 
8.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 8.2 and Condition 11: 
 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount; and 
 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP × (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 (in 
which case the numerator is equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year 
consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360, or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
8.8 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise. 
Any purchase shall be made in accordance with applicable laws or regulations, including (without limitation) 
applicable stock exchange regulations. 
The Notes so purchased, while held by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, shall not entitle the 
Noteholder to vote at any meetings of the Noteholders and shall not be deemed to be outstanding for the purposes 
of calculating quorums at meetings of the Noteholders or for the purposes of Condition 18. Notes so purchased 
may be held, resold or surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
8.9 
Cancellation

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes 
purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 8.8 (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled 
therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
8.10 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note pursuant 
to Condition 8.1, 8.2, 8.3 or 8.6 or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 11 is 
improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the 
amount calculated as provided in Condition 8.7(b) as though the references therein to the date fixed for the 
redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by 
references to the date which is the earlier of: 
 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Notes has been received by the Agent or the Registrar and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17. 
9 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and Coupons shall be 
made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any governmental or other taxing 
authority unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In the event that any such withholding or 
deduction is imposed in respect of the Notes or Coupons by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction, the Issuer will 
pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the 
Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest 
which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable by the Issuer 
to any such holder on account of: 
 
any such taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges imposed in respect of such Note or 
Coupon by reason of the holder thereof having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the 
mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
 
any such taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges imposed in respect of such Note or 
Coupon presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting the 
same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in 
Condition 7.7); or 
 
any such taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges imposed in respect of such Note or 
Coupon where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to laws enacted by 
Switzerland changing the Swiss withholding tax system from an issuer-based system to a paying-agent-
based system pursuant to which a person in Switzerland other than the Issuer is required to withhold 
tax on any interest payments; or 
 
any such taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges imposed in respect of such Note or 
Coupon where such withholding or deduction is required by the Swiss Withholding Tax Act of 13th 
October 1965 (Bundesgesetz über die Verrechnungssteuer vom 13. Oktober 1965) and such Notes are 
issued by Credit Suisse AG, acting through its Zurich head office; 
 
any such taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges imposed in respect of such Note or 
Coupon issued by the Issuer acting through its Sydney branch if the holder thereof is an Australian 
resident holder or non-resident holder carrying on business in Australia at or through a permanent 
establishment of the non-resident in Australia, if that holder has not supplied an appropriate tax file 
number, an Australian business number or other exemption details; or  
 
any such taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges imposed in respect of such Note or 
Coupon issued by the Issuer acting through its Sydney branch to, or a third party on behalf of, the holder 
thereof where that holder is an associate (as that term is defined in section 128F of the Income Tax 
Assessment Act 1936 (Australia)) of the Sydney branch of the Issuer and the payment being sought is

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
not, or will not be, exempt from withholding tax because of section 128F(6) of the Income Tax 
Assessment Act 1936 (Australia); or 
 
any such taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges imposed in respect of such Note or 
Coupon, issued by the Issuer acting through its New York branch, by reason of the holder thereof having 
some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon, including, 
without limitation, such holder being considered (i) as being or having been a controlled foreign 
corporation or a passive foreign investment company each as defined for United States federal income 
tax purposes, a corporation that has accumulated earnings to avoid United States federal income tax or 
a private foundation or other tax-exempt organisation; or (ii) an actual or a constructive “10-percent 
shareholder” of the Issuer as defined in Section 871(h)(3) of the Code; or 
 
any such taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges imposed in respect of such Note or 
Coupon issued by the Issuer acting through its New York branch that would not have been imposed or 
withheld but for the failure of the holder, if required, to comply with certification, identification or 
information reporting or any other requirements under United States income tax laws and regulations, 
without regard to any tax treaty, with respect to the payment, concerning the nationality, residence, 
identity or connection with the United States of the holder or a beneficial owner of such Note or Coupon, 
if such compliance is required by United States income tax laws and regulations, without regard to any 
tax treaty, as a precondition to relief or exemption from such tax, assessment or governmental charge, 
including failure of the Noteholder or Couponholder or of the beneficial owner of such Note or Coupon, 
to provide a valid U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Form W-8BEN (or successor or substitute 
therefor) or other documentation as permitted by official IRS guidance; or 
 
any such taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges imposed in respect of such Note or 
Coupon issued by the Issuer acting through its New York branch that are payable otherwise than by 
withholding by the Issuer acting through its New York branch or by a Paying Agent from the payment 
of the principal of or interest on such Note or Coupon; or 
 
any such taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges imposed in respect of such Note or 
Coupon issued by the Issuer acting through its Tokyo branch which are payable by or on behalf of any 
holder thereof who would otherwise be exempted from any such deduction or withholding but who fails 
to comply with any applicable requirement to provide Interest Recipient Information (as defined below) 
or to submit a Claim for Exemption (as defined below) to the Paying Agent to whom the Note is 
presented, or whose Interest Recipient Information is not duly communicated through the Participant 
(as defined below) and the relevant international clearing system to such Paying Agent; or 
 
any such taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges imposed in respect of such Note or 
Coupon issued by the Issuer acting through its Tokyo branch which are payable by or on behalf of any 
holder thereof (i) who is for Japanese tax purposes treated as a resident of Japan or a Japanese 
corporation (except for a Designated Financial Institution (as defined below) that complies with the 
requirement to provide Interest Recipient Information or to submit a Claim for Exemption) or (ii) who 
has a special relationship with the Issuer as described in Article 6, paragraph 4 of the Special Taxation 
Measures Act of Japan (Act No. 26 of 1957, as amended) (the Special Taxation Measures Act) (a 
Specially-related Person of the Issuer); or 
 
any such taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges imposed in respect of such Note or 
Coupon issued by the Issuer acting through its Tokyo branch which are payable where the amount of 
interest on the Notes is to be calculated by reference to certain indices (as prescribed under the cabinet 
order no. 43 of 1957 (the Cabinet Order) relating to Article 6 paragraph 4 of the Special Taxation 
Measures Act) relating to the Issuer or a Specially-related Person of the Issuer; or 
 
any combination of two or more items (a) through (l) above. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, in no event will the Issuer be required to pay any 
additional amounts in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons for, or on account of, any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to FATCA. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means Switzerland and the jurisdiction where the Designated Branch (if any) is 
located, including any authority thereof or therein having power to tax; and

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent or the Registrar, as the case 
may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having 
been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
17. 
In the case of Notes issued by the Issuer acting through its Tokyo branch, where such Note or Coupon is held 
through a participant of an international clearing organization or a financial intermediary (each a Participant), 
in order to receive payments free of deduction or withholding by the Issuer for, or on account of, taxes, if the 
holder thereof is (a) a non-resident of Japan or a non-Japanese corporation which is not a Specially-related Person 
of the Issuer within the meaning of the Special Taxation Measures Act or (b) a Japanese financial institution 
falling under certain categories prescribed by the Special Taxation Measures Act and the Cabinet Order 
thereunder, as amended (together with the ministerial ordinance and other regulation thereunder, the Act) (a 
Designated Financial Institution), all in accordance with the Special Taxation Measures Act, such holder shall, 
at the time of entrusting a Participant with the custody of the Note or Coupon, provide certain information 
prescribed by the Special Taxation Measures Act to enable the Participant to establish that such holder is 
exempted from the requirement for taxes to be deducted or withheld (the Interest Recipient Information) and 
advise the Participant if the holder ceases to be so exempted. 
Where such Note or Coupon is not held by a Participant, in order to receive payments free of deduction or 
withholding by the Issuer for, or an account of, taxes, if the holder thereof is (a) a non-resident of Japan or a non-
Japanese corporation which is not a Specially-related Person of the Issuer within the meaning of the Special 
Taxation Measures Act or (b) a Designated Financial Institution, all in accordance with the Act, such holder shall 
on or prior to each time on which it receives interest, submit to the relevant Paying Agent a claim for exemption 
from withholding tax (Hikazei Tekiyo Shinkokusho) (a Claim for Exemption) stating, inter alia, the name and 
address of the holder, the title of the Note or Coupon, the relevant Interest Payment Date, the amount of interest 
and the fact that the holder is qualified to submit the Claim for Exemption, together with documentary evidence 
regarding its identity and residence. 
10 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for payment of principal and interest under the Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) will become 
void unless made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) 
after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 7.2 or any Talon which 
would be void pursuant to Condition 7.2. 
11 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT  
An (Event of Default) means any of the following events: 
 
Non-payment of interest 
the Issuer fails to pay in the Specified Currency any interest on any of the Notes when due and such 
failure continues for a period of 30 days; or 
 
Non-payment of principal 
the Issuer fails to pay in the Specified Currency the principal of any of the Notes when due and such 
failure continues for a period of 30 days; or 
 
Breach of other obligations 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations under the Notes 
which default is not remedied within 60 days after written notice of such default stating that such notice 
is a “Notice of Default” shall have been given to the Issuer and the Agent at its specified office by any 
Noteholder; or 
 
Insolvency 
(i) 
the Issuer is (or is deemed by a court of competent jurisdiction to be) insolvent or bankrupt or 
unable to pay its debts as they fall due, makes a general assignment or an arrangement or

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors generally or a moratorium is agreed or 
declared in respect of the debts of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer commences a voluntary case or proceeding under any applicable bankruptcy, 
insolvency, reorganisation or similar law to be adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt, or consents 
to the entry of a decree or order for relief in any involuntary case or proceeding under any such 
law; or 
 
Winding-up 
an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer, except 
for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or 
consolidation where all of the assets of the Issuer are transferred to, and all of its debts and liabilities 
are assumed by, a continuing entity. 
If an Event of Default described in clause (a), (b) or (c) of this Condition 11 occurs and is continuing, and unless 
the entire aggregate principal amount of the Notes has already become due and payable, the Noteholders holding 
at least 25 per cent. in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes may, by notice in writing given to 
the Issuer and the Agent at its specified office, declare all the Notes to be immediately due and payable, 
whereupon they shall become immediately due and payable at their principal amount together with accrued 
interest without further formality unless such Event of Default shall have been remedied prior to the receipt of 
such notice by the Agent. 
If an Event of Default described in clause (d) or (e) of this Condition 11 occurs, then the Notes will become 
immediately due and payable at their principal amount together with accrued interest without any notice or other 
action by any Noteholder, to the full extent permitted by applicable law. 
Upon the Notes becoming immediately due and payable under this Condition 11, the Issuer will give notice of 
this fact to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17. 
12 
SUBSTITUTION 
12.1 
This has been intentionally deleted. 
12.2 
This has been intentionally deleted. 
12.3 
Issuing Branch Substitution 
This Condition 12.3 applies only to Notes issued by the Issuer acting through a Designated Branch. 
For so long as any of the Notes or Coupons are outstanding, the Issuer may at any time, without the consent of 
the Noteholders, upon giving no more than 30 and no less than 10 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 17, (i) cease to make payments of principal, interest and any other amounts due under the Notes 
and fulfil any of its other obligations and exercise any of its other rights and powers in respect of, or arising 
under, the Notes through its head office or the Designated Branch, as applicable and (ii) commence making such 
payments, fulfilling such other obligations and exercising such powers and rights through its head office or one 
of its, or one of its other, branches, as applicable (an Issuing Branch Substitution), provided that: 
 
the Issuer is not in default of any amount payable under the Notes; 
 
the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 
9 after giving effect to such Issuing Branch Substitution that it would not have been required to pay if 
such Issuing Branch Substitution had not occurred; and 
 
if then required under Swiss banking laws applicable to the Issuer from time to time, the Regulator has 
approved such Issuing Branch Substitution. 
Upon an Issuing Branch Substitution taking place pursuant to this Condition 12.3, references to the “Issuer” in 
the Conditions, the Notes and the Agency Agreement shall be construed as references to the Issuer acting through 
its head office or such, or such other, branch, as applicable, and references to the “Designated Branch” shall be 
construed accordingly as if it had been indicated in the applicable Final Terms that in issuing the Notes the Issuer 
was acting through its head office or such branch. 
In these Conditions:

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
FINMA means the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA and any successor thereto; and 
Regulator means FINMA or such other national regulatory body having the leading authority to supervise and 
regulate the Issuer with respect to its consolidated capital adequacy at the relevant time. 
13 
This has been intentionally deleted. 
14 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) or the Registrar or Swiss Registrar, 
as applicable (in the case of Registered Notes), upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may 
be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15 
PAYING AGENTS AND TRANSFER AGENTS 
The initial Paying Agents and Transfer Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed 
in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent or Transfer Agents (including 
in circumstances where any Paying Agent or Registrar does not become, or ceases to be, a Participating FFI) 
and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents and Transfer Agents and/or approve any change in the specified 
office through which any Paying Agent or Transfer Agents acts, provided that: 
 
there will at all times be an Agent and a Registrar; 
 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and a Transfer Agent 
(in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules 
and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; and 
 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within continental Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
So long as any Swiss franc denominated Notes are admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, 
the Issuer will at all times maintain a Swiss Agent having a specified office in Switzerland. At no time will the 
Issuer maintain a Paying Agent having a specified office outside of Switzerland in respect of Swiss franc 
denominated Notes admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in the 
circumstances described in Condition 7.5. Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying 
Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 17. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents and Transfer Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer 
and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent or Transfer 
Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of 
its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
In the Conditions: 
FFI means a “foreign financial institution” as such term is defined pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 (inclusive) 
of the Code and any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof. 
Participating FFI means an FFI that is a “participating foreign financial institution” as from the effective date 
of withholding on “passthru payments” (as such terms are defined pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 (inclusive) 
of the Code and any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof). 
16 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the 
Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
(and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a 
further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 10. 
17 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes (other than Swiss Notes) will be deemed to be validly given if published 
(a) in a leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London it being expected that any 
such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London, or (b) if and for so long as the 
Bearer Notes are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg, 
it being expected that such publication will be made in the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt in Luxembourg 
or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or (c) if and so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange and so long as the rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange 
so require, either (i) by means of electronic publication on the internet website of the SIX Swiss Exchange 
(www.six-group.com, where notices are currently published under the address https://www.six-
group.com/en/products-services/the-swiss-stock-exchange/market-data/news-tools/official-notices.html#/) 
or 
(ii) otherwise in accordance with the regulations of the SIX Swiss Exchange. The Issuer shall also ensure that 
notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading 
including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those 
rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required 
to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Swiss Notes will be deemed to be validly given if given (a) if and so long as such Notes 
are admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange and so long as the rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange 
so require, either (i) by means of electronic publication on the internet website of the SIX Swiss Exchange 
(www.six-group.com, where notices are currently published under the address https://www.six-
group.com/en/products-services/the-swiss-stock-exchange/market-data/news-tools/official-notices.html#/) 
or 
(ii) otherwise in accordance with the regulations of the SIX Swiss Exchange, and (b) if such Notes are not 
admitted to trading or listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, by communication through the Agent to SIS (or such 
other Intermediary) for forwarding to the Noteholders. In the case of clause (a), any notice so given shall be 
deemed to be validly given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once, on the date of the 
first such publication. In the case of clause (b), any notice so given shall be deemed to be validly given with the 
communication to SIS (or such other Intermediary). The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published 
in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Swiss 
Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the 
website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail or (if 
posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at their respective 
addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after mailing and, 
in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange or admitted to trading by another 
relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be 
published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing the Notes 
are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such 
aforementioned publication in such newspaper(s) or such website(s) or such mailing the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes 
and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another 
relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be 
published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given to the holders of the Notes on the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the case 
of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or 
Uncertificated Notes) or the Registrar or Swiss Registrar, as applicable (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst 
any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
as the Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve 
for this purpose. 
18 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
Schedule 4 of the Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes the Coupons or 
any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be 
convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in principal 
amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution is two or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in principal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any 
meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons 
(including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or 
cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency 
of payment of the Notes or the Coupons, modifying the provisions concerning the quorum required at any 
meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution), the quorum shall be two 
or more persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters in principal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting two or more persons holding or representing not less than 
one-quarter in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Agency Agreement provides 
that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a 
majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing 
signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) 
(in a form satisfactory to the Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in principal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all 
the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting and whether or not they voted on the resolution, 
and on all Couponholders. 
The Swiss statutory rules on bondholder meetings will, if Schedule 4 of the Agency Agreement is specified as 
not being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, apply instead of the above provisions. In such case, the 
provisions on bondholder meetings contained in article 1157 et seq. of the Swiss Code of Obligations of 30 
March 1911 (as amended) will apply, and (i) such provisions will apply in relation to meetings of Noteholders 
instead of the provisions described in the paragraph immediately above and this Condition 18 will be construed 
accordingly, and (ii) any amendments described in the paragraph immediately above may only be done without 
the consent of the Noteholders if such consent is not required by mandatory provisions of Swiss law and this 
Condition 18 will be construed accordingly. 
The Agency Agreement may be amended by all the parties to it, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, either: 
 
(i) for the purpose of making such amendments to the terms of the Notes that the Issuer considers 
necessary or desirable to give effect to any Replacement Rate determined by the Replacement Rate 
Agent pursuant to Condition 6.2(b)(v), or any SOFR Benchmark Replacement determined by the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent pursuant to Condition 6.2(b)(iv), or any Recommended Replacement 
Rate or the SNB Policy Rate, if the Calculation Agent is required to use a Recommended Replacement 
Rate or the SNB Policy Rate pursuant to sub-clause (3)(x) or (3)(y) of the definition of “SARON” for 
purposes of determining SARON for any Zurich Banking Day, or (ii) for the purpose of curing any 
ambiguity or of curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision contained in the Agency 
Agreement; or 
 
in any manner which the parties may mutually deem necessary or desirable and which shall not be 
inconsistent with any other condition of the Agency Agreement and shall not be materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such modification 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
19 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
The Specified Currency is (save as provided in Condition 7.9) the sole currency of account and payment for all 
sums payable by the Issuer under or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, including damages. Any 
amount received or recovered in a currency other than the Specified Currency (save as provided in Condition 
7.9) (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the 
winding up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by any Noteholder or Couponholder in respect of any sum 
expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the amount 
of the Specified Currency which the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in 
that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on 
that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If that Specified Currency amount is less than the 
Specified Currency amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Note or Coupon, the Issuer shall 
indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the recipient 
against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this Condition, it will be sufficient for the 
Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual 
purchase been made. The indemnities under this Condition 19 will (i) constitute a separate and independent 
obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations under these Conditions, (ii) give rise to a separate and independent 
cause of action, (iii) apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder or Couponholder and (iv) 
continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in 
respect of any sum due under any Note or Coupon or any other judgment or order. 
20 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to 
create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save 
for the issue date, the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest 
starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
21 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available apart 
from that Act. 
22 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
22.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
22.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, that the courts of 
England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes 
and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) and accordingly submits to the jurisdiction of the English courts. 
The Issuer waives any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or 
inappropriate forum. To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, may take any suit, 
action or proceedings (together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the Notes and 
the Coupons (including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and the Coupons), against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction and 
concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
22.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer has appointed Credit Suisse AG, London Branch at its registered office at One Cabot Square, London 
E14 4QJ as its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the event of Credit Suisse AG, London Branch 
ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of 
process in England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in 
any other manner permitted by law. 
22.4 
Other documents

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of the English 
courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes. The 
net proceeds from each issue of Notes of Credit Suisse AG acting through a Designated Branch outside of Switzerland 
will be applied by the Issuer outside Switzerland unless and to the extent application in Switzerland is permitted under 
the Swiss taxation laws in force from time to time without payments in respect of the Notes becoming subject to 
withholding or deduction for Swiss withholding tax as a consequence of such use of proceeds in Switzerland. If, in respect 
of any particular issue of Notes, there is a particular identified use of proceeds (including, in the case of Notes issued as 
“green”, “social”, “environmental” or “sustainable” bonds, any intended specified use of proceeds), this will be stated in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
CREDIT SUISSE AG 
Structure and Business of CS 
CS is a wholly-owned bank subsidiary of CSG, which is a holding company registered in Switzerland. The 
business of CS and its consolidated subsidiaries (together, the CS Group) is substantially the same as the business of the 
Group, and substantially all of CS Group’s operations are conducted through the Swiss Universal Bank, International 
Wealth Management, Asia Pacific and the Investment Bank segments. 
All references to the Group in the description of the business are describing the consolidated businesses carried 
on by CSG and its subsidiaries. For more information on the differences between CSG and CS, refer to “II—Operating 
and Financial review—Credit Suisse—Group and Bank differences” in the Annual Report 2020. The Group’s strategy 
builds on its core strengths: its position as a leading global wealth manager, its specialist investment banking capabilities 
and its strong presence in its home market of Switzerland. The Group seeks to follow a balanced approach with its wealth 
management activities, aiming to capitalise on both the large pool of wealth within mature markets as well as the 
significant growth in wealth in Asia Pacific and other emerging markets. Founded in 1856, the Group today has a global 
reach with operations in about 50 countries and, as of 31st March 2021, had 49,090 employees from over 150 different 
nations. The Group’s broad footprint helps it to generate a more geographically balanced stream of revenues and net new 
assets and allows it to capture growth opportunities around the world. The Group serves its clients through three regionally 
focused divisions: Swiss Universal Bank, International Wealth Management and Asia Pacific. These regional businesses 
are supported by its Investment Bank division. The Group’s business divisions cooperate closely to provide holistic 
financial solutions, including innovative products and specially tailored advice. Effective 1st April 2021, the Asset 
Management business has been separated from the International Wealth Management division and is managed as a new 
division of the Group. The Group’s Asset Management division offers investment solutions and services globally to a 
broad range of clients, including pension funds, governments, foundations and endowments, corporations and individuals. 
Swiss Universal Bank 
The Swiss Universal Bank division offers comprehensive advice and a wide range of financial solutions to 
private, corporate and institutional clients primarily domiciled in the Group’s home market of Switzerland, which offers 
attractive growth opportunities and where the Group can build on a strong market position across its key businesses. Its 
Private Clients business has a leading franchise in the Swiss home market and serves ultra-high-net-worth individual, 
high-net-worth individual, affluent and retail clients. Its Corporate & Institutional Clients business serves large corporate 
clients, small and medium-sized enterprises, institutional clients, external asset managers, financial institutions and 
commodity traders. 
International Wealth Management 
The International Wealth Management division through its Private Banking business offers comprehensive 
advisory services and tailored investment and financing solutions to wealthy private clients and external asset managers 
in Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Latin America, utilising comprehensive access to the broad spectrum of the 
Group’s global resources and capabilities as well as a wide range of proprietary and third-party products and services. 
Effective 1st April 2021, the Asset Management business has been separated from the International Wealth Management 
division and is managed as a new division of the Group. 
Asia Pacific 
The Asia Pacific division delivers an integrated wealth management, financing, underwriting and advisory 
offering to its target ultra-high-net-worth, entrepreneur and corporate clients. The Asia Pacific division provides a 
comprehensive suite of wealth management products and services to its clients in Asia Pacific and provides a broad range 
of advisory services related to debt and equity underwriting of public offerings and private placements as well as mergers 
and acquisitions. Its close collaboration with the Investment Bank supports and enables wealth management activities in 
the region through the delivery of holistic, innovative products and tailored advice. 
Investment Bank 
The Investment Bank division delivers client-centric sales and trading products, services and solutions across all 
asset classes and regions as well as advisory, underwriting and financing services. Its range of products and services 
includes global securities sales, trading and execution, prime brokerage, capital raising and comprehensive corporate 
advisory services. Additionally, the Global Trading Solutions platform provides centralised trading and sales services to 
the Group’s other business divisions. The Investment Bank division’s clients include financial institutions and sponsors, 
corporations, governments, ultra-high-net-worth individuals, sovereigns and institutional investors.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
Management of CS 
Board of Directors of CS (the Board) 
The members of the Board as of the date of this Base Prospectus are listed below. As of the date hereof, the composition 
of the Executive Board of CS and the Executive Board of CSG is identical, with the exception of Mr. Helfenstein, who 
is a member of the Executive Board of CSG, but not of CS. For purposes of the table below only, references to the 
“Executive Board” are to both the Executive Board of CS and the Executive Board of CSG, except as otherwise 
specified. 
 
Name 
Business address 
Position held 
António Horta Osório 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
Professional history 
04/2021 – present: Credit Suisse 
Member of the Board (04/2021 – present) 
Chair of the Board (04/2021 – present) 
Chair of the Board and Governance 
Nominations 
Committee 
(04/2021 – present) 
Member of the Sustainability Advisory 
Committee (04/2021 – present) 
2011 – 2021: Lloyds Banking Group 
Group Chief Executive 
2009 – 2011: Bank of England 
Court of Directors 
1993 – 2010: Grupo Santander 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer, 
Santander 
UK/Abbey (2006 – 2010) 
Executive Vice President, Banco Santander 
Spain (2000 – 2010 
Chief Executive Officer, Banco Santander 
Totta Portugal (2000 – 2006) 
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, 
Banco Santander Brazil (1997 – 1999, Chair 
to 2000) 
Chief Executive Officer, Banco Santander 
de Negócios Portugal (1993 –  1996) 
1991 – 1993: Goldman Sachs 
Corporate Finance, UK and USA 
1987 – 1991: Citibank Portugal 
Head Capital Markets 
Education 
2003 
Advanced 
Management 
Program, 
Harvard Business School, USA 
1991 MBA, INSEAD, Fontainebleau, France 
1987 Degree in Management & Business 
Administration, 
Universidade 
Católica 
Portuguesa, Lisbon, Portugal 
Other activities and functions 
Exor, non-executive director 
Fundação 
Champalimaud, 
non-executive 
director 
Sociedade Francisco Manuel dos Santos BV, 
non-executive director 
Stitching/Enable INPAR NV, non-executive 
director 
Wallace Collection, chairman of the Board of 
Trustees 
BIAL, chaiman designate

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
Name 
Business address 
Position held 
Institute of International Finance, board 
member* 
European Financial Services Roundtable, 
member* 
 
*Mr. Horta Osório performs functions in these 
organisations in his capacity as Chairman of 
the Group 
Iris Bohnet 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
Professional history 
2012 – present: Credit Suisse 
Member of the Board (2012 – present) 
Member of the Compensation Committee 
(2012 – present) 
Chair 
of 
the 
Sustainability 
Advisory 
Committee (2021 – present) 
Member of the Innovation and Technology 
Committee (2015 – present) 
1998 – present: Harvard Kennedy School 
Academic Dean (2018 – present, 2011 – 
2014) 
Albert Pratt Professor of Business and 
Government (2018 – present) 
Director of the Women and Public Policy 
Program (2008 – present) 
Professor of public policy (2006 – 2018) 
Associate 
professor 
of 
public 
policy 
(2003 – 2006) 
Assistant 
professor 
of 
public 
policy 
(1998 – 2003) 
1997 – 1998: Haas School of Business, 
University of California at Berkeley 
Visiting scholar 
Education 
1997 Doctorate in Economics, University of 
Zurich, Switzerland 
1992 Master’s degree in Economic History, 
Economics and Political Science, University 
of Zurich, Switzerland 
Other activities and functions 
Publicis Groupe Diversity Progress Council, 
member 
Economic Dividends for Gender Equality 
(EDGE), advisory board member 
We Shape Tech, advisory board member 
Women in Banking and Finance, patron 
UK Government’s Equalities Office/BIT, 
advisor 
Take The Lead Women, advisor 
G-7 Gender Equality Advisory Council, 
member

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
Name 
Business address 
Position held 
Clare Brady 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland  
Professional history 
04/2021 - present: Credit Suisse 
Member of the Board (04/2021 - present) 
Member 
of 
the 
Audit 
Committee 
(04/2021 – present) 
Member of the Conduct and Financial 
Crime Committee (04/2021 – present) 
2014 - 2017: International Monetary Fund 
(IMF) 
Director of Internal Audit 
2009 - 2013: World Bank Group 
Vice President and Auditor General 
2005 - 2009: Deutsche Bank AG 
Managing Director, Group Audit, Asia 
Pacific Regional Head (2007 – 2009) 
Managing Director, Group Audit, UK 
Regional Head and Business Partner for 
Global Banking and Chief Administration 
Officer (2005 – 2006) 
2002 - 2005: Bank of England 
The Auditor 
2001 - 2002: Barclays Capital 
Global Head of Internal Audit 
2000 - 2001: HSBC 
Global Head of Compliance, Private 
Banking 
1995 - 2000: Safra Republic Holdings 
Chief Auditor 
1995 - 2000: Republic National Bank of New 
York (RNBNY) 
Director of European Audit, Senior Vice 
President 
Prior to 1995: 
First National Bank of Chicago 
Vice President and Regional Head of 
Europe and Asia Pacific 
Bank of New York 
Auditor 
National Audit Office, UK 
Auditor 
Education 
1994 Chartered Governance Professional 
(ACG), Chartered Governance Institute, UK 
1987 
Bachelor 
of 
Science 
(B.Sc.) in 
Economics, London School of Economics, 
UK 
Other activities and functions 
The Golden Charter Trust Limited, trustee and 
member of the Audit Committee 
International Federation of Red Cross and Red 
Cross Societies (IFRC), member of the Audit 
and Risk Commission 
Fidelity Asian Values PLC, non-executive 
director and member of Audit Committee 
Christian Gellerstad 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Professional history 
2019 – present: Credit Suisse 
Member of the Board (2019 – present)

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
Name 
Business address 
Position held 
Switzerland  
Chair of the Conduct and Financial Crime 
Control 
Committee 
(2020 – present, 
member since 2019) 
Member 
of 
the 
Governance 
and 
Nominations Committee (2020 – present) 
Member of the Compensation Committee 
(2019 – present) 
Member of the board of Credit Suisse 
(Schweiz) AG, (Swiss subsidiary) (2021 – 
present) 
1994 – 2018: Pictet Group 
CEO, Pictet Wealth management (2007 – 
2018) 
Executive Committee Member, Banque 
Pictet & Cie SA, Geneva (2013 – 2018) 
Equity Partner, Pictet Group (2006 – 2018) 
CEO and Managing Director, Banque Pictet 
& 
Cie 
(Europe) 
S.A., 
Luxembourg 
(2000 – 2007) 
Deputy CEO and Senior Vice President, 
Pictet Bank & Trust Ltd., Bahamas (1996 – 
2000) 
Financial Analyst & Portfolio Manager, 
Pictet & Cie, Geneva (1994 – 1996) 
Before 1994: Cargill International 
Emerging Markets Trader 
Education 
2019 Board Director Diploma, International 
Institute 
for 
Management 
Development 
(IMD), Switzerland 
1996 
Certified 
International 
Investment 
Analyst (CIIA) & Certified Portfolio Manager 
and Financial Analyst (AZEK) 
1993 Master in Business Administration and 
Economics, University of St. Gallen (HSG), 
Switzerland 
Other activities and functions 
Investis Holding SA, board member 
Elatior SA, chairman 
Nubica SA, board member 
Taurus Group SA, board member 
FAVI SA, board member 
AFICA SA, board member 
Tsampéhro SA, board member  
Michael Klein 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
Professional history 
2018 – present: Credit Suisse 
Member of the Board (2018 – present) 
Member of the Compensation Committee 
(2019 – present) 
Member 
of 
the 
Risk 
Committee 
(2018 – 2021) 
2010 – present: M Klein & Company 
Managing Partner 
1985 – 2008: Citigroup 
Vice Chairman 
Chairman Institutional Clients Group 
Chairman & Co-CEO Markets & Banking 
Co-President Markets & Banking

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
Name 
Business address 
Position held 
CEO, Global Banking 
CEO Markets and Banking EMEA 
Various senior management positions 
Education 
1985 Bachelor of Science in Economics 
(Finance and Accounting), The Wharton 
School, University of Pennsylvania, United 
States 
Other activities and functions 
MultiPlan, board member 
Churchill Capital Corp. II, IV, V, VI, VII, 
board member 
TBG Europe NV, board member 
edX, board member 
Chatham House, senior advisor 
Harvard Global Advisory Board, member 
Investments Committee & Joint Staff Pension 
Fund, United Nations, advisory board member 
Peterson Institute for International Economics, 
board member 
The World Food Programme, investment 
advisory board member 
Conservation International, board member 
Horace Mann School, board of trustees 
member  
Shan Li 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
Professional history 
2019 – present: Credit Suisse 
Member of the Board (2019 – present) 
Member 
of 
the 
Risk 
Committee 
(2019 – present) 
2015 – present: 
Silk 
Road 
Finance 
Corporation Limited, Hong Kong 
CEO 
2010 – present: 
Chinastone 
Capital 
Management Limited, Shanghai 
Chairman and CEO 
2005 – present: San Shan Capital Partners, 
Hong Kong 
Founding Partner 
1998 – present: Fang Holdings Limited 
Co-founder 
2013 – 2015: China Development Bank, 
Beijing 
Chief International Business Adviser 
2010 – 2011: UBS Asia Investment Bank, 
Hong Kong 
Vice Chairman 
2001 – 2005: Bank of China International 
Holdings, Hong Kong 
CEO 
1999 – 2001: Lehman Brothers Asia, Hong 
Kong 
Head of China Investment Banking 
1998 – 1999: China Development Bank, 
Beijing 
Deputy 
Head 
of 
Investment 
Bank 
Preparation Leading Group

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
Name 
Business address 
Position held 
1993 – 1998: Goldman Sachs 
Executive 
Director, 
Goldman 
Sachs 
International, London (1997 – 1998) 
Executive Director, Goldman Sachs (Asia), 
Hong Kong (1995 – 1997) 
International Economist, Goldman Sachs & 
Co., New York (1993 – 1995) 
1993: Credit Suisse First Boston, New York, 
Associate 
Education 
1994 PhD in Economics, Massachusetts 
Institute of Technology (MIT), United States 
1988 MA in Economics, University of 
California, Davis, United States 
1986 Bachelor of Science in Management 
Information Systems, Tsinghua University, 
Beijing, China 
Other activities and functions 
Beijing International Wealth Management 
Institute, chairman 
CMMB Vision Holdings Ltd, member of the 
board 
Chinese Financial Association of Hong Kong, 
vice chairman 
Bauhinia Party, co-founder 
13th National Committee of the Chinese 
People’s Political Consultative Conference 
(CPPCC), member 
MIT Economics Visiting Committee, member 
Silk Road Planning Research Center, vice 
chairman 
Tsinghua Institute for Governance Studies, 
vice chairman 
MIT Sloan Finance Advisory Board, member 
National Center for Economics Research at 
Tsinghua University, deputy director  
Seraina Macia 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
Professional history 
2015 – present: Credit Suisse 
Member of the Board (2015 – present) 
Member of the Audit Committee (2021 – 
present, 2015 – 2018) 
Member 
of 
the 
Risk 
Committee 
(2018 – 2021) 
2020 – present: Joyn Insurance Services 
LLC, CEO and Co-founder  
2017 – 2020: Blackboard U.S. Holdings, Inc. 
(AIG Corporation) 
Executive Vice President of AIG & CEO of 
Blackboard 
(AIG 
technology-focused 
subsidiary; formerly Hamilton USA) 
2016 – 2017: Hamilton Insurance Group 
 CEO, Hamilton USA 
2013 – 2016: AIG Corporation 
Executive Vice President of AIG and CEO 
Regional Management & Operations of 
AIG, New York (2015 – 2016) 
CEO and President of AIG EMEA, London 
(2013 – 2016)

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
Name 
Business address 
Position held 
2010 – 2013: XL Insurance North America, 
Chief Executive 
2002 – 2010: Zurich Financial Services 
President Specialties Business Unit, Zurich 
North America Commercial, New York 
(2007 – 2010) 
CFO, Zurich North America Commercial, 
New York (2006 – 2007) 
Various positions, among others: head of the 
joint investor relations and rating agencies 
management departments; head of rating 
agencies 
management; 
senior 
investor 
relations officer (2002 – 2008) 
2000 – 2002: NZB Neue Zuercher Bank 
Founding partner and financial analyst 
1990 – 2000: Swiss Re 
Rating agency coordinator, Swiss Re Group 
(2000) 
Senior Underwriter and Deputy Head of 
Financial Products, Melbourne (1996 – 
1999) 
Various senior underwriting and finance 
positions, Zurich (1990 – 1996) 
Education 
2001 Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA), 
CFA Institute, United States 
1999 MBA, Monash Mt Eliza Business 
School, Australia 
1997 
Post-graduate 
Certificate 
in 
Management, Deakin University, Australia 
Other activities and functions 
BanQu, chair 
CFA Institute, member 
Food Bank for New York City, chair 
Blythe Masters 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland  
Professional history 
04/2021 – present: Credit Suisse 
Member of the Board (04/2021 – present) 
Member of the Risk Committee (2021 – 
present) 
Member of the Compensation Committee 
(2021 – present) 
2020 – present: Motive Capital Corporation 
(SPAC)  
CEO and board member 
2019 – present: Motive Partners 
Industry Partner 
2015 – 2018: Digital Asset Holdings LLC 
Chief Executive Officer 
1991 – 2015: J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. 
Head of Corporate & Investment Bank 
Regulatory Affairs (2010 – 2014) 
Head of Global Commodities (2007 – 2014) 
Chief Financial Officer Investment Bank 
(2004 – 2007) 
Head of Credit Policy and Strategy and 
Global Credit Portfolio (2000 – 2004)

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
Name 
Business address 
Position held 
Co-Head of Asset Backed Securitization and 
Head of Global Structured Credit (2000 – 
2002) 
Co-Head 
of 
North 
American 
Credit 
Portfolio (1998 – 2000) 
Head 
of 
Global 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Marketing (1995 – 1998) 
Education 
1991 Bachelor of Arts (BA) in Economics, 
Trinity College, Cambridge, UK 
Other activities and functions 
A.P. Møller-Maersk Group, member of the 
board of directors 
GCM Grosvenor, member of the board of 
directors and chair of the Audit Committee 
Santander Group, member of the International 
Advisory Board 
Open Digital Services, member of the board 
Richard Meddings 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
Professional history 
2020 – present: Credit Suisse 
Member of the Board (2020 – present) 
Chair (ad interim) of the Risk Committee 
(2021 – present) 
Chair of the Audit Committee (2020 – 
present) 
Member of the Sustainability Advisory 
Committee (2021 – present) 
Member of the Governance and Nominations 
Committee (2020 – present) 
Member of the Conduct and Financial Crime 
Control Committee (2020 – present) 
Member of the Risk Committee (2020 – 
present) 
2018 – present: TSB Bank plc 
Chairman 
Interim executive chairman (2018 – 2019) 
2017 – 2019: Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group 
Plc 
Non-Executive Director 
Chair of the Remuneration Committee 
Member of the Audit and Risk Committee 
2015 – 2019: Deutsche Bank AG 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Chair of the Audit Committee, member of the 
Risk Committee and member of the Strategy 
Committee 
2014 – 2017: Legal & General Group Plc 
Non-Executive Director 
Chair of the Risk Committee 
Member of the Audit and Remuneration 
Committee 
2008 – 2014: 3i Group Plc 
Non-Executive 
Director 
and 
Senior 
Independent Director 
Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee 
2002 – 2014: Standard Chartered Group plc 
Group Executive Director 
Finance Director (2006 – 2014)

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
Name 
Business address 
Position held 
2000 – 2002: Barclays Plc 
Group Financial Controller 
COO, Wealth Management Division 
1999 – 2000: Woolwich Plc 
Group Finance Director 
Prior to 1999: 
BZW (CSFB) (1996 – 1999) 
Hill Samuel Bank (1984 – 1996) 
Price Waterhouse (1980 – 1984) 
Education 
1983 UK Chartered Accountant, Institute of 
Chartered Accountants in England and Wales 
1980 MA Modern History, Exeter College, 
Oxford 
Other activities and functions 
HM Treasury Board, non-executive director 
Teach First, director and member of the Board 
of Trustees 
Hastings Educational Opportunity Area, chair 
Kai S. Nargolwala 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
Professional history 
2008 – present: Credit Suisse 
Member of the Board (2013 – present) 
Chair of the Compensation Committee 
(2017 – present, member since 2014) 
Member of the Risk Committee (2021 – 
present, 2013 – 2017) 
Member of the Conduct and Financial Crime 
Control Committee (2019 – present) 
Member 
of 
the 
Governance 
and 
Nominations Committee (2017 – present) 
Member of the Innovation and Technology 
Committee (2015 – 2021) 
Non-executive chairman of Credit Suisse’s 
Asia Pacific region (2010 – 2011) 
Member of the Executive Board of CSG and 
CS (2008 – 2010) 
CEO of Credit Suisse’s Asia Pacific region 
(2008 – 2010) 
1998 – 2007: Standard Chartered plc 
Main board executive director 
Prior to 1998: Bank of America 
Group executive vice president and head of 
Asia Wholesale Banking Group in Hong 
Kong (1990 – 1995) 
Head of High Technology Industry group in 
San Francisco and New York (1984 – 1990) 
Various management and other positions in 
the UK (1976 – 1984) 
1970 – 1976: Peat Marwick Mitchell & Co., 
London 
Accountant 
Education 
1974 Fellow of the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants (FCA), England and Wales 
1969 BA in Economics, University of Delhi, 
India

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
Name 
Business address 
Position held 
Other activities and functions 
Prudential plc/Prudential Corporation Asia 
Limited, non-executive director 
PSA International Pte. Ltd., non-executive 
director 
Temasek International Pte. Ltd., Sustainable 
Finance Steering Committee, co-chair 
Singapore Pools (Private) Limited, deputy 
chairman 
65 Equity Partners Holdings Pte. Ltd., 
chairman 
Singapore Institute of Directors, fellow 
Ana Paula Pessoa  
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
Professional history 
2018 – present: Credit Suisse 
Member of the Board (2018 – present) 
Member of the Conduct and Financial 
Crime Control Committee (2019 – present) 
Member 
of 
the 
Audit 
Committee 
(2018 – present) 
Member of the Innovation and Technology 
Committee (2018 – present) 
2017 – present: Kunumi AI 
Partner, Investor and Chair 
2015 – 2017: Olympic & Paralympic Games 
CFO of Organising Committee (2016) 
2012 – 2015: Brunswick Group 
Managing partner of Brazilian Branch 
2001 – 2011: Infoglobo Newspaper Group 
CFO and Innovation Director 
1993 – 2001: Globo Organizations 
Senior management positions in several 
media divisions 
Education 
1991 MA, FRI (Development Economics), 
Stanford University, California, United States 
1988 BA, Economics and International 
Relations, Stanford University, California, 
United States 
Other activities and functions 
Cosan, board member 
Suzano Pulp and Paper, board member 
Vinci Group, board member 
News Corporation, board member 
Global 
Advisory 
Council 
for 
Stanford 
University, member 
Instituto Atlántico de Gobierno, advisory 
board member 
Fundação Roberto Marinho, member of the 
Audit Committee 
Severin Schwan 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
Professional history 
2014 – present: Credit Suisse 
Member of the Board (2014 – present) 
Vice-Chair and Lead Independent Director 
of the Board (2017 – present) 
Member 
of 
the 
Governance 
and 
Nominations Committee (2017 – present)

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
Name 
Business address 
Position held 
Member 
of 
the 
Risk 
Committee 
(2014 – present) 
Member of the board of directors of Credit 
Suisse (Schweiz) AG (2015 – 2017) 
1993 – present: Roche Group 
CEO (2008 – present) 
Member of the board of Roche Holding Ltd. 
(2013 – present) 
CEO, 
Division 
Roche 
Diagnostics 
(2006 – 2008) 
Head of Asia Pacific Region, Roche 
Diagnostics Singapore (2004 – 2006) 
Head of Global Finance & Services, Roche 
Diagnostics Basel (2000 – 2004) 
Various management and other positions 
with Roche Germany, Belgium and 
Switzerland (1993 – 2000) 
Education 
1993 Doctor of Law, University of Innsbruck, 
Austria 
1991 Master’s degrees in Economics and Law, 
University of Innsbruck, Austria 
Other activities and functions 
International Business Leaders Advisory 
Council for the Mayor of Shanghai, member 
The Board consists solely of Directors who have no executive functions within the Group, of which at least the majority 
must be determined to be independent. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, all the members of the Board are 
independent. 
Executive Board 
The Executive Board of CS (the Executive Board) is responsible for the day-to-day operational management of 
the Group under the leadership of the CEO. Its main duties and responsibilities include: 
 
establishment of the strategic business plans for the Group and for the principal businesses, which are 
subject to approval by the Board; 
 
regular review and coordination of significant initiatives, projects and business developments in the 
divisions and the corporate functions, including important risk management matters; 
 
regular review of the consolidated and divisional financial performance, including progress on key 
performance indicators, as well as the Group’s capital and liquidity positions and those of its major 
subsidiaries; 
 
appointment and dismissal of senior managers, with the exception of managers from Internal Audit, 
and the periodic review of senior management talent across the Group and talent development 
programmes; 
 
review and approval of business transactions, including mergers, acquisitions, establishment of joint 
ventures and establishment of subsidiary companies; and 
 
approval of key policies for the Group. 
The members of the Executive Board as of the date of this Base Prospectus are listed below. As of the date 
hereof, the composition of the Executive Board of CS and the Executive Board of CSG is identical, with the exception of 
Mr. Helfenstein, who is a member of the Executive Board of CSG, but not of CS. For purposes of the table below only, 
references to the “Executive Board” are to both the Executive Board of CS and the Executive Board of CSG, except as 
otherwise specified.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
Name 
Business address 
Position held 
Thomas P. Gottstein 
Credit Suisse AG Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
Professional history 
1999 – present: Credit Suisse 
Chief Executive Officer (2020 – present) 
Member of the Executive Board of CS 
(2015 – 2016; 2020 – present) 
Member of the board of Credit Suisse 
(Schweiz) AG (2020-present) 
Member of the Executive Board of CSG 
 (2015 – present) 
CEO Credit Suisse (Schweiz) AG (2016 – 
2020) 
CEO Swiss Universal Bank (2015 – 2020) 
Head of Premium Clients Switzerland & 
Global 
External 
Asset 
Managers 
(2014 – 2015) 
Head of Investment Banking Coverage 
Switzerland (2010 – 2013) 
Co-Head of Equity Capital Markets EMEA 
(2007 – 2009) 
Head of Equity Capital Markets Switzerland, 
Austria 
and 
Scandinavia, 
London 
(2005 – 2007) 
Head of Equity Capital Markets Switzerland, 
Zurich (2002 – 2005) 
Investment 
Banking 
Department 
Switzerland (1999 – 2002) 
Prior to 1999: UBS 
Telecoms Investment Banking and Equity 
Capital Markets, London (1993 – 1999) 
Group Controlling, Zurich (1990 – 1993) 
Education 
1995 PhD in Finance and Accounting, 
University of Zurich, 
Switzerland 
1989 Degree in Business Administration and 
Economics, University of Zurich, Switzerland 
 
Other activities and functions 
Swiss Bankers Association, member of the 
board and the audit committee 
Credit Suisse Foundation, member of the 
foundation board 
Swiss Entrepreneurs Foundation, member of 
the foundation board 
Opernhaus Zurich, member of the board and 
audit committee 
Romeo Cerutti 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
Professional history 
2006 – present: Credit Suisse 
General Counsel (2009 – present) 
Member 
of 
the 
Executive 
Board 
(2009 – present) 
Global 
Co-Head 
of 
Compliance, 
CS 
(2008 – 2009) 
General 
Counsel, 
Private 
Banking 
(2006 – 2009) 
1999 – 2006: 
Lombard 
Odier 
Darier 
Hentsch & Cie 
Partner of the Group Holding (2004 – 2006)

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
Name 
Business address 
Position held 
Head of Corporate Finance (1999 – 2004) 
1995 – 1999: 
Homburger 
Rechtsanwälte, 
Zurich 
Attorney-at-law 
Prior to 1995: Latham and Watkins, Los 
Angeles 
Attorney-at-law 
Education 
1998 
Post-doctorate 
degree 
in 
Law 
(Habilitation), 
University 
of 
Fribourg, 
Switzerland 
1992 Admission to the bar of the State of 
California, United States 
1992 Master of Law (LLM), University of 
California, Los Angeles, United States 
1990 Doctorate in Law, University of 
Fribourg, Switzerland 
1989 Admission to the bar of the Canton of 
Zurich, Switzerland 
1986 Master in Law (lic.iur.), University of 
Fribourg, Switzerland 
Other activities and functions 
Vifor Pharma Ltd., vice chairman 
Swiss Finance Institute (SFI), chairman 
Swiss-American Chamber of Commerce, legal 
group member 
Ulrico Hoepli Foundation, board of trustees 
member 
André Helfenstein 
Credit Suisse Group AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
Professional history 
2007 – present: Credit Suisse 
Chief Executive Officer of Swiss Universal 
Bank (2020 –  present) 
Chief Executive Officer of Credit Suisse 
(Schweiz) AG (2020 – present) 
Member 
of 
the 
Executive 
Board 
(2020 – present) 
Head 
of 
Institutional 
Clients, 
Swiss 
Universal Bank (2017 – 2020) 
Credit Suisse (Schweiz) AG, member of the 
executive board (2016 – present) 
Swiss Universal Bank, member of the 
executive board (2015 – present) 
Head of Corporate & Institutional Clients, 
Swiss Universal Bank (2015 – 2017) 
Private & Wealth Management organisation 
in Switzerland: Region Head Zurich and 
Head Private Banking Clients, Region 
Zurich (2013 – 2015) 
Private & Wealth Management organisation 
in Switzerland: Head of Private Clients 
Region Zurich (2010 – 2013) 
Head of Products, Sales & Pricing, Credit 
Suisse Private Banking (2007 – 2010) 
1996 – 2007: The Boston Consulting Group 
(BCG) 
Partner & Managing Director (2005 – 2007) 
Director BCG Switzerland Recruiting and 
member of the BCG Switzerland and US

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
Name 
Business address 
Position held 
Career 
Development 
Committees 
(2000 – 2007) 
Various management and other positions 
(1996 – 2000) 
1993 – 1995: STB 
Unternehmensentwick-
lungen AG (VZ VermögensZentrum AG)  
Associate 
Education 
1992 Master’s Degree in Business, University 
of St. Gallen, Switzerland 
1990 Certificate in Psychology/Sociology, 
Université de la Sorbonne, Paris, France 
Other activities and functions 
Pension 
Fund 
CS 
Group 
(Schweiz), 
foundation board member 
Pension Fund 2 CS Group (Schweiz), 
foundation board member 
Credit Suisse Foundation, foundation board 
member 
FINMA Private Banking Panel, member 
SIX Group AG, board and risk committee 
member 
Swiss Entrepreneurs Foundation, foundation 
board member 
Europa Forum Luzern, steering committee 
member 
Venture Incubator AG, board vice chairman 
Foundation 
Bessamin, 
foundation 
board 
member 
Lydie Hudson 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
Professional history 
2008 – present: Credit Suisse 
CEO Sustainability, Research & Investment 
Solutions (2020 – present) 
Member of the Executive Board (2019 – 
present) 
Chief Compliance and Regulatory Affairs 
Officer (2020) 
Chief Compliance Officer (2019 – 2020) 
Chief Operating Officer, Global Markets 
(2015 – 2019) 
Chief Operating Officer, Global Equities 
(2014 – 2015) 
Various management and strategy roles in 
Equities, 
Fixed 
Income 
and 
Asset 
Management (2008 – 2014) 
2006 – 2008: The Boston Consulting Group 
Consultant 
2001 – 2004: Lehman Brothers 
Associate, analyst, Global Real Estate Group 
Education 
2006 Master in Business Administration 
(MBA), Harvard Business School, United 
States 
2001 Bachelor of Arts (BA), International 
Politics and Economics, Middlebury College, 
Vermont, United States

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
Name 
Business address 
Position held 
Other activities and functions 
Women’s Leadership Board, Harvard, board 
member 
Good Shepherd Services, board member 
World Economic Forum, Young Global 
Leader 
 
Ulrich Körner 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland  
Professional history 
04/2021 – present: Credit Suisse  
CEO Asset Management (04/2021 – 
present) 
Member of the Executive Board (04/2021 – 
present 
2009 – 2020: UBS 
Member of the Group Executive Board 
(2009 – 2020) 
Senior Advisor to the CEO of UBS Group 
(2019 – 2020) 
CEO of UBS Asset Management (2014 – 
2019) 
CEO of UBS Europe, Middle East & Africa 
(2011 – 2019) 
Group Chief Operating Officer, CEO 
Corporate Center (2009 – 2013) 
1998 – 2009: Credit Suisse 
Member of the Group Executive Board 
(1998 – 2009) 
CEO Switzerland (2006 – 2008) 
Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating 
Officer (since 2004) Credit Suisse/Credit 
Suisse Financial Services (2002 – 2005) 
CEO Technology and Services (2000 – 
2001) 
CFO Switzerland (1998 – 2000) 
Prior to 1998:  
McKinsey & Company 
Senior Engagement Manager 
Revisuisse, Price Waterhouse 
Auditor 
 
Education 
1993 PhD in Economics, University of St. 
Gallen, Switzerland 
1998 Master’s degree in Economics, 
University of St. Gallen, Switzerland,  
 
Other activities and functions 
Lyceum Alpinum Zuoz AG, vice chairman 
of the board of directors  
 
David R. Mathers  
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
Professional history 
1998 – present: Credit Suisse 
Chief Financial Officer (2010 – present) 
Member 
of 
the 
Executive 
Board 
(2010 – present) 
CEO of Credit Suisse International and 
Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited 
(UK subsidiaries) (2016 – present)

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
Name 
Business address 
Position held 
Chairman 
of 
Asset 
Resolution 
Unit 
(2019 – present) 
Head 
of 
Strategic 
Resolution 
Unit 
(2015 – 2018) 
Head of IT and Operations (2012 – 2015) 
Head of Finance and COO of Investment 
Banking (2007 – 2010) 
Senior positions in Credit Suisse’s Equity 
business, including Director of European 
Research and Co-Head of European Equities 
(1998 – 2007) 
Prior to 1998: HSBC 
Global 
head 
of 
equity 
research 
(1997 – 1998) 
Research analyst, HSBC James Capel 
(1987 – 1997) 
Education 
1991 Associate Certification, Society of 
Investment Analysis 
1991 MA in Natural Sciences, University of 
Cambridge, England 
1987 BA in Natural Sciences, University of 
Cambridge, England 
Other activities and functions 
European CFO Network, member 
Women in Science & Engineering (WISE) 
program and academic awards and grants at 
Robinson College, Cambridge, sponsor 
TheCityUK, leadership council member 
Various other charitable and conservation 
commitments 
Christian Meissner 
Credit Suisse 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
New York, NY 10010 
United States 
 
Professional history 
2020 - present: Credit Suisse 
CEO Investment Bank (05/2021 – present) 
Member 
of 
the 
Executive 
Board 
(05/2021 - present) 
Vice Chairman Investment Banking & Co-
Head IWM Investment Banking Advisory of 
Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (U.S. 
subsidiary) (2020 – present 
2010 – 2019: Bank of America Merrill Lynch 
Head of Global Corporate & Investment 
Banking (2012 – 2019 
Co-Head of Global Corporate & Investment 
Banking (2011 – 2012 
Head of Investment Banking EMEA (2010 – 
2011) 
2008 – 2010: Nomura International plc 
Deputy Global Head of Investment Banking 
2004 – 2008: Lehman Brothers International 
Ltd. 
Co-Chief Executive Officer EMEA (2008) 
Co-Head of Investment Banking EMEA 
(2006 – 2008 
Head of Investment Banking Germany, 
Austria & Switzerland (2004 – 2008) 
1994 – 2004: Goldman Sachs International 
Partner (2002)

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
Name 
Business address 
Position held 
Co-Head of European Equity Capital 
Markets (2001 – 2004) 
Head of German Equity Capital Markets 
(2000) 
Associate in German Equity Capital Markets 
(1994) 
Prior to 1994: 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Morgan Stanley & Co. 
Education 
1990 Bachelor of Arts in European History, 
Princeton University, United States 
Other activities and functions 
Holtzbrinck Publishing Group, member of the 
supervisory board 
Salzburg Festival Society, board member 
Joachim Oechslin 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
Professional history 
2014 – present: Credit Suisse 
Chief Risk Officer (ad interim) (04/2021–
present) 
Member of the board of Credit Suisse 
Holdings (USA), Inc. (U.S. subsidiary) 
(04/2021 – present) 
Senior Advisor (2019 – 2021) and Chief of 
Staff to the CEO of Credit Suisse Group 
(2020 – 2021)  
Chief Risk Officer (2014 – 2019)  
Member of the board of Credit Suisse 
Holdings (USA), Inc. / Credit Suisse 
(USA), Inc./Credit Suisse Securities (USA) 
LLC (U.S. subsidiaries) (2016 – 2019) 
2007 – 2013: Munich Re Group 
Chief Risk Officer  
2007: AXA Group 
Deputy Chief Risk Officer 
2001 – 2006 Winterthur Insurance Company 
Member of the executive board (2006)  
Chief Risk Officer (2003 – 2006)  
Head of risk management (2001 – 2003) 
1998 – 2001 McKinsey & Company 
Consultant 
Education 
1998 
Licentiate/Master 
of 
Science 
in 
Mathematics, Swiss Federal Institute of 
Technology (ETH), Zurich, Switzerland 
1994 Engineering degree, Higher Technical 
Institute (HTL), Winterthur, Switzerland 
Other activities and functions 
Swiss Re, board member 
 
Antoinette Poschung 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
Professional history 
2008 – present: Credit Suisse 
Global 
Head 
of 
Human 
Resources 
(2019 – present) 
Member of the Executive Board (2019 –

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
Name 
Business address 
Position held 
present) 
Conduct 
and 
Ethics 
Ombudsperson 
(2018 – present) 
Head of Human Resources for Corporate 
Functions (2018 – 2019) 
Head 
of 
Talent 
Development 
& 
Organizational Effectiveness (2015 – 2017) 
Head of Compensation, Benefits & Payroll 
(2012 – 2014) 
Head of Human Resources Shared Services 
(2008 – 2012) 
2007 – 2008: AXA-Winterthur 
Member of the executive board and head of 
human resources 
2003 – 2007: “Winterthur” Swiss Insurance 
Group 
Head of human resources 
2001 – 2003: Canton Zurich 
Head of human resources for the Cantonal 
Administration 
1998 – 2001: Baloise Group 
Head of human resources Basler Insurance 
Education 
2016 Certificate of Organizational and 
Executive Coaching, Columbia University, 
United States 
1989 Master in Education, Psychology and 
Philosophy, University of Zurich, Switzerland 
Other activities and functions 
Ms. Poschung currently does not hold 
directorships in any other organisations 
Helman Sitohang 
Credit Suisse 
One Raffles Link 
South Lobby, #03/#04-01 
Singapore 039393 
Singapore 
Professional history 
1999 – present: Credit Suisse 
CEO Asia Pacific (2015 – present) 
Member 
of 
the 
Executive 
Board 
(2015 – present) 
Regional CEO APAC (2014 – 2015) 
Head of Investment Bank Asia Pacific 
(2012 – 2015) 
Co-Head of the Emerging Markets Council 
(2012 – 2015) 
CEO of South East Asia (2010 – 2015) 
Co-Head 
of 
the 
Investment 
Banking 
Department – Asia Pacific (2009 - 2012) 
Co-Head of the Global Markets Solutions 
Group – Asia Pacific (2009 – 2012) 
Country CEO, Indonesia (1999 – 2010) 
Prior to 1999:  
Bankers Trust, Derivatives Group 
Citibank, Corporate Bank 
Schlumberger Overseas, Field Engineer 
Education 
1989 Bachelor of Science in Engineering, 
Bandung Institute of Technology, Bandung, 
Indonesia 
Other activities and functions

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
Name 
Business address 
Position held 
Credit Suisse Foundation, board member 
Room to Read Singapore Ltd., regional 
board member, chairman of SEA board 
James B. Walker 
Credit Suisse 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
New York, NY 10010 
United States 
Professional history 
2009 – present: Credit Suisse 
Chief Operating Officer (2019 – present) 
Member 
of 
the 
Executive 
Board 
(2019 – present) 
Chief Financial Officer of Credit Suisse 
Holdings (USA), Inc. & Regional Americas 
Finance lead (2018 – 2019) 
Finance 
Chief 
Operating 
Officer 
(2016 – 2019) 
Head of Finance Change (2014 – 2019) 
Global 
Head 
of 
Product 
Control 
(2011 – 2019) 
Head of Americas Investment Banking 
Operations and Global Head of OTC 
Operations (2009 – 2011) 
2007 – 2009: Barclays Capital, New York 
CFO, Americas 
1994 – 2007: Merrill Lynch 
CFO, 
Global 
Markets 
& 
Investment 
Banking, New York (2005 – 2007) 
CFO, Global Equities and Fixed Income, 
New York (2003 – 2005) 
CFO, Global Fixed Income, New York 
(2002 – 2003) 
CFO, Securities Services Division, New 
York (2000 – 2002) 
Various senior management positions, Hong 
Kong and London (1994 – 2000) 
1986 – 1994: Morgan Stanley 
Various finance and derivative finance roles, 
London and Tokyo  
Education 
1986 
Postgraduate 
Diploma 
Finance, 
University of Stirling, Scotland 
1985 Bachelor of Science Mathematics, 
University of Glasgow, Scotland 
Other activities and functions 
Mr. 
Walker 
currently 
does 
not 
hold 
directorships in any other organisations 
 
 
 
Philipp Wehle 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
Professional history 
2005 – present: Credit Suisse 
CEO International Wealth Management 
(2019 – present) 
Member 
of 
the 
Executive 
Board 
(2019 – present) 
CFO International Wealth Management 
(2015 – 2019) 
Head of Finance Private Banking Coverage 
(2015)

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
Name 
Business address 
Position held 
Head of Financial Management Region & 
Wealth 
Management 
Switzerland 
(2013 – 2014) 
Head of Financial Management Private 
Banking Asia Pacific (2011 – 2012) 
Head of Controlling Private Banking 
Switzerland (2007 – 2011) 
Senior 
Project 
Manager, 
Business 
Development Private Banking Switzerland 
(2005 – 2007) 
2001 – 2005: 
Consart 
Management 
Consultants 
Consultant / project manager 
Education 
2001 
Master’s 
Degree 
in 
Economics, 
University of Bonn, Germany 
Other activities and functions 
Credit Suisse Foundation, board member 
Akademischer Hilfsfond, Bonn, member 
There are no conflicts of interest between the private interests or other duties of the Directors and members of 
the Executive Board listed above and their respective duties to CS. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee of CS (the Audit Committee) consists of at least three members, all of whom must be 
independent pursuant to its charter. The members of the Audit Committee as of the date of this Base Prospectus are: 
 
Richard Meddings (Chairman) 
 
Clare Brady 
 
Seraina Macia 
 
Ana Paula Pessoa 
The Audit Committee has its own charter, which has been approved by the Board. In accordance with its charter, 
the members of the Audit Committee are subject to independence requirements in addition to those required of other 
Board members. None of the Audit Committee members may be an affiliated person of the Group or may, directly or 
indirectly, accept any consulting, advisory or other compensatory fees from the Group other than their regular 
compensation as members of the Board and its committees. The Audit Committee charter stipulates that all Audit 
Committee members must be financially literate. In addition, they may not serve on the audit committee of more than 
two other companies, unless the Board deems that such membership would not impair their ability to serve on the Audit 
Committee. For further information, refer to “—Board of Directors—Independence” and “—Board of Directors—Board 
committees—Audit Committee” in “IV—Corporate Governance” in the Annual Report 2020. 
Corporate Governance 
CS fully adheres to the principles set out in the Swiss Code of Best Practice for Corporate Governance, dated 
28th August 2014, including its appendix stipulating recommendations on the process for setting compensation for the 
Board and the Executive Board. For further information, refer to “IV–Corporate Governance” and “V–Compensation” 
in the Annual Report 2020. 
Incorporation, Legislation, Legal Form, Duration, Name, Registered Office, Headquarters 
CS was incorporated under Swiss law as a corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) under the name Schweizerische 
Kreditanstalt, with unlimited duration, on 5th July 1856 in Zurich, Switzerland and was registered with the Commercial 
Register of the Canton of Zurich under the number CH-020.3.923.549-1 and is now registered under the number CHE-
106.831.974. As of 9th November 2009, CS changed its name to “Credit Suisse AG”. CS is a wholly-owned subsidiary 
of CSG. CS’s registered head office is located at Paradeplatz 8, 8001 Zurich, Switzerland; its telephone number is +41 
44 333 1111. CS’s London branch is located at One Cabot Square, London E14 4QJ, United Kingdom. CS’s Tokyo

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
branch is located at Izumi Garden Tower, 1-6-1 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo 106-6024, Japan. CS’s Singapore branch 
is located at 1 Raffles Link, #03-01 One Raffles Link, Singapore 039393, Singapore. CS’s Guernsey branch is located at 
PO Box 368, Helvetia Court, South Esplanade, St Peter Port, Guernsey, Channel Islands, GY1 3YJ. CS’s Sydney branch 
is located at Level 31 Gateway, 1 Macquarie Place, Sydney NSW, Australia, 2000.CS’s New York branch is located at 
11 Madison Avenue, New York, New York, USA, 10010. 
Business Purpose 
Article 2 of CS’s Articles of Association dated 4th September 2014 states: 
“2.1) 
The purpose of the Company is to operate as a bank. Its business covers all associated types of banking, 
finance, consultancy, service and trading activities in Switzerland and abroad. 
2.2) 
The Company may form banks, finance companies and any other types of companies. It may also hold 
interests in and assume the management of such companies. It may also enter into joint ventures with 
such companies to provide business services to third parties. 
2.3) 
The Company may acquire, mortgage and sell real estate in Switzerland and abroad.” 
Auditors 
Since 30th April 2020, the Issuer’s independent statutory auditor is PricewaterhouseCoopers AG (PwC), 
Birchstrasse 160, 8050 Zurich, Switzerland. CS’s consolidated balance sheet as of 31st December 2020, and the related 
consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the year then ended, 
as well as the adjustments to reflect the change in the composition of reportable segments as presented in Note 4 and 
described in Note 3 to such consolidated financial statements were audited by PwC in accordance with the standards of 
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). The Audited 2020 Parent Financial Statements were 
audited by PwC in accordance with Swiss law and Swiss Auditing Standards.  
Until 30th April 2020, the Issuer’s independent auditor and statutory auditor was KPMG AG (KPMG), 
Räffelstrasse 28, 8045 Zurich, Switzerland. CS’s consolidated balance sheet as of 31st December 2019, and the related 
consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each in the two-year 
period ended 31 December 2019, and the related notes, before the adjustments to reflect the change in the composition of 
reportable segments as presented in Note 4 and described in Note 3 to such consolidated financial statements were audited 
by KPMG in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  
In 2018, upon the recommendation of the Audit Committee of CSG, the Board of CSG decided to propose PwC 
to succeed KPMG as the new independent statutory auditor of the Group (including CS) at the annual general meetings 
of CSG and CS in April 2020. The appointment was approved by the shareholders of CSG and CS at the annual general 
meetings of CSG and CS on 30th April 2020 and became effective for the fiscal year ending 31st December 2020. The 
shareholders of CSG and CS re-elected PwC as CSG’s and CS’s statutory auditor for the fiscal year ending 31st December 
2021 at their annual general meetings on 30th April 2021. The lead audit Group engagement partners of PwC are Matthew 
Falconer, Global Lead Partner (since 2020) and Matthew Goldman, Group Audit Partner (since 2020). 
PwC and KPMG are each registered with EXPERTsuisse-Swiss Expert Association for Audit, Tax and 
Fiduciary. PwC and KPMG are each also registered with the Swiss Federal Audit Oversight Authority, which is 
responsible for the licensing and supervision of audit firms and individuals which provide audit services in Switzerland. 
In addition, CS has mandated BDO AG, Fabrikstrasse 50, 8031 Zurich, Switzerland, as special auditor for the 
purposes of issuing the legally required report for capital increases in accordance with Article 652f of the Swiss Code of 
Obligations. BDO AG is registered with the Federal Audit Oversight Authority, which is responsible for the licensing 
and supervision of audit firms and individuals which provide audit services in Switzerland. 
For further information, refer to “IV—Corporate Governance—Additional information—External Audit” in the 
Annual Report 2020 and “Other elections – Election of the independent auditors” in the Second Form 6-K dated 30th 
April 2021. 
Capital adequacy 
For information on Credit Suisse AG’s expected financing of its business activities, please see “III – Treasury, 
Risk, Balance sheet and Off-balance sheet – Liquidity and funding management” and “III – Treasury, Risk, Balance sheet 
and Off-balance sheet – Capital management”, “Note 25 – Long-term debt” in “VIII – Consolidated financial statements 
– Credit Suisse (Bank)” and “Note 37 – Capital adequacy” in “VIII – Consolidated financial statements – Credit Suisse 
(Bank)” in the Annual Report 2020.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
Legal Proceedings 
The Group is involved in a number of judicial, regulatory and arbitration proceedings concerning matters arising 
in connection with the conduct of its businesses. Some of these proceedings have been brought on behalf of various 
classes of claimants and seek damages of material and/or indeterminate amounts. 
After taking into account its litigation provisions, the Group believes, based on currently available information 
and advice of counsel, that the results of its legal proceedings, in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s financial condition. However, in light of the inherent uncertainties of such proceedings, including those 
brought by regulators or other governmental authorities, the ultimate cost to the Group of resolving such proceedings may 
exceed current litigation provisions and any excess may be material to its operating results for any particular period, 
depending, in part, upon the operating results for such period. 
For further information regarding certain of such proceedings and the Group’s litigation provisions as of the end 
of 2020, see “Note 40 – Litigation” in “VI – Consolidated financial statements – Credit Suisse Group” in the Annual 
Report 2020. For further information regarding certain of such proceedings and the Group’s litigation provisions as of 
31st March 2021, see “Note 33 – Litigation” in “III – Condensed consolidated financial statements – unaudited” in the 
Financial Report 1Q21. 
Additional Information about CS 
CS prepares its consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted 
in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP). CS does not prepare its accounts in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS). 
For further information about CS, refer to the Annual Report 2020 and the Financial Report 1Q21, which are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
TAXATION 
General 
The discussion of taxation under the headings “Switzerland”, “United Kingdom”, “Guernsey”, “Australia”, 
“Singapore”, “United States” and “Japan” in this section is only an indication of certain tax implications under the 
laws of those jurisdictions as they may affect investors, is of a general nature and is not intended to be exhaustive. 
It applies only to persons who are beneficial owners of Notes and may not apply to certain classes of person. The 
Issuer make no representations as to the completeness of the information nor undertake any liability of whatsoever 
nature for the tax implications for investors. Potential investors are strongly advised to consult their own 
professional advisers in light of their particular circumstances. 
Switzerland 
(a) 
Swiss withholding tax 
(i) 
Withholding tax in relation to Notes issued by CS acting through a Designated Branch located in a 
jurisdiction other than Switzerland 
Payments of interest (including interest accrued upon redemption) on, and repayment of principal of, 
Notes issued by CS acting through a Designated Branch located in a jurisdiction other than Switzerland, 
are not subject to Swiss withholding tax (Verrechnungssteuer), provided that CS uses the proceeds from 
the offering and sale of the Notes outside Switzerland (unless and to the extent use in Switzerland is 
permitted under the Swiss taxation laws in force from time to time without payments in respect of the 
Notes becoming subject to withholding or deduction for Swiss withholding tax as a consequence or 
such use of proceeds in Switzerland). 
(ii) 
Withholding tax in relation to Notes issued by CS acting through its Zurich head office 
Payments of interest on Notes issued by CS, acting through its Zurich head office, are subject to Swiss 
withholding tax at a rate of 35 per cent. Certain types of Notes issued by CS, acting through its Zurich 
head office, may be classified as notes with a “predominant one-time interest payment” (Obligationen 
mit überwiegender Einmalverzinsung) - refer to “-Income Taxation on Principal or Interest” below for 
further details. A “one-time interest payment” will be subject to Swiss withholding tax upon redemption 
of the Notes. 
The holder of a Note issued by CS, acting through its Zurich head office, residing in Switzerland who, 
at the time the payment of interest is due, is the beneficial owner of the payment of interest and, in the 
case of a holder who is an individual, duly reports the gross payment of interest in his or her tax return 
and, in the case of a holder who is a legal entity or an individual required to keep accounting books, 
includes such payment duly as earnings in its income statement, is entitled to a full refund of or a full 
tax credit for the Swiss withholding tax. A holder of a Note issued by CS, acting through its Zurich 
head office, who is not resident in Switzerland may be able to claim a full or partial refund of the Swiss 
withholding tax by virtue of the provisions of an applicable double taxation treaty, if any, between 
Switzerland and the country of residence of such holder. 
(iii) 
Potential new withholding tax regime 
On 3rd April 2020, the Swiss Federal Council published a consultation draft on the reform of the Swiss 
withholding tax system applicable to interest on bonds. This consultation draft provides for, among 
other things, the replacement of the current debtor-based regime applicable to interest payments with a 
paying agent-based regime for Swiss withholding tax. Under this paying agent-based regime generally 
all interest payments made by paying agents acting out of Switzerland to individuals resident in 
Switzerland will be subject to Swiss withholding tax. However, the results of the consultation were 
controversial. Consequently, on 15th April 2021, the Swiss Federal Council published a new draft on 
the reform of the Swiss withholding tax system providing for the abolition of Swiss withholding tax on 
interest payments on bonds. If nevertheless a new paying agent-based regime were to be enacted as 
contemplated by the consultation draft published on 3rd April 2020 and were to result in the deduction 
or withholding of Swiss withholding tax on any interest payments in respect of a Note by any person 
in Switzerland other than the Issuer, the holder would not be entitled to receive any additional amounts 
as a result of such deduction or withholding under the Terms of the Notes.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
(b) 
Swiss securities turnover tax 
The issuance on the settlement day and the redemption of Notes are not subject to Swiss securities turnover tax 
(primary market). 
Secondary market dealings in Notes with a term in excess of 12 months where Swiss domestic (or Principality 
of Liechtenstein) securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss stamp tax act) is a party, or acts as an intermediary, 
to the transaction may be subject to Swiss securities turnover tax at a rate of (i) up to 0.15 per cent. of the 
consideration paid in the case of Notes issued by CS, acting through its Zurich head office and (ii) up to 0.30 per 
cent. of such consideration paid in the case of Notes issued by CS acting through a branch other than its Zurich 
head office. Subject to applicable statutory exemptions in respect of the one or the other party to a transaction, 
generally half of the tax is charged to the one party to the transaction and the other half to the other party. An 
exemption applies, inter alia, for each party to a transaction in Notes (whether or not issued by CS, acting through 
its Zurich head office) that is not resident in Switzerland or the Principality of Liechtenstein. 
(c) 
Income Taxation on Principal or Interest 
(i) 
Notes held by non-Swiss holders 
Payments of interest on, and repayment of principal of, the Notes to, and gains realised on the sale or 
redemption of Notes by, a holder who is a non-resident of Switzerland and who, during the tax period 
has not engaged in a trade or business through a permanent establishment within Switzerland to which 
such Notes are attributable, will, in respect of such Notes, not be subject to federal, cantonal or 
communal income tax. 
(ii) 
Notes held by Swiss resident holders as private assets 
Notes without a “predominant one-time interest payment”: If the yield-to-maturity of a Note 
predominantly derives from periodic interest payments and not from a one-time interest payment such 
as an original issue discount or a repayment premium (see below –”Notes with a “predominant one-
time interest payment”), then a holder who is an individual resident in Switzerland and who holds such 
Note as a private asset is required to include any periodic interest payments and any payment upon 
redemption relating to any (i) accrued interest, (ii) one-time interest in relation to an original issue 
discount and/or (iii) redemption premium on such Note in his or her personal income tax return for the 
relevant tax period, converted, as the case may be, into Swiss francs at the exchange rate prevailing at 
the time of payment, and will be taxable on any net taxable income (including the payments of interest 
on the Notes) for such tax period. A gain (including in respect of interest accrued or a change in foreign 
currency exchange rate or interest rate) on the sale of such a Note is a tax-free private capital gain. 
Conversely, a loss realised on the sale of such a Note is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss. 
Notes with a “predominant one-time interest payment”: If the yield-to-maturity of a Note 
predominantly or exclusively derives from a one-time interest payment such as an original issue 
discount or a repayment premium and not from periodic interest payments, then a holder who is an 
individual resident in Switzerland and who holds such Note as a private asset, is required to include 
any periodic interest payments and any payment upon redemption relating to any (i) accrued interest, 
(ii) one-time interest in relation to an original issue discount and/or (iii) redemption premium on such 
Note in his or her personal income tax return for the relevant tax period and, in addition, at redemption 
or sale of such a Note, any amount equal to the difference between the value of such a Note at 
redemption or sale (as applicable) and its value at issuance or secondary market purchase, as applicable, 
converted, in each case, into Swiss francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of payment, sale 
or redemption, or issuance or purchase, and less any documentable bank fees incurred upon issuance 
or purchase of such Note, and will be taxable on any net taxable income (including such amounts, i.e. 
inter alia, including any gain in respect of interest accrued or change in foreign exchange rate or interest 
rate) for the relevant tax period. Any decrease in value realised on such Note on its sale or redemption 
may be offset by such a holder against any gains (including periodic interest payments) realised by the 
holder within the same taxation period from other instruments with a predominant one-time interest 
payment. Any other loss realised on such a Note is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss. 
See “Notes held as Swiss business assets and by private persons classified as professional securities 
dealers” below for a summary of the tax treatment of individuals classified as “professional securities 
dealers”. 
(iii) 
Notes held as Swiss business assets and by private persons classified as professional securities dealers

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
Individual taxpayers who hold Notes as part of a business in Switzerland and Swiss-resident corporate 
taxpayers and corporate taxpayers residing abroad holding Notes as part of a Swiss permanent in 
Switzerland, are required to recognise the payments of interest and any capital gain or loss realised on 
the sale or other disposition of such Notes in their income statement for the respective tax period, and 
will be taxable on any net taxable earnings for such period. The same taxation treatment also applies to 
Swiss-resident individuals who, for income tax purposes, are classified as “professional securities 
dealers” for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealings and leveraged transactions in securities. 
(d) 
Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
Switzerland has concluded a multilateral agreement with the EU on the international automatic exchange of 
information (AEOI) in tax matters, which applies to all EU member states. In addition, Switzerland signed the 
multilateral competent authority agreement on the automatic exchange of financial account information 
(MCAA), and a number of bilateral AEOI agreements with other countries, most of them on the basis of the 
MCAA. Based on these agreements and the implementing laws of Switzerland, Switzerland collects and 
exchanges data in respect of financial assets, held in, and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or 
deposits (including Notes held in such accounts or deposits) with a paying agent in Switzerland for the benefit 
of individuals resident in a EU member state or in another treaty state. An up-to-date list of the AEOI agreements 
to which Switzerland is a party that are in effect, or signed but not yet in effect, can be found on the website of 
the State Secretariat for International Financial Matters SIF. 
(e) 
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of FATCA 
The United States and Switzerland entered into an intergovernmental agreement (the U.S.-Switzerland IGA) to 
facilitate the implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA). Under the U.S.-
Switzerland IGA, financial institutions acting out of Switzerland generally are directed to become participating 
foreign financial institutions (FFIs). The U.S.-Switzerland IGA ensures that accounts held by U.S. persons with 
Swiss financial institutions (including accounts in which Notes are held) are disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities 
either with the consent of the account holder or by means of group requests within the scope of administrative 
assistance on the basis of the double taxation agreement between the United States and Switzerland (the Treaty). 
The Treaty, as amended in 2019, includes a mechanism for the exchange of information in tax matters upon 
request between Switzerland and the United States, which is in line with international standards, and allows the 
United States to make group requests under FATCA concerning non-consenting U.S. accounts and non-
consenting non-participating foreign financial institutions for periods from 30th June 2014. Furthermore, the 
Swiss Federal Council approved a mandate for negotiations with the United States on 8th October 2014, with 
regard to a change from the current direct-notification-based regime to a regime where the relevant information 
is sent to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, which in turn provides the information to the U.S. tax authorities. 
It is not yet known when negotiations will continue and if and when any new regime would come into force. 
United Kingdom 
The following applies only to persons who are the beneficial owners of Notes and is a summary of the Issuer’s 
understanding of current United Kingdom law and published HM Revenue and Customs’ (HMRC) practice (which may 
not be binding on HMRC) relating only to United Kingdom withholding tax treatment of payments of interest (as that 
term is understood for United Kingdom tax purposes) in respect of Notes. It does not deal with any other United Kingdom 
taxation implications of acquiring, holding or disposing of Notes. The United Kingdom tax treatment of prospective 
Noteholders depends on their individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. Prospective 
Noteholders who may be subject to tax in a jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom or who may be unsure as to their 
tax position should seek their own professional advice. 
Interest on the Notes 
(i) 
Payments of Interest on the Notes which has a United Kingdom source 
Payments of interest on the Notes which have a United Kingdom source may be made without deduction of or 
withholding on account of United Kingdom income tax provided that the Notes carry a right to interest and the 
Notes are and continue to be listed on a “recognised stock exchange” within the meaning of section 1005 of the 
Income Tax Act 2007. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a recognised stock exchange. The Notes will satisfy 
this requirement if they are officially listed in Luxembourg in accordance with provisions corresponding to those 
generally applicable in EEA states and are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Provided, 
therefore, that the Notes carry a right to interest and are and remain so listed, interest on the Notes will be payable 
without withholding or deduction on account of United Kingdom tax.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
The SIX Swiss Exchange is also a recognised stock exchange for these purposes. However, HMRC state in 
published guidance that securities will only be treated as listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange for this purpose if 
the securities are listed and maintained on the SIX Swiss Exchange in accordance with the International 
Reporting Standard or the Swiss Reporting Standard, and not if the securities are listed in accordance with any 
other listing rules. 
In respect of payments of interest on Notes which have a United Kingdom source, CS, if it is and continues to 
be a bank within the meaning of section 991 of the Income Tax Act 2007, will be entitled to make payments of 
interest without withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax, whether or not the 
Notes are listed on a “recognised stock exchange”, provided that such interest is and continues to be paid in the 
ordinary course of the Issuer’s business within the meaning of section 878 of that Act. 
Interest on Notes which have a United Kingdom source may also be paid without withholding or deduction for 
or on account of United Kingdom tax where the maturity of the Notes is less than 365 days and where such 
Notes are neither issued with the intention, nor issued as part of a scheme or arrangement the effect of which is, 
that they form part of a borrowing capable of remaining outstanding for more than 364 days. 
In other cases, an amount must generally be withheld from payments of interest on the Notes which have a 
United Kingdom source on account of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.), 
subject to the availability of other reliefs under domestic law. However, where an applicable double tax treaty 
provides for a lower rate of withholding tax (or for no tax to be withheld) in relation to a Noteholder, HMRC 
may issue a notice to the Issuer directing it to pay interest to the Noteholder without deduction of tax (or for 
interest to be paid with tax deducted at the rate provided for in the relevant double tax treaty). 
(ii) 
Payment of Interest on the Notes which do not have a United Kingdom source 
Payments of interest on the Notes which do not have a United Kingdom source may be made without deduction 
of or withholding on account of United Kingdom income tax. 
United States 
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations that may be relevant to a holder 
of a Note that is a non-U.S. holder. A non-U.S. holder is a beneficial owner of a Note who is not, for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes, a citizen or resident of the United States, a domestic corporation or that is otherwise subject to U.S. federal 
income taxation on a net income basis in respect of the Note. This summary is based on laws, regulations, rulings and 
decisions now in effect, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. The following discussion does 
not address any tax considerations for persons other than non-U.S. holders. This summary does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase the Notes. In 
particular, the summary deals only with holders who will hold the Notes as capital assets. This summary does not address 
the tax treatment of holders that may be subject to special tax rules, such as banks, insurance companies, dealers in 
securities or currencies, tax exempt entities, financial institutions, expatriates, nonresident alien individuals present in the 
United States for more than 182 days in a taxable year, partnerships (for U.S. tax purposes) that hold Notes or partners 
therein, or persons that hedge their exposure in the Notes or will hold the Notes as a position in a “straddle” or 
“conversion” transaction or as part of a “synthetic security” or other integrated financial transaction. 
This discussion does not address U.S. state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences. Prospective investors should 
consult their tax advisers in determining the tax consequences to them of purchasing, holding and disposing of the Notes, 
including the application to their particular situation of the U.S. federal income tax considerations discussed below, as 
well as the application of state, local and non-U.S. or other laws. 
(a) 
Notes Issued through the New York Branch 
This section “Non-U.S. Holder” applies to non-U.S. holders who hold Notes issued by Credit Suisse, acting 
through its New York branch. Under present U.S. federal tax law, and subject to the discussion below concerning 
backup withholding and FATCA (as defined below): 
(i) 
Payments of interest (including original issue discount) on a Note will not be subject to the 30 per cent. 
U.S. federal withholding tax, provided that: 
(A) 
The non-U.S. holder does not actually or constructively own 10 per cent. or more of the total 
combined voting power of all classes of the Issuer’s stock entitled to vote and is not a 
controlled foreign corporation related to the Issuer actually or constructively through stock 
ownership; and

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
(B) 
The non-U.S. holder provides a statement signed under penalties of perjury that includes its 
name and address and certifies that it is a non-U.S. holder in compliance with applicable 
requirements by completing an applicable Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or successor form), 
or otherwise satisfies documentary evidence requirements for establishing that it is a non-U.S. 
holder. 
Payments of interest (including original issue discount) on a Note that do not qualify for the portfolio 
interest exception will be subject to the 30 per cent. U.S. federal withholding tax, unless a U.S. income 
tax treaty applies to reduce or eliminate withholding. 
(ii) 
A non-U.S. holder will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on any gain realized on the sale, 
exchange or retirement of the Notes. 
(b) 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
Information returns will be required to be filed with the IRS in connection with payments on the Notes made to 
certain United States taxpayers. If a holder is a United States taxpayer, such holder generally will not be subject 
to a United States backup withholding tax (currently at a rate of 24 per cent.) on such payments if the holder 
provides its taxpayer identification number to the paying agent. The holder may also be subject to information 
reporting and backup withholding tax requirements with respect to the proceeds from a sale of the Notes. If the 
holder is a non-U.S. taxpayer, such holder may have to comply with certification procedures to establish that it 
is a non-U.S. taxpayer in order to avoid information reporting and backup withholding tax requirements. Any 
amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be allowed as a credit against the holder’s U.S. federal 
income tax liability and may entitle the holder to a refund, provided that the required information is timely 
furnished to the IRS. 
(c) 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, and 
potentially subject to grandfathering rules discussed below, the Issuer and other financial institutions in the chain of 
payments on the Notes may be required to withhold U.S. tax on payments to a holder who does not provide information 
sufficient for the financial institution to determine whether the holder is a U.S. person or should otherwise be treated as 
holding a “United States account” of such institution, or to a holder that is, or holds the Notes directly or indirectly 
through, a non-U.S. financial institution that is not in compliance with FATCA. Even if withholding is not required, to 
permit a financial institution in the chain of payments on the Notes to comply with diligence and reporting obligations 
imposed on it under FATCA, a holder may be required to provide a financial institution in the chain of payments on the 
Notes, information regarding the holder’s identity, and in the case of a holder that is an entity, the holder’s direct and 
indirect owners, and this information may be reported to applicable tax authorities (including to the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service). A number of jurisdictions (including Switzerland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which 
FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution 
(as defined by FATCA) in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such 
as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  
If a Note is subject to FATCA withholding (under the circumstances described below), such withholding will 
apply at a 30 per cent. rate to payments of interest to a holder or intermediary that does not comply with FATCA. Unless 
specified otherwise in the applicable prospectus supplement, FATCA withholding will apply to a Note only if the relevant 
issuer is Credit Suisse acting through its New York branch. Otherwise, such withholding would not apply prior to the 
date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published in the 
U.S. Federal Register and assuming the Notes are treated as debt instruments for U.S. tax purposes, Notes issued on or 
prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are 
published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such 
date (including by reason of issuer substitution). If an amount of, or in respect of, such withholding taxes were to be 
deducted or withheld from any payments in respect of the Notes as a result of a holder or intermediary’s failure to comply 
with these rules, no additional amounts will be paid on the Notes held by such holder as a result of the deduction or 
withholding of such tax. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in Notes. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT)

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
On 14th February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and 
Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain 
dealings in Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of 
Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least one party 
is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may 
be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by 
transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is 
subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional Member States may 
decide to participate. Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT. 
Japan 
The following description of Japanese taxation (limited to national taxes) applies to interest and the Profit from 
Redemption (as defined below), as well as certain aspects of capital gains, inheritance and gift taxes, with respect to the 
Notes that will be issued by the Tokyo branch of Credit Suisse AG outside Japan and the interest on which will be payable 
outside Japan. It does not address the tax treatment of the original issue discount of the Notes that fall under “discounted 
bonds” as prescribed by the Special Taxation Measures Act. 
Interest and Profit from Redemption 
Interest payments on the Notes will be subject to Japanese withholding tax unless the holder establishes that the 
Note is held by or for the account of a holder that is (a) for Japanese tax purposes, neither (x) an individual resident of 
Japan or a Japanese corporation, nor (y) an individual non-resident of Japan or a non-Japanese corporation that in either 
case is a person having a special relationship with the Issuer as described in Article 6, paragraph 4 of the Special Taxation 
Measures Act (any such person hereinafter referred to as a “specially-related person of the Issuer”), (b) a designated 
Japanese financial institution described in Article 6, paragraph 11 of the Special Taxation Measures Act which complies 
with the Japanese tax exemption requirements, or (c) a public corporation, a financial institution, a financial instruments 
business operator or certain other entity (which has complied with the Japanese tax exemption requirements) which has 
received such payments through its payment handling agent in Japan as provided in Article 3-3, paragraph 6 of the Special 
Taxation Measures Act. 
Interest payments on the Notes to an individual resident of Japan, a Japanese corporation, or an individual non-
resident of Japan or a non-Japanese corporation that in either case is a specially-related person of the Issuer (except for 
the designated Japanese financial institution and the public corporation, the financial institution, the financial instruments 
business operator and certain other entity described in the preceding paragraph) will be subject to deduction in respect of 
Japanese income tax at a rate of 15 per cent. (for the period to and including 31 December, 2037, an additional 0.315 per 
cent. is added thereto as special income tax for reconstruction) of the amount of such interest. 
If a beneficial owner of any Notes is an individual non-resident of Japan or a non-Japanese corporation that in 
either case is not a specially-related person of the Issuer, payment of interest on such Notes outside Japan by the Tokyo 
branch of Credit Suisse AG or the Paying Agent to such beneficial owner will not be subject to Japanese withholding tax, 
provided that such beneficial owner complies with certain requirements, inter alia: 
(a) 
if such Notes are held through any of certain participants in an international clearing organisation, such 
as Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or through any of certain financial intermediaries, in each 
case as prescribed by the Special Taxation Measures Act (each such participant or financial intermediary 
being referred to as a “Participant”), the requirement to provide certain information prescribed by the 
Special Taxation Measures Act to enable the Participant to establish that the beneficial owner is exempt 
from the requirement for Japanese tax to be withheld or deducted; and 
(b) 
if such Notes are held not through a Participant, the requirement to submit to the Paying Agent a claim 
for exemption from withholding tax (hikazei tekiyo shinkokusho), together with certain documentary 
evidence, at or prior to each receipt of interest.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
Even if a beneficial owner of any Notes is an individual non-resident of Japan or a non-Japanese corporation 
that in either case is not a specially-related person of the Issuer and has complied with the requirements described above, 
payment of interest on the Notes, however, will be subject to Japanese income or corporation taxes (including, where 
applicable, special taxes for reconstruction) payable otherwise than by way of withholding if such beneficial owner has a 
permanent establishment in Japan through which it conducts business and payment of such interest is attributable to such 
permanent establishment. 
The above-described exemption from Japanese income tax with respect to interest on the Notes will not be 
applicable to any Notes on which interest is calculated based on any of certain indices, including the amount of profits or 
assets of the Issuer or a specially-related person of the Issuer as described in Article 6, paragraph 4 of the Special Taxation 
Measures Act and the Cabinet Order relating to that paragraph. 
If the recipient of any difference between the acquisition price of Notes and the amount which the holder receives 
upon redemption of such Notes, defined in Article 41-13 and Article 67-17 of the Special Taxation Measures Act as profit 
from redemption (the “Profit from Redemption”), is an individual non-resident of Japan or a non-Japanese corporation 
with no permanent establishment in Japan that in either case is not a specially-related person of the Issuer, no Japanese 
income or corporation taxes will be payable with respect to the Profit from Redemption. If the receipt of the Profit from 
Redemption is attributable to a permanent establishment maintained in Japan by an individual non-resident of Japan or a 
non-Japanese corporation through which such individual non-resident of Japan or non-Japanese corporation conducts 
business, however, the Profit from Redemption will be subject to Japanese income or corporation taxes (including, where 
applicable, special taxes for reconstruction).  
Capital gains, inheritance and gift taxes 
Gains derived from the sale of Notes by an individual non-resident of Japan or a non-Japanese corporation with 
no permanent establishment in Japan in general will not be subject to Japanese income or corporate taxes. Japanese 
inheritance and gift taxes at progressive rates may be payable by an individual who has acquired Notes as a legatee, heir 
or done. No stamp, issue, registration or similar taxes or duties will, under present Japanese law, be payable in Japan by 
the holders in connection with the issue of the Notes.  
Guernsey 
Noteholders who are not resident in Guernsey (which includes Alderney and Herm) will not suffer any tax in 
Guernsey in respect of any payments of interest or distributions or income of a similar nature made to them by the Issuer 
in respect of their holding of the Notes provided such payments are not to be taken into account in computing the profits 
of any permanent establishment in Guernsey through which such Noteholder carries on business in Guernsey.   
A Noteholder who is resident in Guernsey (which includes Alderney and Herm) for Guernsey tax purposes, or 
who is not so resident but carries on business in Guernsey through a permanent establishment to which the payments of 
interest or distributions or income of a similar nature arising from their holding of Notes are attributable, will incur 
Guernsey income tax at the applicable rate in respect of such payments by the Issuer. Where such Noteholder is an 
individual, to the extent the payment is of a distribution the Issuer is responsible for the deduction of tax from such 
payment and the accounting of that tax to the Director of the Revenue Service in Guernsey in respect of the liability to 
Guernsey income tax of such Noteholder.  
Guernsey currently does not levy taxes upon capital, inheritances, capital gains, gifts, sales or turnover, nor are 
there any estate duties (save for registration fees and ad valorem duty for a Guernsey Grant of Representation where the 
deceased dies leaving assets in Guernsey which require presentation of such a Grant). 
No duty will be chargeable in Guernsey on the issue, transfer, conversion or redemption of the Notes. 
U.S.-Guernsey Intergovernmental Agreement relating to FATCA 
On 13th December 2013 the Chief Minister of Guernsey signed an intergovernmental agreement with the United 
States (U.S.-Guernsey IGA) regarding the implementation of FATCA. Under FATCA and legislation enacted in 
Guernsey to implement the U.S.-Guernsey IGA, the Issuer is required to report certain information about certain 
Noteholders who are, or are entities that are controlled by one or more natural persons who are, residents or citizens of 
the United States, unless a relevant exemption applies. Where applicable, information that will need to be disclosed will 
include certain information about Noteholders, their ultimate beneficial owners and/or controllers, and their investment 
in and returns from the Notes. 
Under the terms of the U.S.-Guernsey IGA, Guernsey resident financial institutions that comply with the due 
diligence and reporting requirements of Guernsey’s domestic legislation to report certain information to the Guernsey tax 
authorities will be treated as compliant with FATCA and, as a result, should not be subject to FATCA withholding on

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
payments they receive and should not be required to withhold under FATCA on payments they make. If the Issuer does 
not comply with these obligations, it may be subject to a FATCA deduction on certain payments to it of U.S. source 
income (including interest and dividends) (from 1st July 2014) and proceeds from the sale of property that could give rise 
to U.S. source interest or dividends (from 1st January 2019). The U.S.-Guernsey IGA is implemented through Guernsey’s 
domestic legislation in accordance with guidance that is published in draft form. 
Under the U.S.-Guernsey IGA, securities that are “regularly traded” on an established securities market, such as 
the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2004/39/EC, are not considered financial accounts and are not subject to reporting. For these purposes, the Notes will be 
considered “regularly traded” if there is a meaningful volume of trading with respect to the Notes on an ongoing basis. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, from 1st January 2016, a Note will not be considered “regularly traded” and will be 
considered a financial account if the holder of the Note is not a financial institution acting as an intermediary. Such 
Noteholders will be required to provide information to the Issuer to allow the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under 
FATCA, although it is expected that whilst the Notes are in global form and held within Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and SIX SIS AG,the Noteholder will likely be a financial institution acting as an intermediary. Further, if 
and to the extent that the Issuer reports information in relation to a Noteholder (or a controller of a Noteholder) under an 
agreement entered into pursuant to the intergovernmental agreement between the U.S. and Switzerland, no such duplicate 
report should be required to be made in Guernsey. 
Common Reporting Standard 
On 13th February 2014, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development released the “Common 
Reporting Standard” (CRS) designed to create a global standard for the automatic exchange of financial account 
information, similar to the information to be reported under FATCA. On 29th October 2014, fifty-one jurisdictions signed 
the multilateral competent authority agreement (Multilateral Agreement) that activates this automatic exchange of 
FATCA-like information in line with the CRS. Since then further jurisdictions have also signed the Multilateral 
Agreement and over 100 jurisdictions have committed to adopting the CRS. Many of these jurisdictions have now adopted 
the CRS. Guernsey adopted the CRS with effect from 1st January 2016. 
Under the CRS and legislation enacted in Guernsey to implement the CRS, certain disclosure requirements are 
imposed in respect of certain Noteholders who are, or are entities that are controlled by one or more natural persons who 
are, residents of any of the jurisdictions that have also adopted the CRS, unless a relevant exemption applies. Certain due 
diligence obligations are also imposed. Where applicable, information that needs to be disclosed includes certain 
information about Noteholders, their ultimate beneficial owners and/or controllers, and their investment in and returns 
from the Notes.  The CRS is implemented through Guernsey’s domestic legislation in accordance with published local 
guidance which is supplemented by guidance issued by the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development. 
Under the CRS, there is currently no reporting exemption for securities that are "regularly traded" on an 
established securities market, although it is expected that whilst the Notes are in global form and held within Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or SIX SIS, the noteholder will likely be a financial institution acting as an intermediary. 
Noteholders that own Notes through a financial intermediary may be required to provide information to such financial 
intermediary in order to allow the financial intermediary to satisfy its obligations under the CRS. 
All prospective investors should consult with their own tax advisers regarding the possible implications of FATCA, 
the CRS and any other similar legislation and/or regulations on their investment in the Notes. 
Australia 
The following taxation summary is of a general nature only and addresses only some of the key Australian tax 
implications that may arise for a prospective holder of a Note or an interest in a Note (in the following taxation summary, 
an Investor) as a result of acquiring, holding or transferring the Note. The following is not intended to be, and should not 
be taken as, a comprehensive taxation summary for an Investor. Each reference in the following taxation summary to a 
“Note” includes a reference to an “interest in a Note” as the context requires. 
The taxation summary is based on the Australian taxation laws in force and the administrative practices of the 
Australian Taxation Office (the ATO) generally accepted as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Any of these may change 
in the future without notice and legislation introduced to give effect to announcements may contain provisions that are 
currently not contemplated and may have retroactive effect. 
(a) 
Taxation of interest on Notes 
(i) 
Australian Investors

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
Investors who are Australian tax residents, or who are non-residents that hold the Notes in carrying on 
business at or through a permanent establishment in Australia, will be taxable by assessment in respect 
of any interest income derived in respect of the Notes. Such Investors will generally be required to 
lodge an Australian tax return. The timing of assessment of the interest (e.g. a cash receipts or accruals 
basis) will depend upon the tax status of the particular Investor, the Terms and Conditions applicable 
to the Notes, and the potential application of the “Taxation of Financial Arrangements” provisions of 
the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Australia). 
If an Investor is an Australian resident (other than one that holds the Notes in carrying on business at 
or through a permanent establishment outside Australia) or a non-resident that holds the Notes in 
carrying on a business through a permanent establishment in Australia, no Australian interest 
withholding tax will be payable. 
Tax at the highest marginal income tax rate plus the Medicare Levy (currently 47 per cent.) may be 
deducted from payments to an Investor if the immediate holder of the Notes does not provide an 
Australian tax file number (TFN) or an Australian Business Number (ABN) (where applicable), or 
proof of a relevant exemption from quoting such numbers. 
(ii) 
Offshore Investors 
So long as the Issuer continues to be a non-resident of Australia, where the Notes issued by it are not 
attributable to an Australian permanent establishment of the Issuer, payments of principal and interest 
made in respect of the Notes should not be subject to Australian interest withholding tax. However, 
interest (which for the purposes of withholding tax is defined in section 128A(1AB) of the Tax Act to 
include amounts in the nature of, or in substitution for, interest and certain other amounts, including 
premiums on redemption or, for a Note issued at a discount, the difference between the amount repaid 
and the issue price) on Notes issued by the Issuer out of its Australian branch will be subject to 
Australian interest withholding tax at a current rate of 10 per cent. where the interest is paid to a non-
resident of Australia and not derived in carrying on business at or through an Australian permanent 
establishment, or to an Australian resident who derived the interest in carrying on business at or through 
a permanent establishment outside Australia (subject to certain exemptions – see below). 
Depending on their terms, Notes could in some cases be characterised as equity interests for tax 
purposes and be subject to different rules (e.g. Notes with returns contingent on the Issuer’s 
performance or discretion, or convertible into shares in the Issuer). The Issuer does not intend to issue 
any Notes that would be characterised as equity interests for tax purposes. 
Various exemptions are available from Australian interest withholding tax, including the “public offer” 
exemption, tax treaty exemptions, and pension fund exemption (each discussed further below). 
(iii) 
Public offer exemption 
An exemption from Australian interest withholding tax will be available under section 128F of the Tax 
Act in respect of any Notes if (at the time the relevant Notes are issued and the interest is paid) the 
Issuer is a company that is a non-resident carrying on business at or through an Australian permanent 
establishment and the Notes were issued in a manner which satisfies the “public offer test”. 
There are five principal methods of satisfying the public offer test, being broadly: 
 
offers to 10 or more unrelated financial institutions or securities dealers; 
 
offers to 100 or more investors; 
 
offers of listed Notes; 
 
offers via publicly available electronic or other information sources; and 
 
offers to a dealer, manager or underwriter who offers to sell those Notes within 30 days by one 
of the preceding methods. 
The public offer test will not be satisfied in respect of an issue of Notes if, at the time of issue, the Issuer 
knew, or had reasonable grounds to suspect, that any of the Notes, or an interest in any of the Notes, 
would be acquired either directly or indirectly by an Offshore Associate (as defined below) of the Issuer, 
other than in the capacity of a dealer, manager or underwriter in relation to the placement of the Notes,

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
or in the capacity of a clearing house, custodian, funds manager or responsible entity of a registered 
scheme. 
Accordingly, the Notes should not be acquired by any Offshore Associate of the Issuer, subject to the 
exceptions referred to above. 
Even if the public offer test is initially satisfied in respect of the Notes, if such Notes later come to be 
held by an Offshore Associate of the Issuer, and at the time of payment of interest on those Notes, the 
Issuer knows or has reasonable grounds to suspect that such person is an Offshore Associate of the 
Issuer, the exemption under section 128F does not apply to interest paid by the Issuer to such Offshore 
Associate in respect of those Notes, unless the Offshore Associate receives the payment in the capacity 
of a clearing house, paying agent, custodian, funds manager or responsible entity of a registered scheme. 
For the purposes of this section, an Offshore Associate is an “associate” of the Issuer as defined in 
section 128F(9) of the Tax Act who is: 
 
a non-resident of Australia that does not acquire the Notes or an interest in the Notes in carrying 
on a business in Australia at or through a permanent establishment of the associate in Australia; 
or 
 
a resident of Australia that acquires the Notes or an interest in the Notes in carrying on a 
business in a country outside Australia at or through a permanent establishment of the associate 
in that country. 
The definition of associate includes, among other things, persons who have a majority voting interest 
in the Issuer, or who are able to influence or control the Issuer, and persons in whom the Issuer has a 
majority voting interest, or whom the Issuer is able to influence or control (however this is not a 
complete statement of the definition). 
Unless otherwise specified in any applicable Final Terms (or another relevant supplement to this 
Prospectus), the Issuer intends to issue the Notes in a manner which will satisfy the requirements of 
section 128F of the Tax Act. 
(iv) 
Tax treaty exemption 
Various Australian double tax agreements, including those with the United States of America, the 
United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, the Republic of France, Japan, Germany, Switzerland, the Republic 
of South Africa and New Zealand (each a Specified Country), include exemptions from interest 
withholding tax for interest derived by: 
 
the government of the relevant Specified Country and certain governmental authorities and 
agencies in the Specified Country; and 
 
certain unrelated banks, and financial institutions which substantially derive their profits by 
carrying on a business of raising and providing finance, which are resident in the Specified 
Country, and which are dealing wholly independently with the Issuer (interest paid under a 
back-to-back loan or economically equivalent arrangement will not qualify for this exemption). 
The Australian government is progressively amending its other double tax agreements to include similar 
kinds of interest withholding tax exemptions. Prospective Investors should obtain their own independent 
tax advice as to whether any of the exemptions under the relevant double tax agreements may apply to 
their particular circumstances. In particular, the availability of relief under Australia’s tax treaties may 
be limited by Australia’s adoption of the Multilateral Convention to Implement Tax Treaty Related 
Measures to Prevent Base Erosion and Profit Shifting in circumstances where an Investor has an 
insufficient connection with the relevant jurisdiction. 
(v) 
Pension fund exemption 
An exemption is available in respect of interest paid to a non-resident superannuation fund where that 
fund is a superannuation fund maintained solely for foreign residents and the interest arising from the 
Notes is exempt from income tax in the country in which such superannuation fund is resident. 
However, this exemption may not apply if the fund has either (i) an ownership interest (direct and 
indirect) of 10 per cent. of more in the Issuer, or (ii) influence over the Issuer’s key decision making. 
(b) 
Taxation of gains on disposal or redemption

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
(i) 
Australian Investors 
Investors who are Australian tax residents, or who are non-residents that hold the Notes in carrying on 
business at or through a permanent establishment in Australia, will be required to include any gain or 
loss on disposal of the Notes in their assessable income. 
The determination of the amount and timing of any gain or loss on disposition or redemption of the 
Notes may be affected by the “Taxation of Financial Arrangements” provisions, which provide for a 
specialised regime for the taxation of financial instruments, and, where the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than Australian Dollars, the foreign currency rules. Prospective Investors should obtain 
their own independent tax advice in relation to the determination of any gain or loss on disposal or 
redemption of the Notes. 
(ii) 
Offshore Investors 
An Investor who is a non-resident of Australia and who has never held the Notes in carrying on a 
business at or through a permanent establishment within Australia will not be subject to Australian 
income tax or capital gains tax on gains realised on the sale or redemption of such Notes provided such 
gains do not have an Australian source. A gain arising on the sale of a Note by a non-Australian resident 
Holder to another non-Australian resident where the Note is sold outside Australia and all negotiations 
are conducted and all documentation is executed outside Australia should generally not be regarded as 
having an Australian source. 
(iii) 
Collection powers 
The ATO and other revenue authorities in Australia have wide powers for the collection of unpaid tax 
debts. This can include issuing a notice to an entity operating in Australia requiring a deduction from 
any payment to an Investor in respect of any unpaid tax liabilities of that Investor. 
(iv) 
Stamp duty 
No ad valorem stamp, issue, registration or similar taxes are payable in Australia on the issue, transfer 
or redemption of the Notes. 
(v) 
Death duties 
The Notes will not be subject to death, estate or succession duties imposed by Australia or by any 
political subdivision or authority therein having power to tax if held at the time of death. 
(vi) 
Goods and Services Tax 
Neither the issue nor receipt of the Notes will give rise to a liability for GST in Australia on the basis 
that the supply of Notes will comprise either an input taxed financial supply or (in the case of an offshore 
non-resident subscriber) a GST-free supply. Furthermore, neither the payment of principal or interest 
on the Notes would give rise to a GST liability. 
Singapore 
The statements below are general in nature and are based on certain aspects of current tax laws in Singapore and 
administrative guidelines and circulars issued by Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (IRAS) and the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore (the MAS) in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in such 
laws, administrative guidelines or circulars, or the interpretation of those laws, guidelines or circulars, occurring after 
such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive basis. These laws, guidelines and circulars are also subject to 
various interpretations and no assurance can be given that the relevant tax authorities or the courts will agree with the 
explanations or conclusions set out below. Neither these statements nor any other statements in this Base Prospectus are 
intended or are to be regarded as advice on the tax position of any holder of Notes or of any person acquiring, selling or 
otherwise dealing with the Notes or on any tax implications arising from the acquisition, sale or other dealings in respect 
of the Notes. The statements made herein do not purport to be a comprehensive or exhaustive description of all the tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and do not 
purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in 
securities or financial institutions in Singapore which have been granted the relevant Financial Sector Incentive(s)) may 
be subject to special rules or tax rates. The statements should not be regarded as advice on the tax position of any person 
and should be treated with appropriate caution. Holders and prospective holders of the Notes are advised to consult their 
own tax advisors as to the Singapore or other tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership of or disposal of the Notes,

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
including, in particular, the effect of any foreign, state or local tax laws to which they are subject. It is emphasised that 
none of the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers and any other persons involved in the issue of the Notes accepts 
responsibility for any tax effects or liabilities resulting from the subscription for, purchase, holding or disposal of the 
Notes. 
(c) 
Interest and other payments 
Subject to the following paragraphs, under Section 12(6) of the ITA, the following payments are deemed to be 
derived from Singapore: 
(i) 
any interest, commission, fee or any other payment in connection with any loan or indebtedness or with 
any arrangement, management, guarantee, or service relating to any loan or indebtedness which is (i) 
borne, directly or indirectly, by a person resident in Singapore or a permanent establishment in 
Singapore (except in respect of any business carried on outside Singapore through a permanent 
establishment outside Singapore or any immovable property situated outside Singapore) or (ii) 
deductible against any income accruing in or derived from Singapore; or 
(ii) 
any income derived from loans where the funds provided by such loans are brought into or used in 
Singapore. 
Payments falling within paragraphs (i) and (ii) above and made by CS, acting through its Singapore branch, 
would fall within Section 12(6) of the ITA. 
Such payments, where made to a person not known to the paying party to be a resident in Singapore for tax 
purposes, are generally subject to withholding tax in Singapore. The rate at which tax is to be withheld for such 
payments (other than those subject to the 15 per cent. final withholding tax described below) to non-resident 
persons (other than non-resident individuals) is currently 17 per cent. The applicable rate for non-resident 
individuals is currently 22 per cent. However, if the payment is derived by a person not resident in Singapore 
otherwise than from any trade, business, profession or vocation carried on or exercised by such person in 
Singapore and is not effectively connected with any permanent establishment in Singapore of that person, the 
payment is subject to a final withholding tax of 15 per cent. The rate of 15 per cent. may be reduced by applicable 
tax treaties. 
However, certain Singapore-sourced investment income derived by individuals from financial instruments is 
exempt from tax, including: 
(i) 
interest from debt securities derived on or after 1st January 2004; 
(ii) 
discount income (not including discount income arising from secondary trading) from debt securities 
derived on or after 17th February 2006; and 
(iii) 
(prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost from debt securities derived on or after 15th 
February 2007, 
except where such income is derived through a partnership in Singapore or is derived from the carrying on of a 
trade, business or profession. 
(d) 
Withholding tax exemption on payments by (amongst others) licensed banks 
Pursuant to Section 45I of the ITA, payments of income which are deemed under Section 12(6) of the ITA to be 
derived from Singapore and which are made by a specified entity shall be exempt from withholding tax if such 
payments are liable to be made by such specified entity to persons who are not resident of Singapore for 
Singapore income tax purposes (other than persons acting through a permanent establishment in Singapore) for 
the purpose of its trade or business under a debt security which is issued during the period from 17 February 
2012 to 31 December 20261 (both dates inclusive)2 provided further that the payment does not arise from a 
transaction to which the general-anti-avoidance rule in Section 33 of the ITA applies.  
Notwithstanding the above, permanent establishments in Singapore of non-resident persons are required to 
declare such payments in their annual income tax returns and will be assessed to tax on such payments (unless 
specifically exempt from tax). A specified entity includes a bank licensed under the Banking Act, Chapter 19 of 
                                                   
1 The end date of 31 March, 2021 has been extended to 31 December 2026 as announced in the Singapore Budget Statement 2021 on 16 February 2021. 
2 The end date of 31 March 2021 does not apply for payments made to Singapore branches of non-resident companies as there is a waiver of withholding 
tax on all section 12(6) ITA and 12(7) ITA payments made to such entities.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
Singapore or a merchant bank approved under the Monetary Authority of Singapore Act, Chapter 186 of 
Singapore. 
(c) 
Qualifying Debt Securities Scheme 
Where more than half of the debt securities under a tranche of Notes are distributed by a Financial Sector 
Incentive (Capital Market) Company, a Financial Sector Incentive (Standard Tier) Company or a Financial 
Sector Incentive (Bond Market) Company (each as defined in the ITA), such tranche of Notes (the Relevant 
Notes) issued as debt securities under the Programme during the period from the date of this Base Prospectus to 
31st December 2023 would be qualifying debt securities for the purposes of the ITA, to which the following 
treatments shall apply: 
(i) 
(in the case of Relevant Notes the payments under which fall within Section 12(6) of the ITA) subject 
to certain prescribed conditions having been fulfilled (including the furnishing of a return on debt 
securities to the MAS for the Relevant Notes within such period as the relevant authorities may specify 
and such other particulars in connection with the Relevant Notes as the MAS may require, and the 
inclusion by the Issuer in all offering documents relating to the Relevant Notes of a statement to the 
effect that where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost from 
the Relevant Notes is derived by a person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any 
operation in Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption for 
qualifying debt securities shall not apply if the non-resident person acquires the Relevant Notes using 
funds from that person’s operations through the Singapore permanent establishment), interest, discount 
income (not including discount income arising from secondary trading), prepayment fee, redemption 
premium and break cost (collectively, the Qualifying Income) from the Relevant Notes paid by the 
Issuer and derived by a holder who is not resident in Singapore and who (aa) does not have any 
permanent establishment in Singapore or (bb) carries on any operation in Singapore through a 
permanent establishment in Singapore but the funds used by that person to acquire the Relevant Notes 
are not obtained from such person’s operation through a permanent establishment in Singapore, are 
exempt from Singapore tax; 
(ii) 
subject to certain conditions having been fulfilled (including the furnishing of a return on debt securities 
to the MAS in respect of the Relevant Notes within such period as the MAS may specify and such other 
particulars in connection with the Relevant Notes as the MAS may require), Qualifying Income from 
the Relevant Notes derived by any company or body of persons (as defined in the ITA) in Singapore is 
subject to income tax at a concessionary rate of 10 per cent. (except for holders of the relevant Financial 
Sector Incentive(s) who may be taxed at different rates); and 
(iii) 
(in the case of Relevant Notes the payments under which fall within Section 12(6) of the ITA) subject 
to: 
(A) 
the Issuer including in all offering documents relating to the Relevant Notes a statement to the 
effect that any person whose interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium 
or break cost derived from the Relevant Notes is not exempt from tax shall include such income 
in a return of income made under the ITA; and 
(B) 
the furnishing to the MAS of a return on debt securities for the Relevant Notes within such 
period as the MAS may specify and such other particulars in connection with the Relevant 
Notes as the MAS may require, 
payments of Qualifying Income derived from the Relevant Notes are not subject to withholding of tax 
by the Issuer. 
However, notwithstanding the foregoing: 
I. 
if during the primary launch of the Relevant Notes, the Relevant Notes are issued to fewer than four 
persons and 50 per cent. or more of the issue of such Relevant Notes is beneficially held or funded, 
directly or indirectly, by related parties of the Issuer, such  Relevant Notes would not qualify as 
“qualifying debt securities”; and 
II. 
even though the  Relevant Notes are “qualifying debt securities”, if at any time during the tenure of 
such Relevant Notes, 50 per cent. or more of the issue of such Relevant Notes which are outstanding at 
any time during the life of their issue are beneficially held or funded, directly or indirectly, by any 
related party(ies) of the Issuer, Qualifying Income derived from such Relevant Notes held by:

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
(i) 
any related party of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
any other person where the funds used by such person to acquire such Relevant Notes are 
obtained, directly or indirectly, from any related party of the Issuer, 
shall not be eligible for the tax exemption or concessionary rate of tax as described above. 
The term related party, in relation to a person, means any other person who, directly or indirectly, controls that 
person, or is controlled, directly or indirectly, by that person, or where he and that other person, directly or 
indirectly, are under the control of a common person. 
For the purposes of the ITA and this Singapore tax disclosure: 
(a) 
break cost means any fee payable by the issuer of the securities on the early redemption of the 
securities, the amount of which is determined by any loss or liability incurred by the holder of the 
securities in connection with such redemption; 
(b) 
prepayment fee means any fee payable by the issuer of the securities on the early redemption of the 
securities, the amount of which is determined by the terms of the issuance of the securities; and 
(c) 
redemption premium means any premium payable by the issuer of the securities on the redemption 
of the securities upon their maturity. 
Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost (i.e. the Qualifying Income) 
is derived from the Relevant Notes by any person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any 
operations in Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption available for QDS 
under the ITA (as mentioned above) shall not apply if such person acquires such Relevant Notes using the funds 
and profits of such person’s operations through a permanent establishment in Singapore. Notwithstanding that 
the Issuer is permitted to make payments of interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or 
break cost (i.e. the Qualifying Income) under the Relevant Notes without deduction or withholding of tax under 
Section 45 or Section 45A of the ITA, any person whose interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption 
premium or break cost (i.e. the Qualifying Income) derived from the Relevant Notes is not exempt from tax is 
required under the ITA to include such income in a return of income made under the ITA. 
(d) 
Gains on disposal of Notes 
Any gains considered to be in the nature of capital made from the sale of the Notes will not be taxable in 
Singapore. However, any gains derived by any person from the sale of the Notes which are gains from any trade, 
business, profession or vocation carried on by that person, if accruing in or derived from Singapore, may be 
taxable as such gains are considered revenue in nature. 
Holders of the Notes who apply or are required to apply Singapore Financial Reporting Standard 39 (FRS 39), 
Financial Reporting Standard 109 - Financial Instruments (FRS 109) or Singapore Financial Reporting Standard 
(International) 9 (Financial Instruments) (SFRS(I) 9) (as the case may be) may for Singapore income tax 
purposes be required to recognise gains or losses (not being gains or losses in the nature of capital) on the Notes, 
irrespective of disposal, in accordance with FRS 39, FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 (as the case may be). Please see the 
section below on “Adoption of FRS 39, FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 Treatment for Singapore Income Tax Purposes”. 
(e) 
Adoption of FRS 39, FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 treatment for Singapore income tax purposes 
Subject to certain “opt-out” provisions, Section 34A of the ITA requires taxpayers who adopt or are required to 
adopt FRS 39 for financial reporting purposes to calculate their profit, loss or expense for Singapore income tax 
purposes in respect of financial instruments in accordance with FRS 39, subject to certain exceptions provided 
in that section. The IRAS has also issued a circular entitled “Income Tax Implications Arising from the Adoption 
of FRS 39 – Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement” to provide guidance on the Singapore income 
tax treatment of financial instruments. 
FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 (as the case may be) is mandatorily effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 
January 2018, replacing FRS 39. Section 34AA of the ITA requires taxpayers who adopt or who are required to 
adopt FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 for financial reporting purposes to calculate their profit, loss or expense for 
Singapore income tax purposes in respect of financial instruments in accordance with FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 (as 
the case may be), subject to certain exceptions provided in that section. The IRAS has also issued a circular 
entitled “Income Tax: Income Tax Treatment Arising from Adoption of FRS 109 – Financial Instruments”.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
Holders of the Notes who may be subject to the tax treatment under the FRS 39 tax regime, FRS 109 tax regime 
or the SFRS(I) 9 tax regime should consult their own accounting and tax advisers regarding the Singapore 
income tax consequences of their acquisition, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
(f) 
Estate duty 
Singapore estate duty has been abolished with respect to all deaths occurring on or after 15 February 2008.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (as the same may be supplemented, 
amended and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 21st May 2021, agreed with the Issuer a 
basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend 
to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, 
the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any 
future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith.    
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or 
other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or, if Category 2 is specified 
in the Final Terms, to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
and regulations thereunder. 
If Category 2 is specified in the Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as 
part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of 
the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Accordingly, if Category 1 is specified in the Final Terms the Notes are being offered and sold only outside the 
United States in offshore transactions in reliance on, and in compliance with, Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption 
from registration under the Securities Act. 
Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited, an affiliate of the Issuer, may (but is not obligated to) engage in 
secondary market transactions for purposes of making a market in the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the applicable Final Terms specify the “Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors” as “Applicable”, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. 
For purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) (as amended, MiFID II); 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the EU Prospectus 
Regulation); and

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify “Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors” as “Not Applicable”, in 
relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an 
offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that 
Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
EU Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any 
Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the UK).   
For purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
EUWA);  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the UK Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities 
involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose 
ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by CS; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 
of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 
21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to CS; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it 
in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.  
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, and copies of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any 
other document relating to the Notes be distributed, in the Republic of Italy (Italy), except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and any application provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24th February 1998, as 
amended (the Italian Financial Services Act) and/or Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances that are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB regulation No. 11971 of 14th May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any 
other document relating to the Notes in Italy under (a) or (b) above must: 
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
Italy in accordance with the Italian Financial Services Act, CONSOB regulation No. 20307 of 15th

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1st September 1993, 
as amended (the Italian Banking Act); and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Italian 
Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) 
and/or any other Italian authority. 
For purposes of this provision, the expression CONSOB means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la 
Borsa. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of sales to Belgian consumers” is specified as “Not 
Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or 
delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any individual in Belgium 
qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (a Belgian Consumer) and that it 
has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and 
that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any 
similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and it will not offer 
or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)) or to others 
for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to 
an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable 
laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
In addition, each Dealer represents and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes other than Zero-Coupon Notes issued by the Tokyo branch of Credit Suisse 
AG are subject to the provisions of “specified foreign-issued company bonds” (tokutei minkan kokugaisai) under the 
Special Taxation Measures Act (Act No. 26 of 1957, as amended). Accordingly, with respect to the Notes issued by the 
Tokyo branch of Credit Suisse AG, each of the Dealers has also represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it (i) has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold any 
of the Notes to, or for the benefit of, any person other than a Gross Recipient (as defined below), and (ii) it will not, 
directly or indirectly, offer or sell any of the Notes, (a) as part of the initial distribution by Dealers to, or for the benefit 
of, any person other than a Gross Recipient, and (b) otherwise until 40 days after the date of issue, to, or for the benefit 
of, any individual resident of Japan or Japanese corporation for Japanese tax purposes (except for (i) a Japanese financial 
institution, designated in Article 3-2-2 paragraph 29 of the Cabinet Order relating to the Special Taxation Measures Act 
(Cabinet Order No. 43 of 1957, as amended, the “Cabinet Order”) that will hold the Notes for its own proprietary account 
(a “Designated Financial Institution”) and (ii) an individual resident of Japan or a Japanese corporation whose receipt of 
interest on the Notes will be made through a payment handling agent in Japan as defined in Article 2-2 paragraph 2 of the 
Cabinet Order (an “Article 3-3 Japanese Resident”)). A “Gross Recipient” as used herein means (a) a beneficial owner 
that is, for Japanese tax purposes, neither (x) an individual resident of Japan or a Japanese corporation, nor (y) an 
individual non-resident of Japan or a non-Japanese corporation that in either case is a person having a special relationship 
with the Issuer as described in Article 6, paragraph 4 of the Special Taxation Measures Act, (b) a Designated Finanacial 
Institution, or (c) an Article 3-3 Japanese Resident. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase and it will not offer or sell any Notes or cause any Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale or invitation for subscription or purchase 
of any Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (1) to an institutional investor (as

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (2) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 
275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (3) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with 
the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person (as defined in 
Section 275(2) of the SFA) which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest howsoever described in that trust shall not be transferred within six 
months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA 
except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA), or to any 
person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification – Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, all Notes shall be 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and in the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (the 
Corporations Act)) in relation to the Programme or any Notes has been or will be lodged with the Australian Securities 
and Investments Commission (ASIC). Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, unless the applicable Final Terms otherwise provide, it: 
(a) 
has not (directly or indirectly) offered, and will not offer for issue or sale and has not invited, and will 
not invite, applications for issue, or offers to purchase, the Notes in, to or from Australia (including an 
offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, this Base Prospectus or any other 
offering material or advertisement relating to the Notes in Australia, 
unless (1) the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least AUD 500,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies, disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates) or the offer or invitation otherwise 
does not require disclosure to investors in accordance with Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act, (2) the offer or 
invitation is not made to a person who is a “retail client” within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act, (3) 
such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives, and (4 The offering of the Notes has not been 
registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each) such action does not require any document to 
be lodged with ASIC. 
Canada 
No securities commission or similar authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way passed upon this Base 
Prospectus or the merits of the Notes described herein and any representation to the contrary is an offence.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be qualified for distribution under the securities laws of Canada or any 
province or territory of Canada. Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to be represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or distributed and will not offer, sell or 
distribute any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to or for the benefit of any resident of Canada, other than in 
compliance with applicable securities laws. Each Dealer has also represented and agreed and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to be represent and agree that it has not and will not distribute or deliver 
this Base Prospectus, or any other offering material in connection with any offering of Notes in Canada, other than in 
compliance with applicable securities laws. 
Switzerland 
(a) Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that, subject to paragraph (b) below: 
(i) the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning 
of the Swiss Financial Services Act of 15th June 2018, as amended (the FinSA) and will not be 
admitted to trading on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland; 
(ii) neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to any Notes (x) constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA 
or (y) has been or will be filed with or approved by a Swiss review body pursuant to article 52 of 
the FinSA; and 
(iii) neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor other offering or marketing material relating 
to any Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
(b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, in respect of any Tranche of Notes to be issued, the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealers may agree that (x) such Notes may be publicly offered in Switzerland within the meaning 
of the FinSA and/or (y) an application will be made by (or on behalf of) the Issuer to admit such Notes to 
trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) 
in Switzerland, provided that the Issuer and the relevant Dealers agree to comply, and comply, with any 
applicable requirements of the FinSA and the Swiss Financial Services Ordinance of 6th November 2019 
(the FinSO) in connection with such offering and/or application for admission to trading. 
(c) Under no circumstances may Notes with a derivative character within the meaning of article 86(2) of the 
FinSO be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of the FinSA in Switzerland, unless 
a key information document (Basisinformationsblatt) pursuant to article 58(1) FinSA (or any equivalent 
document under the FinSA) has been prepared in relation to such Notes. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will 
obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales 
or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or 
assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme has been duly authorised by the Treasurer of Credit Suisse AG on 18th May 2021. 
Approval, Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II. 
The following is a brief summary of a general nature regarding the position of the holders of Notes under the 
laws of England with respect to the three items specified below. This summary is for information purposes only and shall 
not constitute legal advice as to the matters described therein. 
Permissibility of joint legal representation of investors before the courts of England: 
As further described herein, the Notes will initially be represented by interests in a Global Note or issued in 
uncertificated form. So long as the Notes are represented by interests in a Global Note, the right to commence proceedings 
in respect of any breach by the Issuer lies with (i) the common depositary or the common safekeeper, as the case may be, 
as holder of the relevant Global Note or (ii) the individual Noteholders pursuant to the direct enforcement rights provided 
in the Deed of Covenant. In addition, in a default situation, the Noteholders could seek to exchange the relevant Global 
Note for definitive Notes. So long as the Notes are represented by a Swiss Global Note or in the case of Uncertificated 
Notes, the right to commence proceedings in respect of any breach by CS lies with individual Noteholders pursuant to 
the direct enforcement rights provided in the Deed of Covenant. In practice neither the common depositary nor the 
common safekeeper could be expected to enforce the rights of the Noteholders. As such, proceedings would be most 
likely pursued by the individual Noteholders either under the Deed of Covenant or through their holding of one or more 
definitive Notes in the event of exchange. Individual Noteholders could seek joint representation in pursuing their separate 
claims or as co-plaintiffs in a single action. Where separate actions are commenced, a court could order them consolidated 
and tried together or move forward with one case on the basis it will establish a precedent for adjudication of the similar 
claims. 
Maintenance of anonymity in instances of joint legal representation before the courts of England: 
It is not practicable, as a matter of English judicial procedure, for a Noteholder to maintain anonymity in legal 
proceedings brought in an English court to enforce his or her individual rights under the Notes. 
Equal treatment in suit of domestic and foreign plaintiffs before the courts of England: 
There is a formal distinction as to the treatment of domestic and foreign participants before the English courts. 
As a matter of practice, however, claimants from certain other jurisdictions may be more likely to be required to post 
security for costs of unsuccessful proceedings, since the defendant will be in a better position to argue that his chances 
for recovering those costs are limited were he to successfully defend the claim. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, when 
published, be available for inspection from https://www.credit-suisse.com/about-us/en/investor-relations/debt-
investors/euro-medium-term-note-programme.html: 
(a) 
the articles of association (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Form 20-F dated 18th March 2021; 
(c) 
the Form 6-K dated 6th April 2021, the Form 6-K dated 22nd April 2021, the Form 6-K dated 30th 
April 2021, the Second Form 6-K dated 30th April 2021 and the Form 6-K dated 6th May 2021; 
(d) 
the Note Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(f) 
any future Base Prospectuses, all supplements to this Base Prospectus and all Final Terms (save that a 
Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA or

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
in the UK nor offered in the EEA or in the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such 
Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its 
holding of Notes and identity) and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference.  
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the documents listed in (a) to 
(d) above will, when published, be available for inspection and the documents listed in (e) and (f) will, when published, 
be available for collection from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and each document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
are available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website at (www.bourse.lu). 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and through SIS 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, ISIN, Swiss Security Number (if applicable) 
and, if available, the FISN and/or CFI code for each Tranche of Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg and 
the address of SIS is SIX SIS AG, Baslerstrasse 100, 4600 Olten (P.O. Box, 4601 Olten), Switzerland. 
Ratings 
CS has an issuer credit rating of A+ from S&P, a long-term issuer default rating of A from Fitch and an issuer 
rating of Aa3 from Moody’s. With respect to Notes having a maturity of one year or more, the Programme has been rated 
A+ by S&P, A by Fitch and Aa3 by Moody’s. 
An obligation rated “A” by S&P is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances 
and economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories. However, the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation is still strong. The addition of a plus or minus sign shows the relative standing within the 
rating category (source: www.standardandpoors.com). Ratings of “A” by Fitch denote expectations of low default risk. 
The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more 
vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
Obligations rated “Aa” by Moody’s are judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk. The modifier 
1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category, the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range 
ranking and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category (source: 
www.moodys.com). 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant 
Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not 
be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Change 
Apart from (1) the uncertainty relating to the impact of the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic disclosed in (i) 
this Base Prospectus in “Risk Factors – 2 Market and Credit Risks – 2.1 The ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic has 
adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our business, operations and financial performance”, (ii) the 
sections of the Form 20-F Dated 18th March 2021 headed “II – Operating and financial review – Operating environment” 
on pages 60 to 62 (pages 78 to 80 of the PDF file), “II – Operating and financial review – Credit Suisse – COVID-19 
pandemic and related regulatory measures” on pages 68 to 69 (pages 86 to 87 of the PDF file) and “III – Treasury, Risk, 
Balance sheet and Off-balance sheet – Risk management – Key risk developments” on pages 139 to 141 (pages 157 to 
159 of the PDF file), and (iii) the sections of the Form 6-K Dated 6th May 2021 headed “I – Credit Suisse results –

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
Operating environment” on pages 4 to 5 (pages 11 to 12 of the PDF file), “I – Credit Suisse results—Credit Suisse—
Other information – COVID-19 pandemic” on page 14 (page 21 of the PDF file), and “II – Treasury, risk, balance sheet 
and off-balance sheet – Risk Management – Overview and risk-related developments – Key risk developments – COVID-
19 pandemic” on page 58 (page 65 of the PDF file), and (2) the consequences of the matters disclosed in (i) this Base 
Prospectus, in “Risk Factors – 2 Market and Credit Risks – 2.12 Significant negative consequences of the supply chain 
finance funds and U.S.-based hedge fund matters”, and (ii) the sections of the Form 6-K Dated 6th May 2021 headed “I 
– Credit Suisse results – Credit Suisse – Other information – U.S.-based hedge fund matter” and ”I – Credit Suisse results 
– Credit Suisse – Other information – Supply chain finance funds matter” on page 12 (page 19 of the PDF file), “II – 
Treasury, risk, balance sheet and off-balance sheet – Capital management – Regulatory developments” on page 50 (page 
57 of the PDF file), “II – Treasury, risk, balance sheet and off-balance sheet – Risk Management – Overview and risk-
related developments – Key risk developments – U.S.-based hedge fund and supply chain finance funds matters” on page 
58 (page 65 of the PDF file) and “III – Condensed consolidated financial statements – unaudited – Notes to the condensed 
consolidated financial statements – unaudited – Note 3 Business developments and subsequent events – Business 
developments – U.S.-based hedge fund matter” and “III – Condensed consolidated financial statements – unaudited – 
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements – unaudited – Note 3 Business developments and subsequent 
events – Business developments – Supply chain finance funds matter” on page 81 (page 88 of the PDF file), there has 
been no significant change in the financial performance or position of CS and its consolidated subsidiaries since 31st 
March 2021. 
Apart from (1) the uncertainty relating to the impact of the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic disclosed in (i) 
this Base Prospectus in “Risk Factors – 2 Market and Credit Risks—2.1 The ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic has 
adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our business, operations and financial performance”, (ii) the 
sections of the Form 20-F Dated 18th March 2021 headed “II—Operating and financial review—Operating environment” 
on pages 60 to 62 (pages 78 to 80 of the PDF file), “II—Operating and financial review—Credit Suisse—COVID-19 
pandemic and related regulatory measures” on pages 68 to 69 (pages 86 to 87 of the PDF file) and “III—Treasury, Risk, 
Balance sheet and Off-balance sheet—Risk management—Key risk developments” on pages 139 to 141 (pages 157 to 159 
of the PDF file), and (iii) the sections of the Form 6-K Dated 6th May 2021 headed “I – Credit Suisse results—Operating 
environment” on pages 4 to 5 (pages 11 to 12 of the PDF file), “I – Credit Suisse results—Credit Suisse—Other 
information—COVID-19 pandemic” on page 14 (page 21 of the PDF file), and “II – Treasury, risk, balance sheet and 
off-balance sheet—Risk Management—Overview and risk-related developments—Key risk developments—COVID-19 
pandemic” on page 58 (page 65 of the PDF file), and (2) the consequences of the matters disclosed in (i) this Base 
Prospectus, in “Risk Factors—2. Market and Credit Risks – 2.12 Significant negative consequences of the supply chain 
finance funds and U.S.-based hedge fund matters”, and (ii) the sections of the Form 6-K Dated 6th May 2021 headed “I 
– Credit Suisse results – Credit Suisse – Other information – U.S.-based hedge fund matter” and ”I – Credit Suisse 
results—Credit Suisse – Other information – Supply chain finance funds matter” on page 12 (page 19 of the PDF file), 
“II – Treasury, risk, balance sheet and off-balance sheet – Capital management – Regulatory developments” on page 50 
(page 57 of the PDF file), “II – Treasury, risk, balance sheet and off-balance sheet – Risk Management – Overview and 
risk-related developments – Key risk developments – U.S.-based hedge fund and supply chain finance funds matters” on 
page 58 (page 65 of the PDF file) and “III – Condensed consolidated financial statements – unaudited – Notes to the 
condensed consolidated financial statements – unaudited – Note 3 Business developments and subsequent events – 
Business developments – U.S.-based hedge fund matter” and “III – Condensed consolidated financial statements – 
unaudited – Notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements – unaudited – Note 3 Business developments and 
subsequent events – Business developments – Supply chain finance funds matter” on page 81 (page 88 of the PDF file), 
there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of CS and its consolidated subsidiaries since 31st December 
2021. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed under the section titled “Credit Suisse AG —Legal Proceedings”, neither the Issuer nor any of 
its consolidated subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of 
this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of 
the Issuer or the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 
Auditors 
Since 30th April 2020, the Issuer’s independent statutory auditor is PricewaterhouseCoopers AG (PwC), 
Birchstrasse 160, 8050 Zurich, Switzerland. CS’s consolidated balance sheet as of 31st December 2020, and the related 
consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the year then ended, 
as well as the adjustments to reflect the change in the composition of reportable segments as presented in Note 4 and 
described in Note 3 to such consolidated financial statements were audited by PwC in accordance with the standards of

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). The Audited 2020 Parent Financial Statements were 
audited by PwC in accordance with Swiss law and Swiss Auditing Standards.  
Until 30th April 2020, the Issuer’s independent auditor and statutory auditor was KPMG AG (KPMG), 
Räffelstrasse 28, 8045 Zurich, Switzerland. CS’s consolidated balance sheet as of 31st December 2019, and the related 
consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each in the two-year 
period ended 31 December 2019, and the related notes, before the adjustments to reflect the change in the composition of 
reportable segments as presented in Note 4 and described in Note 3 to such consolidated financial statements were audited 
by KPMG in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  
In 2018, upon the recommendation of the Audit Committee of CSG, the Board of CSG decided to propose PwC 
to succeed KPMG as the new independent statutory auditor of the Group (including CS) at the annual general meetings 
of CSG and CS in April 2020. The appointment was approved by the shareholders of CSG and CS at the annual general 
meetings of CSG and CS on 30th April 2020 and became effective for the fiscal year ending 31st December 2020. The 
shareholders of CSG and CS re-elected PwC as CSG’s and CS’s statutory auditor for the fiscal year ending 31st December 
2021 at their annual general meetings on 30th April 2021. The lead audit Group engagement partners of PwC are Matthew 
Falconer, Global Lead Partner, (since 2020) and Matthew Goldman, Group Audit Partner (since 2020). 
PwC and KPMG are each registered with EXPERTsuisse-Swiss Expert Association for Audit, Tax and 
Fiduciary. PwC and KPMG are each also registered with the Swiss Federal Audit Oversight Authority, which is 
responsible for the licensing and supervision of audit firms and individuals which provide audit services in Switzerland. 
In addition, CS has mandated BDO AG, Fabrikstrasse 50, 8031 Zurich, Switzerland, as special auditor for the 
purposes of issuing the legally required report for capital increases in accordance with Article 652f of the Swiss Code of 
Obligations. BDO AG is registered with the Federal Audit Oversight Authority, which is responsible for the licensing 
and supervision of audit firms and individuals which provide audit services in Switzerland. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Credit Suisse International and Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited are affiliates of the Issuer. 
CS, London Branch 
In the case of any Notes issued by CS, London Branch, such branch is authorised and regulated by FINMA in 
Switzerland, authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority, and subject to regulation by the FCA and limited 
regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. Details about the extent of the regulation of CS, London Branch by 
the Prudential Regulation Authority are available from CS on request. 
Notes deposited with CDS 
CS may issue Notes (referred to below as CDS Notes) which are intended to be deposited with CDS Clearing 
and Depository Services Inc. (CDS) or a nominee of CDS. If CDS Notes are issued, a supplement to the Note Agency 
Agreement will be entered into, appointing an agent in Canada. Set out below is certain information relating to CDS and 
CDS Notes: 
CDS 
CDS was formed in November 2006 pursuant to the restructuring of The Canadian Depository for Securities 
Limited (CDS Ltd.). CDS is wholly owned by CDS Ltd. CDS Ltd. was incorporated in 1970 and remains the holding 
company for CDS and two other operating subsidiaries and is Canada’s national securities clearing and depository 
services organisation. CDS Ltd. is wholly owned by TMX Group Limited. 
Functioning as a service utility for the Canadian financial community, CDS provides a variety of computer 
automated services for financial institutions and investment dealers active in domestic and international capital markets. 
CDS participants (CDS Participants) include banks (including the Canadian Subcustodians (as defined below)), 
investment dealers and trust companies and may include the Dealers or affiliates of the Dealers. Indirect access to CDS 
is available to other organisations that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a CDS Participant. Transfers 
of ownership and other interests, including cash distributions, in Notes in CDS may only be processed through CDS 
Participants and will be completed in accordance with existing CDS rules and procedures. CDS operates in Montreal, 
Toronto, Calgary and Vancouver to centralise securities clearing functions through a central securities depository. 
CDS is the exclusive clearing house for equity trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange and also clears a 
substantial volume of over the counter trading in equities and bonds. 
The address of CDS is 85 Richmond Street West, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M5H 2C9.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
Form, title and transfer 
The CDS Notes will be issued in the form of a registered global note deposited with CDS and held by and 
registered in the name of CDS or a nominee of CDS (the CDS Global Note). Beneficial interests in the CDS Global Note 
will be represented through book-entry accounts of financial institutions acting on behalf of beneficial owners as direct 
and indirect participants in CDS. Investors may elect to hold interests in the CDS Global Note directly through CDS (in 
Canada), or, if the applicable Final Terms so indicate, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear (in Europe) if they are 
participants of such systems, or indirectly through organisations which are participants in such systems. Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear will hold interests on behalf of their participants through customers’ securities accounts in 
their respective names on the books of their respective Canadian subcustodians, each of which is a Canadian Schedule I 
chartered bank (Canadian Subcustodians), which in turn will hold such interests in customers’ securities accounts in 
the names of the Canadian Subcustodians on the books of CDS. 
For so long as any of the CDS Notes are represented by a CDS Global Note, each person who is for the time 
being shown in the records of CDS as the beneficial owner of a particular principal amount of such CDS Global Note (in 
which regard any certificate or other document issued by CDS as to the principal amount of such CDS Notes standing to 
the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be 
treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such principal amount of such CDS Notes for all purpose 
other than for the payment of principal and interest on such Notes, the right to which shall be vested, as against the Issuer 
or any Paying Agent solely in CDS & Co., or any other nominee appointed by CDS. Principal and interest payments on 
the CDS Global Note will be made on behalf of the Issuer by the Agent (through a Canadian dollar wire transfer via its 
Toronto cash correspondent (Citibank, Toronto)) to CDS & Co., or any other nominee appointed by CDS, and CDS will 
distribute the payment received to the applicable clearing system. 
Exchange Events 
For the purposes of a CDS Note, “Exchange Event” (as referred to in “Form of the Notes – Form of Notes – 
Registered Notes”) shall mean that (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or (ii) CDS has notified the 
Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary in connection with the CDS Global Note or ceases to be a 
recognised clearing agency under the Securities Act (Ontario) or other applicable Canadian securities legislation, and a 
successor depositary is not appointed by the Issuer within 90 days after receiving such notice or becoming aware that 
CDS is no longer so recognised, the Issuer will issue or cause to be issued Notes in definitive form in exchange for the 
CDS Global Note. 
Direct rights 
Where payment in full of principal or interest has not been made in respect of the CDS Global Note, the Issuer 
understands that, under existing industry practices and CDS procedures, if the Issuer requests any action of the holder of 
the CDS Global Note or if an owner of a beneficial interest in the CDS Global Note wishes to give or take any action 
which the holder of the CDS Global Note is entitled to give or take under such CDS Global Note, CDS, or its respective 
nominees or successors, as the case may be, as the holders of such CDS Global Note would authorise the participants 
through which the relevant beneficial interests are held to give or take such action, and such participants would authorise 
owners of beneficial interests owning through such participants to give or take such action or would otherwise act upon 
the instructions of the beneficial owners holding through them. 
Additional information regarding clearing and settlement 
Links have been established among CDS and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear to facilitate initial 
issuance of the Notes and cross-market transfers of the Notes associated with secondary market trading. CDS will be 
directly linked to Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear through the CDS accounts of their respective Canadian 
Subcustodians. 
Global clearance and settlement procedures 
Initial settlement for the CDS Notes will be made in immediately available Canadian dollar funds. 
Secondary market trading between CDS Participants will be in accordance with market conventions applicable 
to transactions in book-based Canadian domestic bonds. Secondary market trading between Clearstream, Luxembourg 
participants and/or Euroclear participants will occur in the ordinary way in accordance with the applicable rules and 
operating procedures of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and will be settled using the procedures applicable to 
conventional Eurobonds in immediately available funds. 
Transfers between CDS and Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
Cross-market transfers between persons holding directly or indirectly through CDS Participants, on the one hand, 
and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear participants, on the other, will be effected in 
CDS in accordance with CDS rules; however, such cross-market transactions will require delivery of instructions to the 
relevant clearing system by the counterparty in such system in accordance with its rules and procedures and within its 
established deadlines. The relevant clearing system will, if the transaction meets its settlement requirements, deliver 
instructions to CDS directly or through its Canadian Subcustodian to take action to effect final settlement on its behalf by 
delivering or receiving CDS Notes, and making or receiving payment in accordance with normal procedures for settlement 
in CDS. Clearstream, Luxembourg participants and Euroclear participants may not deliver instructions directly to CDS 
or the Canadian Subcustodians. 
Because of time-zone differences, credits of Notes received in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear as a result 
of a transaction with a CDS Participant will be made during subsequent securities settlement processing and dated the 
business day following the CDS settlement date. Such credits or any transactions in such Notes settled during such 
processing will be reported to the relevant Clearstream, Luxembourg participants or Euroclear participants on such 
business day. Cash received in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear as a result of sales of Notes by or through a 
Clearstream, Luxembourg participant or a Euroclear participant to a CDS Participant will be received with value on the 
CDS settlement date but will be available in the relevant Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear cash account only as of 
the business day following settlement in CDS.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
 
Credit Suisse AG, Zurich head office 
 
 
Paradeplatz 8 
 
 
8001 Zurich 
 
 
Switzerland 
 
 
 
 
Credit Suisse AG, London 
branch 
Credit Suisse AG, Tokyo branch 
Credit Suisse AG, Singapore 
branch 
One Cabot Square  
Izumi Garden Tower 
1 Raffles Link 
London E14 4QJ  
1-6-1 Roppongi, 
#03-01 One Raffles Link 
United Kingdom  
Minato-ku 
Singapore 039393 
 
Tokyo 106-6024  
Japan 
Singapore 
 
 
 
Credit Suisse AG, Guernsey 
branch 
Credit Suisse AG, Sydney branch 
Credit Suisse AG, New York 
branch 
PO Box 368, Helvetia Court 
Level 31 Gateway 
11 Madison Avenue 
South Esplanade 
1 Macquarie Place 
New York, New York 
St Peter Port 
Guernsey 
Sydney NSW 
Australia, 2000 
10010, USA 
Channel Islands, GY1 3YJ 
United Kingdom 
 
 
AGENT, PAYING AGENT, REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
(for all Notes except Notes represented on issue by a Swiss Global Note and Uncertificated Notes) 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, 
Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Postal Address: L-2085 Luxembourg 
SWISS AGENT 
(for all Notes represented on issue by a Swiss Global Note and Uncertificated Notes) 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, 
Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Postal Address: L-2085 Luxembourg

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Swiss law 
Homburger AG 
Prime Tower 
Hardstrasse 201 
8005 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
To the Issuer as to English law 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer (From 2020 onwards) 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AG 
Birchstrasse 160 
8050 Zurich 
Switzerland 
To the Issuer (Prior to 2020) 
KPMG AG 
Räffelstrasse 28 
8045 Zurich 
Switzerland  
DEALERS 
 
Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited 
Credit Suisse International 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
 
0010446-0003033 UKO2: 2000450531.12