--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
CRÉDIT INDUSTRIEL ET COMMERCIAL 
(a "société anonyme à conseil d'administration" organised under the laws of the Republic of France) 
€15,000,000,000 
Structured Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under this €15,000,000,000 Structured Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Crédit Industriel et Commercial (the Issuer or CIC 
or Crédit Industriel et Commercial) may from time to time issue notes including credit linked notes, notes relating to a specified index or a basket of 
indices, a specified equity security or a basket of equity securities, a specified inflation index or a basket of inflation indices, a specified currency or a 
basket of currencies, a specified commodity or a basket of commodities, a specified fund or a basket of funds, a specified bond or a basket of bonds, a 
specified interest rate or a basket of interest rates, a specified future or a basket of futures or any combination thereof (the Notes) denominated in any 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €15,000,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein.The Notes 
may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "General Description of the Programme" and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific 
issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) 
subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
The Notes may be governed by English law (the English Law Notes) or French law (the French Law Notes, and together with the English Law Notes, 
the Notes), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and the corresponding provisions in the terms and conditions will apply to such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). 
This Base Prospectus received the approval from the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF) on 21 June 2023 and shall be in 
force for a period of one (1) year as of the date of its approval by the CSSF. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF in Luxembourg in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The 
CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
In accordance with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (loi relative aux prospectus 
pour valeurs mobilières) (the Prospectus Act 2019), by approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial 
soundness of the transaction or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. 
Application may also be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's regulated market, or a specific segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, to which only qualified investors 
(as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access (in which case they shall not be offered or sold to non-qualified investors) and to be listed on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU, as 
amended). 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, and save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the European Economic Area or offered through a Non-Exempt Offer in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €1,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information 
not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" or "Terms and Conditions 
of the French Law Notes", as applicable, together the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) of Notes will be set out in a final terms (the Final Terms) 
which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to 
be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the 
website of the Issuer (https://www.cic-marketsolutions.eu/fr/kidemtncic.aspx). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The long term debt of the Issuer has been rated A+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc (S&P), 
Aa3 by Moody's France S.A.S. (Moody's) and AA- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch). A rating by S&P denotes a strong capacity to meet 
financial commitments, but somewhat susceptible to adverse economic conditions and changes in circumstances. Aa3 rating by Moody’s is judged to 
be a high quality and subject to very low default risk. AA- rating by Fitch denotes expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial 
commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for 
higher ratings. Each of S&P, Moody's, and Fitch (the Rating Agencies) is established in the European Union and is registered under the Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such each of the Rating Agencies is included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by any one or more of the rating agencies referred to above.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the 
Programme by the Rating Agencies. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more “benchmarks” for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016, as amended (the Benchmarks Regulation). In this case, a statement will be included in 
the applicable Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the “benchmark” is included in ESMA’s register of administrators under 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
Arranger 
CRÉDIT INDUSTRIEL ET COMMERCIAL 
Dealers 
BANQUE DE LUXEMBOURG 
CRÉDIT INDUSTRIEL ET COMMERCIAL 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 21 June 2023

--- Page 3 ---
Important Information 
 
 
3 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the Prospectus 
Regulation). 
Certain information contained in this Base Prospectus and/or documents incorporated herein by 
reference have been extracted from sources specified in the sections where such information appears. 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto from time to time) contains or incorporates 
by reference all relevant information concerning the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a 
whole (the Group) which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets 
and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the 
Notes and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by the relevant third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Final Terms will (if applicable) specify the nature of 
the responsibility (if any) taken by the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any supplement thereto and all documents which 
are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This 
Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability 
is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with 
the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with 
the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered 
as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any 
Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the 
Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or, 
any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The 
Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the 
life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published documents incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes.

--- Page 4 ---
Important Information 
 
 
4 
 
 
The information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference") and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 2018, and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor, as defined in MiFID II) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the product governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer, as defined in MiFID II, in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the 
ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to

--- Page 5 ---
Important Information 
 
 
5 
 
 
EU non-legislative materials"), and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified 
or amended from time to time (the SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).

--- Page 6 ---
Important Information 
 
 
6 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may 
be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, 
no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of 
any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, United Kingdom, the European Economic Area 
including France, Republic of Italy and Switzerland, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the 
help of its financial and other professional advisers whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement and in the Final Terms; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
underlying and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be

--- Page 7 ---
Important Information 
 
 
7 
 
 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see 
"Subscription and Sale"). 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, all references to:  
 
€, Euro, EUR or euro are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union which was introduced on 1 January 1999;  
 
£, pounds sterling, GBP and Sterling are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom;  
 
$, USD and U.S. Dollars are to the lawful currency of the United States of America;  
 
AUD is to the lawful currency of Australia; 
 
CAD is to the lawful currency of Canada; 
 
¥, JPY, Japanese yen and Yen are to the lawful currency of Japan; 
 
CNY, RMB and Renminbi are to the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China; and 
 
Swiss francs or CHF are to the lawful currency of Switzerland. 
Any other applicable reference to a currency shall be specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Clause 
Page 
Important Information ........................................................................................................................................ 3 
General Description of the Programme .............................................................................................................. 9 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 13 
Important Information relating to Non-Exempt Offers of Notes where there is no exemption from the 
obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus ............................................................... 32 
Outstanding Non-Exempt Offers that go beyond the validity of the Base Prospectus ..................................... 34 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 35 
Persons Responsible for the Information given in this Base Prospectus .......................................................... 42 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 43 
Form of Final Terms Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000.......................................................... 46 
Form of Final Terms Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more ......................................................... 130 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes ............................................................................................ 210 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes ........................................................................................... 261 
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes ................................................................................................ 314 
Supplementary Provisions .............................................................................................................................. 494 
Technical Annex ............................................................................................................................................. 501 
Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................................................. 537 
Description of the Issuer ................................................................................................................................. 538 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 539 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 542 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 552

--- Page 9 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
 
 
9 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes (as defined below in "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" and 
the "Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes"), the applicable Final Terms. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. It does not, and is not intended to, constitute 
a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any 
implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" 
and the "Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes" shall have the same meanings in this general 
description. 
Issuer: 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial 
Description: 
Structured Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial 
Dealers: 
Banque de Luxembourg 
 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see "Subscription and Sale") including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute 
deposits for the purpose of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent. See "Subscription and Sale". 
 
Under the Prospectus Regulation, prospectuses relating to 
money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 
12 months and complying also with the definition of securities 
are not subject to the approval provisions stated therein.

--- Page 10 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
 
 
10 
 
 
Principal Paying Agent: 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch or the entity specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, with respect to English Law 
Notes, and BNP Paribas with respect to French Law Notes. 
Calculation Agent: 
Banque de Luxembourg, Crédit Industriel et Commercial or the 
entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Programme Size: 
Up to EUR 15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of 
the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated, subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions, in any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency.  
Issue Price: 
Notes will be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form in the Specified 
Currency and Specified Denomination(s) and definitive Notes 
will be serially numbered.  
Terms of Notes: 
The terms of the Notes will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The following types of Notes may be issued: (i) Fixed 
Rate Notes, (ii) Floating Rate Notes, (iii) Zero Coupon Notes or 
(iv) Notes linked to the underlying reference asset(s) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms such as Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, 
Currency Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, Fund Linked 
Notes, Bond Linked Notes, Rate Linked Notes, Future Linked 
Notes or any combination thereof. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than in specified instalments, if applicable, or for taxation 
reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will 
be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders 
upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case 
may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity 
and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. For further details, 
see condition 6 in the Terms and Conditions of the English Law

--- Page 11 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
 
 
11 
 
 
Notes and condition 9 in the Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes, as the case may be.  
 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that Notes may be 
redeemable in two or more instalments of such amounts and on 
such dates as are indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be €1,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
Certain Conditions of the Notes: 
See "Terms and conditions of the Notes" on pages 210 to 313 for 
a description of certain terms and conditions applicable to all 
Notes issued under the Programme.  
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes and, with respect to English 
Law Notes, Receipts or Coupons, will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by 
France or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, unless such withholding is required 
by law. In the event that any such withholding is made, the Issuer 
will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 7 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 10 (Taxation) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, be 
required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
withheld.  
Rating:  
The long term debt of the Issuer has been rated A+ by S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited, a division of The McGraw-Hill 
Companies, Inc (S&P), Aa3 by Moody's France S.A.S. 
(Moody's) and AA- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch). A 
rating by S&P denotes a strong capacity to meet financial 
commitments, but somewhat susceptible to adverse economic 
conditions and changes in circumstances. Aa3 rating by 
Moody’s is judged to be a high quality and subject to very low 
default risk. AA- rating by Fitch denotes expectations of low 
default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments 
is considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more 
vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is 
the case for higher ratings. Series of Notes issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is 
rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and not 
necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to the Issuer. A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 12 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
 
 
12 
 
 
Approval, Admission to trading and 
Listing: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this 
document as a base prospectus. Application may also be made 
for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Admission to trading 
is sought on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the United Kingdom and the European 
Economic Area and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes, see "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 13 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
13 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and 
may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme.  
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer and/or the Notes and material for an informed 
investment decision with respect to investing in Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal inherent risks in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or 
in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons. Prospective investors should also read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference 
herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
In each sub-category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risk, in its assessment, taking into account 
the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. 
Words and expressions defined under “Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes” and “Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes” shall have the same meanings in this section. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Such factors are set out at pages 200 to 206 of Crédit Industriel et Commercial's Document d’enregistrement 
universel 2022 incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference") and include:  
– 
Credit risks related to the Group’s banking activities 
– 
Risks related to the Group’s activities and macroeconomic conditions 
 
Liquidity risk 
 
Interest rate risk 
 
Market risks 
– 
Risks related to the Group’s regulatory environment 
– 
Risks related to the Group’s business operations 
 
Operational risks 
 
Business interruption risk 
 
Climate risks

--- Page 14 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
14 
 
 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THERISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
1. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES  
1.1 
Early Redemption Risks  
Early Redemption – "Fair Market Value" 
Noteholders should note that, if "Fair Market Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Series of Notes will be an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent, which, shall represent the fair market value of the Notes and 
shall have the effect (after taking into account the costs of unwinding any hedging arrangements, as determined 
by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion, entered into in respect of the Notes) of preserving for the 
Noteholders the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer to make the payments in respect of the 
Notes which would, but for such early redemption, have fallen due after the relevant early redemption date. 
As a result, depending on the amount of the fair market value, Noteholders may receive less amount than 
invested. 
Early Redemption Unwind Costs 
Noteholders should note that, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Early Redemption Amount in 
respect of the relevant Series of Notes will include a deduction in respect of Early Redemption Unwind Costs. 
If the Early Redemption Unwind Costs are stated to be Standard Early Redemption Costs, then such amount 
will comprise an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all 
costs, expenses (including loss of funding), tax and duties incurred by the Issuer in connection with the 
redemption of the Notes and the related termination, settlement or re-establishment of any hedge or related 
trading position. As a result, Noteholders may receive less amount than invested.  
Redemption at the option of the Issuer  
In accordance with Condition 6.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 9.4 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, the Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide 
for early redemption at the option of the Issuer. Such right of termination is often provided for notes in periods 
of high interest rates. If the market interest rates decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise 
its right of termination increases. As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than 
expected, and the redemption amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by 
the Noteholder. As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the 
Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. Should the Notes at such 
time be trading well above the price set for redemption, the negative impact on the Noteholders' anticipated 
returns would be significant. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, a Noteholder generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholders may be lost.

--- Page 15 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
15 
 
 
Notes subject to optional or mandatory redemption by the Issuer for tax reasons 
In accordance with Condition 6.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 9.2 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, if, by reason of any change in, or amendment to, the laws 
or regulations of France or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the issue date of the relevant Notes, the Issuer 
would be obliged to increase the amounts of principal, interest or other revenues payable in respect of any 
Notes due to any withholding or deduction with respect to any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France, or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
In accordance with Condition 6.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 9.3 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, if the Issuer would, on the occasion of the next payment 
of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, be prevented by the laws of France from causing payment to be 
made to the Noteholders of the full amount then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay 
additional amounts contained in Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, then the Issuer shall, redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes. 
During a period when the Issuer may elect to, or as the case may be, shall, redeem the Notes, such Notes may 
feature a market value not substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. In such circumstances 
a Noteholder may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective 
interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes. 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders  
In accordance with Condition 6.5 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 9.5 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, the Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide 
for early redemption at the option of the Noteholders. Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series 
in respect of which the Investor Put provided in the relevant Final Terms is exercised, any trading market in 
respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid, which shall in 
turn adversely impact those Noteholders.  
1.2 
Risks relating to Underlying Reference  
 
Credit Linked Notes 
Condition 19 “Additional provisions applicable to Credit Linked Notes” allows for Credit Linked Notes to be 
issued. The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon 
whether certain events have occurred in respect of a specified entity(-ies) (the Reference Entity or Reference 
Entities as applicable) and, if so, on the value of certain specified assets of the Reference Entity or where, if 
such events have occurred, on redemption the Issuer's obligation is to deliver certain specified assets (Credit 
Linked Notes). 
Noteholders should be aware that depending on the terms of the Credit Linked Notes (i) they may receive no 
or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest or delivery of any specified assets may 
occur at a different time than expected, (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment and 
(iv) Notes may be redeemed partially following early redemption of the Underlying Reference.

--- Page 16 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
16 
 
 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and will be affected by, amongst other things, the time 
remaining to the redemption date and the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity which in turn may be 
affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions. 
Where the Notes provide for physical delivery, the Issuer may determine that the specified assets to be 
delivered are either (a) assets which for any reason (including, without limitation, failure of the relevant 
clearance system or due to any law, regulation, court order or market conditions or the non-receipt of any 
requisite consents with respect to the delivery of assets which are loans) it is impossible or illegal to deliver on 
the Settlement Date or (b) assets which the Issuer and/or any affiliate has not received under the terms of any 
transaction entered into by the Issuer and/or such affiliate to hedge the Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
Notes. Any such determination may delay settlement in respect of the Notes and/or cause the obligation to 
deliver such specified assets to be replaced by an obligation to pay a cash amount which, in either case, may 
affect the value of the Notes and, in the case of payment of a cash amount, will affect the timing of the valuation 
of such Notes and as a result, the amount of principal payable on redemption. The market value of delivered 
assets may be less than the principal amount of a Note. Any shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders and 
the Issuer shall assume no liability. 
The Issuer's obligations in respect of Credit Linked Notes are irrespective of the existence or amount of the 
Issuer's and/or any affiliates' credit exposure to a Reference Entity and the Issuer and/or any affiliate need not 
suffer any loss nor provide evidence of any loss as a result of the occurrence of a Credit Event. 
 
As a result, Noteholders are exposed to the risk that certain events in respect of a specified entity(-ies) occurs 
which may adversely affect the value of Credit Linked Notes and as a result, they could lose all or part of their 
investment.  
Index Linked Notes 
Condition 20 “Additional provisions applicable to Index Linked Notes” allows for Index Linked Notes to be 
issued. The Issuer may therefore issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are 
dependent upon the level of an index or indices, or upon a formula encompassing a combination of a number 
of components, which can be indices or securities or derivatives or any other component (Index Linked 
Notes). 
Noteholders should be aware that depending on the terms of the Index Linked Notes (i) they may receive no 
or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time than expected 
and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, the movements in the level 
of the index or indices or any component of the formula may be subject to significant fluctuations that may 
not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices or similar components and the timing 
of changes in the relevant level of the index or indices or the components of the formula may affect the actual 
yield to Noteholders, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the 
change in the level of an index or result of a formula, the greater the effect on yield. 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than 
one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the level of the index or the indices 
or the components of the formula on principal or interest payable will be magnified. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the redemption date 
and the volatility of the level of the index or indices or of any component of the formula. The level of the 
index, indices, components of the formula may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in 
one or more jurisdictions, including but not limited to the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which 
any securities comprising the index, indices or the formula may be traded.

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
17 
 
 
As a result, Noteholders are exposed to the risk that changes in the levels of the index or indices or of any 
component of the formula may adversely affect the value of Index Linked Notes and as a result, could lose all 
or part of their investment.  
Equity Linked Notes 
Condition 21 “Additional provisions applicable to Equity Linked Notes” allows for Equity Linked Notes. The 
Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon the price of, 
or changes in the price of, share(s) or a basket of shares or where, depending on the price of or change in the 
price of shares or the basket of shares, on redemption the Issuer's obligation is to deliver specified assets 
(Equity Linked Notes). 
Noteholders should be aware that depending on the terms of the Equity Linked Notes (i) they may receive no 
or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest or delivery of any specified assets may 
occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. 
In addition, the movements in the price of the share or basket of shares may be subject to significant 
fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of 
changes in the relevant price of the share(s) may affect the actual yield to Noteholders, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the price of the share(s), the 
greater the effect on yield. 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than 
one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price of the share(s) on principal 
or interest payable will be magnified. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to the redemption 
date, the volatility of the share(s), the dividend rate (if any) and the financial results and prospects of the issuer 
or issuers of the relevant share(s) as well as economic, financial and political events in one or more 
jurisdictions, including factors affecting the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any such shares 
may be traded.  
As a result, Noteholders are exposed to the risk that changes in the price of shares or the basket of shares may 
adversely affect the value of Equity Linked Notes and as a result, could lose all or part of their investment. 
Rate Linked Notes 
Condition 27 “Additional provisions applicable to Rate Linked Notes” allows for Rate Linked Notes. The 
Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal payable is dependent upon movements in underlying 
interest rates (Rate Linked Notes). Accordingly an investment in Rate Linked Notes may bear similar market 
risks to a direct interest rate investment and Noteholders should take advice accordingly. 
Noteholders should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Rate Linked Notes (i) payment of principal 
may occur at a different time than expected and (ii) they may lose a substantial portion of their investment. In 
addition, movements in interest rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in other indices and the timing of changes in the interest rates may affect the actual yield to 
Noteholders, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change 
in interest rates, the greater the effect on yield. 
Interest rates are determined by various factors which are influenced by macro economic, political or financial 
factors, speculation and central bank and government intervention. Fluctuations that have occurred in any 
interest rate in the past are not necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuation that may occur in the rate during 
the term of any Note. Fluctuations in interest rates will affect the value of Rate Linked Notes.

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
18 
 
 
If the amount of principal payable is dependent upon movements in interest rates and is determined in 
conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of 
changes in the interest rates on principal payable will be magnified. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and, if the amount of principal payable is dependent upon 
movements in interest rates, may depend upon the time remaining to the redemption date and the volatility of 
interest rates. Movements in interest rates may be dependent upon economic, financial and political events in 
one or more jurisdictions. 
 
As a result, Noteholders are exposed to the risk that changes in underlying interest rates may adversely affect 
the value of Rate Linked Notes and as a result, could lose all or part of their investment. 
Bond Linked Notes 
Condition 26 “Additional provisions applicable to Bond Linked Notes” allows for Bond Linked Notes. The 
Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon whether 
certain events have occurred in respect of a specified bond(s) (the Bond or Basket of Bonds as applicable) 
(the Bond Linked Notes). 
Noteholders should be aware that depending on the terms of the Bond Linked Notes (i) they may receive no 
or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time than expected 
and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment.  
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and will be affected by, amongst other things, the time 
remaining to the redemption date and the creditworthiness of the Bond Issuer which in turn may be affected 
by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions. 
The Issuer's obligations in respect of Bond Linked Notes are irrespective of the existence or amount of the 
Issuer's and/or any affiliates' credit exposure to a Bond Issuer and the Issuer and/or any affiliate need not suffer 
any loss nor provide evidence of any loss as a result of the occurrence of a Bond Event. 
 
As a result, Noteholders are exposed to the risk that certain events have occurred in respect of a specified 
bond(s) which may adversely affect the value of Bond Linked Notes and as a result, could lose all or part of 
their investment. 
Inflation Linked Notes  
Condition 22 “Additional provisions applicable to Inflation Linked Notes” allow for Inflation Linked Notes to 
be issued. The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon 
changes in the level of inflation (Inflation Linked Notes). 
The decision to purchase Inflation Linked Notes involves complex financial appreciations and risks as the 
inflation cannot be foreseen with any degree of certainty. Neither the current nor the historical levels of any of 
the inflation indices should be taken as an indication of future performance of such inflation index during the 
term of any Inflation Linked Notes. The yield of Inflation Linked Notes may be lower than the yield of non 
Inflation Linked Notes.  
 
As a result, Noteholders are exposed to the risk that changes in the levels of the inflation index may adversely 
affect the value of Inflation Linked Notes and as a result, could lose all or part of their investment. 
Commodity Linked Notes 
Condition 24 “Additional provisions applicable to Commodity Linked Notes” allows for Commodity Linked 
Notes. The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
19 
 
 
the price of, or changes in the price of, commodities and/or commodity indices or a basket of commodities 
and/or commodity indices or depending on the price of or change in the price of a commodity or the basket of 
commodities, the relevant Issuer's obligation on redemption is to deliver a specified commodity (Commodity 
Linked Notes). Accordingly an investment in Commodity Linked Redemption Notes may bear similar market 
risks to a direct commodity investment and Noteholders should take advice accordingly. 
Noteholders should be aware that depending on the terms of the Commodity Linked Notes (i) they may receive 
no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest or delivery of any specified commodities 
may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their 
investment. In addition, the movements in the price of the commodity and/or commodity index or basket of 
commodities and/or commodity indices may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant price of a 
commodity and/or commodity index may affect the actual yield to Noteholders, even if the average level is 
consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the price of the commodity or 
commodities, the greater the effect on yield. 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than 
one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price of a commodity and/or 
commodity index on principal or interest payable will be magnified. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to the redemption 
date and the volatility of the price of the commodity and/or commodity index. The price of commodities or 
level of a commodity index may be affected by economic, financial and political events in one or more 
jurisdictions, including factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which the relevant 
commodities may be traded. 
 
As a result, Noteholders are exposed to the risk that changes in the price of, commodities and/or commodity 
indices or a basket of commodities and/or commodity indices may adversely affect the value of Commodity 
Linked Notes and as a result, could lose all or part of their investment. 
Fund Linked Notes 
Condition 25 “Additional provisions applicable to Fund Linked Notes” allows for Fund Linked Notes. The 
Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal payable is dependent upon the price or changes in the 
price of units or shares in a fund or funds (including exchange traded fund(s)) or, depending on the price or 
changes in the price of units or shares in such fund or funds, the relevant Issuer's obligation on redemption is 
to deliver a specified amount of Fund Shares (Fund Linked Notes). Accordingly an investment in Fund Linked 
Redemption Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct fund investment and Noteholders should take 
advice accordingly. 
Noteholders should be aware that depending on the terms of the Fund Linked Notes (i) they may receive no or 
a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or delivery of any specified Fund Shares may occur at a 
different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, 
the movements in the price of units, shares or interests in the fund or funds may be subject to significant 
fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of 
changes in the relevant price of the units or shares in the fund or funds may affect the actual yield to 
Noteholders, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change 
in the price or prices of the units, shares or interests in the fund or funds, the greater the effect on yield. 
Noteholders should also be aware that in the event of the occurrence of one or more Extraordinary Fund Events 
the relevant Issuer may substitute the relevant Fund Shares with fund shares of a fund with similar 
characteristics or if no such fund is selected with a replacement index or redeem the Notes depending or 
whether such Extraordinary Fund Event is a Substitution Event or a Termination Event.

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
20 
 
 
In the event that redemption proceeds in respect of the underlying Fund Shares are not received by the Hedge 
Provider on or prior to the scheduled redemption date or termination date, such date may be postponed for a 
period of up to two calendar years (or such other period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) and 
no additional amount shall be payable as a result of such delay. 
If the amount of principal payable is determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by 
reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price of the units or shares of the fund or 
funds on principal or interest payable will be magnified. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the redemption date 
and the volatility of the price of units or shares in the fund or funds. The price of units or shares in a fund may 
be affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors 
affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any units in the fund or funds may be traded. In 
addition, the price of units or shares in a fund may be affected by the performance of the fund service providers, 
and in particular the investment adviser. 
 
As a result, Noteholders are exposed to the risk that changes in the price of units or shares in such fund or 
funds may adversely affect the value of Fund Linked Notes and as a result, could lose all or part of their 
investment. 
Future Linked Notes 
 
Condition 28 “Additional provisions applicable to Future Linked Notes” allows for Future Linked Notes. The 
Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon movements 
in the price of one or more future contracts (Future Linked Notes).   
 
Noteholders should be aware that depending on the terms of the Future Linked Notes (i) they may receive no 
or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time than expected 
and (iii) they may lose a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, the movements in the price of 
selected future contracts may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant price of future contracts may affect the 
actual yield to Noteholders, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier 
the change in the price of future contracts, the greater the effect on yield. 
Noteholders should also be aware that in the event of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, the terms of 
the Future Linked Notes may be adjusted, the Future Linked Notes may be redeemed or the relevant Future(s) 
may be substituted with replacement future contract(s). 
  
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon movements in the price of selected future 
contracts is determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage 
factor, the effect of the changes in the price of a future contract on principal or interest payable will be 
magnified.  
 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and if the amount of principal and/or interest payable is 
dependent upon movements in the price of selected future contracts, may depend upon the time remaining to 
the redemption date and the volatility of futures contract price. The price of future contracts may be affected 
by economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the relevant 
exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which future contracts may be traded.  
 
As a result, Noteholders are exposed to the risk that changes in the price of future contracts may adversely 
affect the value of the Future Linked Notes and as a result, could lose all or part of their investment.

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
21 
 
 
Market Disruption and adjustments provisions may affect the value and liquidity of the Notes as well as 
postpone due dates for payment 
 
If an issue of Credit Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, Currency 
Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes, Bond Linked Notes, Rate Linked Notes, Future 
Linked Notes or other notes linked to an Underlying Reference includes provisions dealing with the occurrence 
of a Market Disruption Event or any other event, however defined, set out under Conditions 19 to 27 of the 
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes and affecting such Note (a Disruption Event) on a Valuation 
Date, Observation Date, Averaging Date or any other relevant date and the Calculation Agent determines that 
a Disruption Event has occurred or exists on such Valuation Date, Observation Date, such Averaging Date, 
any consequential postponement of the Valuation Date, Observation Date or Averaging Date or any other 
relevant date, alternative provisions for valuation provided in any such Notes may have an adverse effect on 
the value and liquidity of such Notes. The timing of such dates (as scheduled or as so postponed or adjusted) 
may affect the value of the relevant Notes such that the Noteholder may receive a lower cash redemption 
amount and/or interest amount or other payment under the relevant Notes than otherwise would have been the 
case. The occurrence of such a Disruption Event in relation to any Underlying Reference comprising a basket 
may also have such an adverse effect on Notes related to such basket. In addition, any such consequential 
postponement may result in the postponement of the relevant due date for payment under the Notes and/or 
Maturity Date which may adversely affect Noteholders. 
 
Physical Delivery Notes involve specific risks linked to the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event 
 
The value of Notes to be settled by way of physical delivery may be affected and/or the settlement of such 
Notes may be delayed if in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Asset Amount (being the 
amount of relevant asset relating to each Note as set out in the Final Terms) using the method of delivery 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or such other commercially reasonable manner as the Calculation 
Agent has determined, is impracticable because a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing 
on the Delivery Date. A Settlement Disruption Event is an event beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of 
which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the specified assets to be delivered by or on behalf 
of the Issuer is not practicable. As a result, Noteholders may be adversely affected if the Notes are Physical 
Delivery Notes. 
1.3 
Interest Rate Risks  
 
Floating Rate Notes  
Condition 4.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 6.2 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes allow for Floating Rate Notes to be issued. Investment in Notes which 
bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the 
case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the 
Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate 
(e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. 
Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term 
changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest 
rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. This volatility is increased 
if the Floating Rate Notes include a multiplying coefficient. A key difference between Floating Rate Notes 
and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying 
interest income, Noteholders are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they 
purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer 
fixed interest periods. If the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, 
Noteholders are exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, Noteholder may reinvest 
the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer’s 
ability to also issue Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market value and the secondary market (if any) of the

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
22 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes (and vice versa). These reference rates are not pre-defined for the lifespan of the Notes. 
Higher reference rates mean a higher interest under the Notes and lower reference rates mean a lower interest 
under the Notes. The degree to which the reference rates may vary is uncertain. The interest amount payable 
on any Interest Payment Date may be different from the amount payable on the initial or previous Interest 
Payment Date and may negatively impact the return under the Notes and result in a reduced market value of 
the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of its Notes. 
Risks related to the regulation and reform of "benchmarks" 
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 4.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes, 
Condition 6.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes and Condition 27 “Additional provisions 
applicable to Rate Linked Notes”, the Rate of Interest in respect of the Floating Rate Notes or Rate Linked 
Notes, as the case may be, may be determined by reference to Reference Rates that constitute "benchmarks" 
for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the Benchmarks Regulation) published in the 
Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and applied since 1 January 2018. 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR and CMS) are the 
subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation 
methods, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark".  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EEA. Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 4.2(b)(iv) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 6(b)(iv) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes, which seek to offset any adverse effects for the Noteholders, the Benchmarks 
Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark", in particular: 
-  
an index that is a "benchmark" may not be permitted to be used by a supervised entity (including the 
Issuer) in certain ways if its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a 
non-EU jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or endorsed and 
the transitional provisions do not apply; and 
-  
if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect 
of reducing or increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level of the "benchmark" and as a consequence, Noteholders could lose part of their investment or 
receive less income than would have been the case without such change.  
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
"benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR and CMS): (i) 
discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the 
"benchmark". 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark".

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
23 
 
 
Noteholders should be aware that, if a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on Notes which are linked to or which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant 
period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes (please refer to the risk factor entitled "The 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks"" below). Depending on the manner in which a benchmark 
rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, this may in certain circumstances (i) if 
ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies, result in the application of a backward-looking, risk-free 
overnight rate, whereas the benchmark rate is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a 
risk-element based on inter-bank lending or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the benchmark was 
available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any 
Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has amended 
the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions applicable to 
material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing provisions of the 
Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 February 
2021 (the Amending Regulation) which applies as from 13 February 2021.  
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of 
certain benchmarks by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on 
the European Commission, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments. In addition, 
the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023. The 
European Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. These 
developments could raise incertainty regarding any future regulatory or legislative requirement based on the 
implementing regulations.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
any such Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Condition 4.2(b)(iv) of the Term and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 6(b)(iv) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
Benchmark Event occurs, including if an inter-bank offered rate (such as EURIBOR) or other relevant 
reference rate (which could include, without limitation, any mid-swap rate but shall except €STR and SOFR), 
and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published, becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes 
by reference to such benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. 
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), with or 
without the application of an adjustment spread (which, if applied, could be positive or negative, and would 
be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of 
the relevant benchmark), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the 
proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the Issuer, following 
consultation with an Independent Adviser, in the case of English Law Notes, or by the Independent Adviser, 
in the case of French Law Notes, and, in each case, without the consent or approval of the Noteholders.  
In certain circumstances, including where no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined 
or due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time, in all these circumstances other fallback rules might apply if the benchmark is discontinued or

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
24 
 
 
otherwise unavailable, which consist in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period to be used for 
the following Interest Period(s), as set out in the risk factor above entitled “Risks related to the regulation and 
reform of "benchmarks"”. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any Notes and as a consequence, Noteholders may lose part of their investment.   
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or Rate Linked 
Notes, as the case may be, or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount 
payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Rate Linked Notes, as the case may be. Noteholders should note that 
the Issuer, following consultation with an Independent Adviser, in the case of English Law Notes, or the 
Independent Adviser, in the case of French Law Notes will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have 
unexpected commercial consequences and, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such 
adjustment may not be favourable to such Noteholder.  
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates as reference rates for Floating Rate Notes or 
Rate Linked Notes, as the case may be 
Condition 4.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes, Condition 6.2 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes and Condition 27 “Additional provisions applicable to Rate Linked Notes” 
allows Notes referencing the Euro short term rate (€STR) to be issued. The market continues to develop in 
relation to risk free rates, such as €STR, as reference rate in the capital markets for euro bonds, and its adoption 
as alternative to the relevant interbank offered rates. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an 
application of risk free rates that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes or Rate Linked Notes, as the case may be, that reference a risk free 
rate issued under this Base Prospectus.  
The nascent development of the use of €STR as interest reference rate for bond markets, as well as continued 
development of €STR-based rates for such markets and of the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, 
could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. 
Interest on Notes which reference a risk free rate is only capable of being determined shortly prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date.  
In addition, as €STR is published by the European Central Bank, the Issuer has no control over its 
determination, calculation or publication. €STR may be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner 
that is materially adverse to the interests of Noteholders. 
The mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may 
impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes.  
To the extent the €STR reference rate is discontinued or is no longer published as described in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Rate of Interest on the Notes will be 
determined using the alternative methods described in Condition 4.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 6.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes. Such methods 
may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payment 
that would have been made on the Notes if the €STR reference rate had been provided by the European Central 
Bank in its current form. Accordingly, an investment in any such Floating Rate Notes or Rate Linked Notes, 
as the case may be, may entail significant risks not associated with similar investments in convention debt 
securities.

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
25 
 
 
SOFR is a relatively new market index that may be used as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes and, as 
the related market continues to develop, there may be an adverse effect on the return on or value of the 
SOFR-based Notes 
The rate of interest on the Notes may be calculated on the basis of SOFR as set forth in Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(E) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes, Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(E) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the French Law Notes and Condition 27 “Additional provisions applicable to Rate Linked Notes”. Because 
SOFR is an overnight funding rate, interest on SOFR based Notes with interest periods longer than overnight 
will be calculated near the end of each Interest Period. As a consequence of this calculation method, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will only be known a short period of time prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date. Noteholders therefore will not know in advance the interest amount which will be 
payable on such Notes. 
SOFR is a relatively new rate. The NY Federal Reserve began to publish SOFR in April 2018. Although the 
NY Federal Reserve has published historical indicative SOFR information going back to 2014, such 
prepublication historical data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Since the initial 
publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in 
other benchmark or market rates. 
As a result, the return on and value of SOFR-linked Notes may fluctuate more than floating rate debt securities 
that are linked to less volatile rates. Because SOFR is a relatively new market index, SOFR-linked Notes will 
likely have no established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop 
or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities indexed to SOFR may evolve over time, and trading 
prices of SOFR-linked Notes may be lower than those of later-issued SOFR-linked debt securities as a result. 
Similarly, if SOFR does not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of SOFR-
linked Notes may be lower than those of notes linked to rates that are more widely used. Noteholders may not 
be able to sell SOFR-linked Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from 
increased pricing volatility and market risk. The NY Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR 
that use of SOFR is subject to important limitations, including that the NY Federal Reserve may alter the 
methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time 
without notice. SOFR might not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse 
to the interests of Noteholders in the Notes. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed or if SOFR 
is discontinued, that change or discontinuance may result in a reduction or elimination of the amount of interest 
payable on SOFR-linked Notes and a reduction in the trading prices of such Notes. 
 
Fixed Rate Notes  
Condition 4.1 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 6.1 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes allows for Fixed Rate Notes to be issued. Investment in Notes which bear 
interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect 
the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes. While the nominal interest rate of the fixed rate Notes is fixed 
during the term of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital markets (market interest rate) typically 
varies on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the market value of the Fixed Rate Notes would 
typically change in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the market value of the Fixed 
Rate Notes would typically fall, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate. 
If the market interest rate falls, the market value of the Notes would typically increase, until the yield of such 
Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate. The degree to which the market interest rate may vary 
presents a significant risk to the market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of the Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
 
Condition 4.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 6.3 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes allow for Fixed/Floating Rate Notes to be issued. Fixed/Floating Rate

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
26 
 
 
Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. The Issuer’s ability to convert the 
interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be 
expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce lower overall cost of borrowing. Where the Notes 
convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable 
than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, 
the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and any such 
volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted notes 
 
Condition 4.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 6.4 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes allow for Zero Coupon Notes to be issued. Changes in market interest 
rates generally have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of 
ordinary notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, 
Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other notes having the same maturity and credit rating. 
Therefore, in similar market conditions, the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to higher losses 
on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. 
Any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or other 
leverage factor  
 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers or 
other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, 
their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features, and 
such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
27 
 
 
1.4 
Risks relating to Currency Linked Notes  
 
Currency Linked Notes 
 
In accordance with Condition 23 “Additional provisions applicable to Currency Linked Notes”, the Issuer may 
issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon movements in currency 
exchange rates or is payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the 
Notes are denominated (Currency Linked Notes). 
 
Noteholders should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Currency Linked Notes (i) they may receive 
no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a 
different currency than expected and (iii) they may lose a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, 
movements in currency exchange rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates or other indices and the timing of changes in the exchange rates may affect the actual 
yield to Noteholders, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the 
change in currency exchange rates, the greater the effect on yield. 
 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon movements in currency exchange rates 
and are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage 
factor, the effect of changes in the currency exchange rates on principal or interest payable will be magnified. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and, if the amount of principal and/or interest payable is 
dependent upon movements in currency exchange rates, may depend upon the time remaining to the 
redemption date and the volatility of currency exchange rates. Movements in currency exchange rates may be 
dependent upon economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions. 
 
Exchange rates between currencies are determined by factors of supply and demand in the international 
currency markets which are influenced by macro economic factors, speculation and central bank and 
government intervention (including the imposition of currency controls and restrictions). In recent years, rates 
of exchange between some currencies have been volatile. This volatility may be expected in the future. 
Fluctuations that have occurred in any particular exchange rate in the past are not necessarily indicative, 
however, of fluctuation that may occur in the rate during the term of any Note. Fluctuations in exchange rates 
will affect the value of the Notes. 
 
As a result, Noteholders are exposed to the risk that changes in currency exchange rates may adversely affect 
the value of Currency Linked Notes and as a result, could lose all or part of their investment. 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible; there are still significant restrictions on remittance of 
Renminbi into and outside the PRC and the liquidity of the Notes denominated in Renminbi may be 
adversely affected 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow for Renminbi Notes to be issued. Renminbi is not completely 
freely convertible at present. The PRC government continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and 
foreign currencies. 
Although from 1 October 2016, the Renminbi has been added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by 
the International Monetary Fund, the PRC government may not liberalise the control over cross-border 
Renminbi remittances in the future or that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated in the future which 
have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi funds into or out of the PRC. In the 
event that funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under 
Notes denominated in Renminbi.

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
28 
 
 
The availability of Renminbi outside of the PRC is limited, which may affect the liquidity of Notes 
denominated in Renminbi, and the Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such 
Notes denominated in Renminbi 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. While the People’s Bank of China (the PBOC) has entered 
into agreements on the clearing of Renminbi business (the Settlement Agreements) with financial institutions 
in a number of financial centres and cities (the RMB Clearing Banks), the current size of Renminbi 
denominated financial assets outside of the PRC is limited. Renminbi business participating banks do not have 
direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBOC.  
The offshore Renminbi market is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign 
exchange. New PRC regulations may be promulgated or the Settlement Agreements may be terminated or 
amended so as to have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi offshore. The limited availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the Notes denominated in Renminbi and, as a 
consequence, have an adverse effect on the value of such Renminbi Notes.   
Payments in respect of the Renminbi Notes will only be made to Noteholders in the manner specified in the 
Renminbi Notes 
Noteholders may be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing 
and settlement system for participating banks in the Offshore CNY Centre (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
If RMB is specified as Specified Currency in the relevant Final Terms, all payments of Renminbi under Notes 
denominated in Renminbi to a Noteholder will be made solely by transfer to a Renminbi bank account 
maintained in the Offshore CNY Centre by such Noteholder in accordance with the prevailing rules and 
regulations for such transfer and in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The Issuer cannot 
be required to make payment by any other means. For persons holding Renminbi Notes through Euroclear 
France, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, payments will also be made subject to the procedures of 
Euroclear France, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
In addition, access to Renminbi for the purposes of making payments under such Notes may not remain or 
may become restricted. If the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that a CNY 
Currency Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer’s payment obligations under the Notes may be delayed 
and/or replaced by payments in an Alternate Settlement Currency instead and/or the Notes may be redeemed 
early. The Noteholders may thus need to source for additional funding in the case of delayed payments or face 
the risks of early redemption. Such risks could include but are not limited to Early Redemption Unwind Costs, 
Fair Market Value and reinvestment risk. If the CNY payments under the Notes are paid in the Alternate 
Settlement Currency instead, the Noteholders may have additional exposure to foreign exchange risk. 
2. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET OF THE NOTES 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes and the market generally: 
Market Value of the Notes 
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to list them on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and/or on any other Regulated Market. Therefore, the market value of the Notes will be affected by 
the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional factors, including the value of the reference assets 
or an index, including, but not limited to, the volatility of the reference assets or an index, or the dividend on 
the securities taken up in the index, market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date.

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
29 
 
 
The value of the Notes, the reference assets or the index depends on a number of interrelated factors, including 
economic, financial and political events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets 
generally and the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or on any other Regulated Market 
or stock exchanges on which the Notes, the reference assets, the securities taken up in the index, or the index 
are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, 
which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder. Accordingly, 
all or part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost upon any transfer of the Notes, so that the 
Noteholder in such case would receive significantly less than the total amount of capital invested. 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. Therefore, Noteholders 
may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case should the Issuer be in 
financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Notes having to be at a substantial discount to their 
principal amount or for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency, credit or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.  
Although application has been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and/or any other Regulated Market in the European Economic Area a particular 
Tranche of Notes may not be admitted or an active trading market may not develop. Accordingly, a trading 
market for any particular Tranche of Notes may not develop or may be illiquid. As consequence, Noteholders 
may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable them to realise their anticipated yield and as 
result, Noteholders could lose part of their investment in the Notes.  
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if a Noteholder's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Noteholder's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Noteholder's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Noteholder's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Noteholder 's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Noteholder's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Noteholder's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Noteholder's 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payment in respect of 
the Notes.   
As a result, Noteholders may receive less interest or principal than expected. This may result in a significant 
loss on any capital invested from the perspective of a Noteholder whose domestic currency is not the Specified 
Currency.

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
30 
 
 
3. 
RISKS RELATED TO LEGAL ISSUES REGARDING THE NOTES  
The implementation in France of the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive could materially affect 
the Notes 
Directive 2014/59/EU provides for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended (the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive or 
BRRD II), implemented in France by several legislative texts, to provide authorities with a credible set of 
tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing relevant entity. 
If the Issuer is determined to be failing or likely to fail within the meaning of, and under the Terms and 
Conditions set by BRRD II, and the relevant resolution authority applies any, or a combination, of the BRRD 
II resolution tools (e.g. sale of business, creation of a bridge institution, asset separation or bail-in), any 
shortfall from the sale of the Issuer’s assets may lead to a partial reduction in the outstanding amount of certain 
claims of unsecured creditors of that entity (including, as the case may be, the Notes), or, in a worst case 
scenario, a reduction to zero. The unsecured debt claims of the Issuer (including, as the case may be, the Notes) 
might also be converted into equity or other instruments of ownership, in accordance with the hierarchy of 
claims in normal insolvency proceedings, which equity or other instruments could also be subject to any future 
cancellation, transfer or dilution (such reduction or cancellation being first on common equity tier one 
instruments, thereafter the reduction, cancellation or conversion being on additional tier one instruments, then 
tier two instruments and other subordinated debts, then other eligible liabilities). The relevant resolution 
authority may also seek to amend the terms (such as variation of the maturity) of any outstanding unsecured 
debt securities (including, as the case may be, the Notes).  
Public financial support to resolve the Issuer where there is a risk of failure will only be used as a last resort, 
after having assessed and exploited the above resolution tools, including the bail-in tool, to the maximum 
extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability. 
The exercise of any power under the BRRD II or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely 
affect the rights of the Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the 
Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. As a result, Noteholders could lose all or a substantial part of 
their investment in the Notes.  
French Insolvency Law  
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its corporate seat in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes insolvent, 
insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent that, where 
applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of the 
Issuer is located in France.  
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into French 
law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such ordonnance, applicable as from 1st October 
2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption of restructuring plans 
under insolvency proceedings. According to this ordonnance, “affected parties” (including notably creditors, 
and therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes which reflect certain class formation criteria 
for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises 
claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. 
Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that 
they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the 
Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their 
dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down.

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
31 
 
 
Both the scopes of the Directive (EU) 2019/1023 and the ordonnance do not cover financial institutions, unless 
the competent authority chooses to make them applicable. In such a case, the application of French insolvency 
law to a credit institution as the Issuer is also subject to the prior permission of the Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution before the opening of any safeguard, judicial reorganisation or liquidation 
procedures. This limitation will affect the ability of the Noteholders to recover their investments in the Notes. 
Should such proceedings be opened, the commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would 
have a material adverse effect on the market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. As a consequence, any 
decisions taken by a class of affected parties could negatively and significantly impact the Noteholders and 
cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts 
due to them from the Issuer. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all Noteholders 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally (see Condition 14 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver) and Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes (Representation of Noteholders)). These provisions permit defined majorities to bind 
all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting, or (with respect to 
French Law Notes) who did not consent to the Written Decision, and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. General Meetings or Written Decisions may deliberate on any proposal relating to the 
modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Only holders of French Law Notes will, in certain 
circumstances, be grouped for the defence of their common interests in a separate legal entity called "Masse" 
(as defined in Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes (Representation of 
Noteholders)). If the applicable Final Terms specify "No Masse", Noteholders will not be grouped in a masse 
having legal personality governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce and will not be 
represented by a representative of the masse. While it is not possible to assess the likelihood that the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes will need to be amended during the term of the Notes by a meeting of the 
Noteholders, if a decision is adopted by a majority of Noteholders and such modifications were to impair or 
limit the rights of the Noteholders, this have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes. 
English Law Notes in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the Specified Denomination may 
be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of English Law Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
English Law Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading 
such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with 
the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a 
principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive English Law Note in respect of such holding (should 
definitive English Law Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of English Law Notes 
at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. 
If such English Law Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive English Law 
Notes which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination 
may be illiquid and difficult to trade. As a result, Noteholders shall in turn be adversely impacted.

--- Page 32 ---
Important Information Relating to Non-Exempt Offers of Notes 
 
 
32 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES WHERE 
THERE IS NO EXEMPTION FROM THE OBLIGATION UNDER THE PROSPECTUS 
REGULATION TO PUBLISH A PROSPECTUS 
Restrictions on Non-Exempt Offers of Notes in Relevant Member States 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus 
Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to as a Non-Exempt Offer. This Base Prospectus 
has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-Exempt Offers of Notes. However, any person making or 
intending to make a Non-Exempt Offer of Notes in any Member State of the European Economic Area (each, 
a Relevant Member State) may only do so if this Base Prospectus has been approved by the competent 
authority in that Relevant Member State (or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State 
and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State) and published in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, provided that the Issuer has consented to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection 
with such offer as provided under "Consent given in accordance with Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation 
(Retail Cascades)" and the terms of that consent are complied with by the person (the Offeror) making the 
Non-Exempt Offer of such Notes. 
Save as provided above, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making 
of any Non-Exempt Offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.  
Consent given in accordance with Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
Any person (an Investor) intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from any Offeror other than the Issuer 
or a relevant Dealer should be aware that, in the context of a Non-Exempt Offer of such Notes, the Issuer will 
be responsible to the Investor for this Base Prospectus under Article 11 of the Prospectus Regulation only if 
the Issuer has consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by that Offeror to make the Non-Exempt Offer to 
the Investor. None of the Issuer or any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by that Offeror 
with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law requirements in 
relation to any Non-Exempt Offer and none of the Issuer or any Dealer has any responsibility or liability for 
the actions of that Offeror. Save as provided below, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised the 
making of any Non-Exempt Offer by any Offeror or consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any 
other person in connection with any Non-Exempt Offer of Notes. Any Non-Exempt Offer made without 
the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and neither the Issuer nor any Dealer accepts any responsibility 
or liability for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. If the Investor is in any 
doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should 
take legal advice. 
In connection with each Tranche of Notes, and provided that the applicable Final Terms specifies an Offer 
Period, the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-Exempt Offer of such 
Notes subject to the following conditions: 
(i) 
the consent is only valid during the Offer Period so specified; 
(ii) 
the only Offerors authorised to use this Base Prospectus to make the Non-Exempt Offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes are the relevant Dealer and either: 
(a) 
(i) if the applicable Final Terms names financial intermediaries authorised to offer the Notes, the 
financial intermediaries so named or (ii) if the Issuer has given its consent to the appointment of 
additional financial intermediaries after the date of the applicable Final Terms and publishes details of 
them on its website https://www.cic-marketsolutions.eu/fr/kidemtncic.aspx, each financial 
intermediary whose details are so published; or

--- Page 33 ---
Important Information Relating to Non-Exempt Offers of Notes 
 
 
33 
 
 
(b) 
in any other case, any financial intermediary which is authorised to make such offers under 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive), 
subject as the case may be to any other conditions set out in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms, provided that such financial intermediary states on its website that it has been duly 
appointed as a financial intermediary to offer the relevant Tranche of Notes during the Offer 
Period and that it is relying on this Base Prospectus to do so; and 
(iii) 
the consent only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-Exempt Offers of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes in each Relevant Member State specified in the applicable Final Terms, being either 
Belgium, Finland, France, Luxembourg, Germany, The Netherlands, Spain or Sweden. 
Any Offeror falling within sub-paragraph (ii)(b) above who meets all of the other conditions stated above 
and wishes to use this Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-Exempt Offer is required, for the 
duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on its website that it is relying on this Base Prospectus 
for such Non-Exempt Offer with the consent of the Issuer. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods occurring within twelve (12) months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus. The Issuer accepts responsibility, in the jurisdictions to which the consent to use the Base 
Prospectus extends, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any Investor who acquires any Notes 
in a Non-Exempt Offer made by any person to whom consent has been given to use this Base Prospectus in 
that connection in accordance with the preceding paragraph, provided that such Non-Exempt Offer has been 
made in accordance with all the Conditions attached to that consent. 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY NOTES IN A NON-EXEMPT 
OFFER FROM AN OFFEROR OTHER THAN THE ISSUER WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND 
SALES OF SUCH NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN 
SUCH OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS AND 
SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH 
ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE NON-EXEMPT 
OFFER OR SALE OF THE NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER SHALL BE PROVIDED TO 
INVESTORS BY THE OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER. NONE OF THE 
ISSUER OR ANY DEALER HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN 
RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION.

--- Page 34 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
 
34 
 
 
OUTSTANDING NON-EXEMPT OFFERS THAT GO BEYOND THE VALIDITY OF THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS 
Under this Base Prospectus, Non-Exempt Offers of Notes which are indicated in the table below have been 
started or continued on the basis of the Base Prospectus of the Issuer dated 21 June 2022 for the Programme 
(the 2022 Base Prospectus) and may be continued after the end of the validity of the 2022 Base Prospectus.  
ISIN 
Country 
Issuer 
Non-Exempt 
Offer name 
Date 
of 
the 
beginning 
of 
the 
Non-
Exempt Offer 
Date of the end 
of the Non-
Exempt Offer 
FR001400I392  
FRANCE 
CIC 
Autocall 
Euro Stoxx 50 
Juillet 2029 
June 12th, 2023 July 7th, 2023 
FR001400I2X3 
FRANCE 
CIC 
Min Max 
Euribor Juillet 
2029 
June 12th, 2023 July 7th, 2023 
 
The Final Terms for the abovementioned Notes are published on the following website: https://www.cic-
marketsolutions.eu/fr/kidemtncic.aspx

--- Page 35 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
 
35 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, 
this Base Prospectus: 
(1) 
An English translation of the Document d’enregistrement universel 2022 relating to the Issuer, 
incorporating the audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer for the year 
ended 31 December 2022, the French version of which was registered with the Autorité des marchés 
financiers 
on 
13 
April 
2023 
under 
number 
D.23-0274 
(the 
2022 
URD) 
(https://www.cic.fr/partage/fr/CC//CIC-2015/telechargements/rapports-annuels/CIC_annual-
report_2022.pdf) 
(2) 
An English translation of the Document d’enregistrement universel 2021 relating to the Issuer, 
incorporating the audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer for the year 
ended 31 December 2021, the French version of which was registered with the Autorité des marchés 
financiers 
on 
13 
April 
2022 
under 
number 
D.22-0285 
(the 
2021 
URD) 
(https://www.cic.fr/partage/fr/CC//CIC-2015/telechargements/rapports-annuels/CIC_annual-
report_2021.pdf); 
(3) 
The terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 111 to 220 of the base prospectus dated 18 
January 
2013 
(the 
January 
2013 
Conditions) 
(https://www.cic.fr/partage/fr/I14/telechargements/programmes-d-emissions/CIC_base-
prospectus_EMTN_2013-01-30.pdf);  
(4) 
The terms and conditions and the technical annex of the Notes contained on pages 130 to 253 of the 
base 
prospectus 
dated 
25 
September 
2013 
(the 
September 
2013 
Conditions) 
(https://www.cic.fr/partage/fr/I14/telechargements/programmes-d-emissions/CIC_base-
prospectus_EMTN_2013-09-25.pdf);  
(5) 
The terms and conditions and the technical annex of the Notes contained on pages 164 to 335 of the 
base 
prospectus 
dated 
24 
September 
2014 
(the 
2014 
Conditions) 
(https://www.cic.fr/partage/fr/I14/telechargements/programmes-d-emissions/CIC_base-
prospectus_EMTN_2014-09-24.pdf);  
(6) 
The terms and conditions and the technical annex of the Notes contained on pages 170 to 397 of the 
base 
prospectus 
dated 
2 
July 
2015 
(the 
2015 
Conditions) 
(https://www.cic.fr/partage/fr/I14/telechargements/programmes-d-emissions/CIC_base-
prospectus_2015-07-02.pdf); 
(7) 
The terms and conditions and the technical annex of the Notes contained on pages 190 to 448 of the 
base 
prospectus 
dated 
28 
June 
2016 
(the 
2016 
Conditions) 
(https://www.cic.fr/partage/fr/I14/telechargements/programmes-d-emissions/CIC_base-
prospectus_2016-06-28.pdf);  
(8) 
The terms and conditions and the technical annex of the Notes contained on pages 209 to 516 of the 
base 
prospectus 
dated 
22 
June 
2017 
(the 
2017 
Conditions) 
(https://www.cic.fr/partage/fr/I14/telechargements/programmes-d-emissions/CIC_base-
prospectus_2017-06-22.pdf); 
(9) 
The terms and conditions and the technical annex of the Notes contained on pages 215 to 525 of the 
base 
prospectus 
dated 
28 
June 
2018 
(the 
2018 
Conditions) 
(https://www.cic.fr/partage/fr/I14/telechargements/programmes-d-emissions/CIC_base-
prospectus_2018-06-28.pdf);

--- Page 36 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
 
36 
 
 
(10) 
The terms and conditions and the technical annex of the Notes contained on pages 221 to 543 of the 
base 
prospectus 
dated 
26 
June 
2019 
(the 
2019 
Conditions) 
(https://www.cic.fr/partage/fr/I14/telechargements/programmes-d-
emissions/CIC_Base_Prospectus_26_juin_2019.PDF);  
(11) 
The terms and conditions and the technical annex of the Notes contained on pages 186 to 468 of the 
base 
prospectus 
dated 
24 
June 
2020 
(the 
2020 
Conditions) 
(https://www.cic.fr/partage/fr/CC/telechargements/programmes-d-
emissions/CIC_Base_Prospectus_24_juin_2020.pdf),  
(12) 
The terms and conditions and the technical annex of the Notes contained on pages 196 to 500 of the 
base 
prospectus 
dated 
21 
June 
2021 
(the 
2021 
Conditions) 
(https://www.cic.fr/partage/fr/CC/telechargements/programmes-d-
emissions/CIC_Base_Prospectus_21_juin_2021.pdf.  
(13) 
The terms and conditions and the technical annex of the Notes contained on pages 208 to 527 of the 
base 
prospectus 
dated 
21 
June 
2022 
(the 
2022 
Conditions) 
(https://www.cic.fr/partage/fr/CC/telechargements/programmes-d-
emissions/CIC_Base_Prospectus_21_juin_2022.pdf) 
save that any statement contained herein or in a document which is deemed to be incorporated by reference 
herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that 
a statement contained in any such subsequent document which is deemed to be incorporated by reference 
herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will be published on the Issuer's 
website 
www.cic.fr 
(hyperlink: 
https://www.cic.fr/fr/banques/institutionnel/actionnaires-et-
investisseurs/programmes-d-emissions.html) and on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website at 
www.luxse.com. This Base Prospectus will also be published on the Issuer's website www.cic.fr and on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website at www.luxse.com.  
With respect to the the 2022 URD and the 2021 URD, the Issuer assumes the responsibility for the correct 
translation of these documents. 
Pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/979, as amended, the Issuer will in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy or omission relating to information included in this Base Prospectus, which may affect the 
assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new prospectus, in each 
case to be approved by the CSSF, for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
In accordance with and pursuant to Articles 23.2 of the Prospectus Regulation, where the Notes are offered 
through a Non-Exempt Offer, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Notes before any 
supplement is published have the right, exercisable within two working days after the publication of this 
supplement, to withdraw their acceptances provided that the significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy referred to in Article 23.1 of the Prospectus Regulation arose or was noted before the final 
closing of the Non-Exempt Offer and the delivery of the Notes. That period may be extended by the Issuer or, 
if any, the relevant Authorised Offeror(s). The final date of the right of withdrawal shall be stated in the 
supplement. 
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is set out in the cross-reference table below.

--- Page 37 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
 
37 
 
 
The non-incorporated parts and the non-incorporated documents referred to above are not incorporated by 
reference as they are not relevant for an investor or are covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the information requested to be disclosed by the Issuer as a result of Annex 6 of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended (the 
Commission Delegated Regulation) and not referred to in the cross-reference table below is either contained 
in the relevant sections of this Base Prospectus or is not relevant to the Issuer. 
Unless otherwise explicitly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus in accordance with the list 
below, the information contained in the website of the Issuer shall not be deemed incorporated by reference 
herein and is for information purposes only. Therefore it does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 38 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
 
38 
 
 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST RELATING TO INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY 
REFERENCE 
 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY 
REFERENCE  
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation  
2021 URD 
2022 URD 
3. RISK FACTORS 
A description of the material risks that are specific to the 
issuer and that may affect the issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the securities, in a limited number of 
categories, in a section headed ‘Risk Factors’. 
 
200-206 
4. INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
4.1 History and development of the issuer 
 
26 
4.1.1 The legal and commercial name of the issuer 
 
526 
4.1.2 The place of registration of the issuer, its registration 
number and legal entity identifier (‘LEI’). 
 
526 
4.1.3 The date of incorporation and the length of life of the 
issuer, except where the period is indefinite. 
 
526 
4.1.4 The domicile and legal form of the issuer, the 
legislation under which the issuer operates, its country of 
incorporation, the address, telephone number of its 
registered office (or principal place of business if different 
from its registered office) and website of the issuer, if any, 
with a disclaimer that the information on the website does 
not form part of the prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into the prospectus. 
 
526 
4.1.7 Information on the material changes in the issuer’s 
borrowing and funding structure since the last financial year 
 
N/A 
5. BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
5.1 Principal activities 
 
 
5.1.1 A description of the issuer’s principal activities, 
including: 
(a) the main categories of products sold and/or services 
performed; 
(b) an indication of any significant new products or 
activities; 
(c) the principal markets in which the issuer competes. 
 
2; 6-7; 13-25; 
47-49; 432 
5.2 The basis for any statements made by the issuer 
regarding its competitive position. 
 
13-25; 37-43 
6. ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
6.1 If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the 
group and the issuer’s position within the group. This may 
be in the form of, or accompanied by, a diagram of the 
organisational structure if this helps to clarify the structure. 
 
12; 505-512 
9. ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES  
9.1 Names, business addresses and functions within the 
issuer of the following persons and an indication of the 
principal activities performed by them outside of that issuer 
where these are significant with respect to that issuer: 
 
172-181

--- Page 39 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
 
39 
 
 
(a) members of the administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies; 
(b) partners with unlimited liability, in the case of a limited 
partnership with a share capital. 
 
9.2 Administrative, management, and supervisory 
bodies’ conflicts of interests 
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the 
issuer, of the persons referred to in item 9.1, and their 
private interests and or other duties must be clearly stated. 
In the event that there are no such conflicts, a statement to 
that effect must be made. 
 
184 
10. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS  
10.1 To the extent known to the issuer, state whether the 
issuer is directly or indirectly owned or controlled and by 
whom and describe the nature of such control and describe 
the measures in place to ensure that such control is not 
abused. 
 
520-521 
11. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1 Historical financial information 
 
 
11.1.1 Audited historical financial information covering the 
latest two financial years (or such shorter period as the 
issuer has been in operation) and the audit report in respect 
of each year. 
351-419; 421-
463 
403-470; 473-
516 
11.1.3 Accounting Standards 
The financial information must be prepared according to 
International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in 
the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. 
351-419; 421-
463 
403-470; 473-
516 
11.1.5  
Where the audited financial information is prepared 
according to national accounting standards, the  
financial information required under this heading must 
include at least the following:  
(a) the balance sheet;  
 
 
(b) the income statement;  
 
 
(c) the cash flow statement;  
 
 
(d) the accounting policies and explanatory notes.  
 
 
 
 
 
352-353; 422-
423  
 
354; 424  
 
 
357  
 
 
358-414; 426-
459  
 
 
 
 
404-405; 474-
475 
 
 
406; 476 
 
 
409 
 
 
410-465; 478-
512 
11.1.6 Consolidated financial statements 
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and consolidated 
financial statements, include at least the consolidated 
financial statements in the registration document. 
351-419 
403-470 
11.1.7 Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited financial 
information statements may not be older than 18 months 
from the date of the registration document. 
 
404-405

--- Page 40 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
 
40 
 
 
11.3 Auditing of historical annual financial information 
 
 
11.3.1 The historical annual financial information must be 
independently audited. The audit report shall be prepared in 
accordance with Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation 
(EU) No 537/2014.  
Where Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 
537/2014 do not apply, the historical financial information 
must be audited or reported on as to whether or not, for the 
purposes of the registration document, it gives a true and 
fair view in accordance with auditing standards applicable 
in a Member State or an equivalent standard. 
415-419; 460-
463 
466-470; 513-
516 
11.3.1a Where audit reports on the historical financial 
information have been refused by the statutory auditors or 
where they contain qualifications, modifications of opinion, 
disclaimers or an emphasis of matter, the reason must be 
given, and such qualifications, modifications, disclaimers 
or emphasis of matter must be reproduced in full. 
N/A 
N/A 
11.4 Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
 
11.4.1 Information on any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the issuer is 
aware), during a period covering at least the previous 12 
months which may have, or have had in the recent past 
significant effects on the issuer and/or group’s financial 
position or profitability, or provide an appropriate negative 
statement. 
 
 
527 
12. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
12.1 Share capital 
The amount of the issued capital, the number and classes of 
the shares of which it is composed with details of their 
principal characteristics, the part of the issued capital still 
to be paid up with an indication of the number, or total 
nominal value and the type of the shares not yet fully paid 
up, broken down where applicable according to the extent 
to which they have been paid up. 
 
 
520 
12.2 Memorandum and Articles of Association 
The register and the entry number therein, if applicable, and 
a description of the issuer’s objects and purposes and where 
they can be found in the memorandum and articles of 
association. 
 
526 
 
The January 2013 Conditions, the September 2013 Conditions, the 2014 Conditions, the 2015 Conditions, the 
2016 Conditions, the 2017 Conditions, the 2018 Conditions, the 2019 Conditions, the 2020 Conditions, the 
2021 Conditions and the 2022 Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose 
only of further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued 
under the relevant previous base prospectus. 
 
Information incorporated by reference 
Reference 
January 2013 Conditions 
pages 111 to 220  
September 2013 Conditions 
pages 130 to 253

--- Page 41 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
 
41 
 
 
Information incorporated by reference 
Reference 
2014 Conditions 
pages 164 to 335  
2015 Conditions 
pages 170 to 397  
2016 Conditions 
pages 190 to 448  
2017 Conditions 
pages 209 to 516  
2018 Conditions 
pages 215 to 525  
2019 Conditions 
pages 221 to 543  
2020 Conditions 
pages 186 to 468 
2021 Conditions 
pages 196 to 500 
2022 Conditions 
pages 208 to 527 
Non-incorporated parts of the base prospectuses of the Issuer dated respectively 18 January 2013, 25 
September 2013, 24 September 2014, 2 July 2015, 28 June 2016, 22 June 2017, 28 June 2018, 26 June 2019, 
24 June 2020, 21 June 2021 and 21 June 2022 are not relevant for investors.

--- Page 42 ---
Persons Responsible for the Information given in this Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
42 
 
 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect 
the import of such information. 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial 
6, avenue de Provence 
75009 Paris 
Duly represented by 
Eric CHARPENTIER 
Deputy Director General 
(Directeur Général Adjoint)

--- Page 43 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
 
 
43 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Subject as provided below in relation to French Law Notes, each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and 
will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a Permanent Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper 
(the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will 
also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of 
the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either 
be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued 
in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial 
owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. 
person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification 
(based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, interests 
in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein either 
for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) definitive Notes of the same Series with, 
where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and 
subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in 
each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already 
been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, 
principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons 
attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an 
Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified 
that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14

--- Page 44 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
 
 
44 
 
 
days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to 
cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or 
will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by 
the Permanent Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in 
such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Agent 
requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first 
relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Permanent Global Notes and definitive Notes which have an original 
maturity of more than 1 year and on all receipts and interest coupons relating to such Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any 
gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes, receipts or interest 
coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Agent shall 
arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an 
existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further 
Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN 
assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and 
form a single series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes. In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented 
by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in 
accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then from 9.00 p.m. (Paris time) on such day holders of 
interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account 
provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the 
Deed of Covenant) dated 21 June 2023 and executed by the Issuer. 
French Law Notes 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, French Law Notes will be issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France or in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder in either 
administered registered form (nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of a Euroclear France Account

--- Page 45 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
 
 
45 
 
 
Holder or in fully registered form (nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France 
maintained by the Issuer or by the Registration Agent designated in the relevant Final Terms, all as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes.

--- Page 46 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
46 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN €100,000 
(OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY OTHER CURRENCY) 
 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which have a 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) issued under the Programme 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (UE) 
2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
[Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 47 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
47 
 
 
1[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 
5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
OR 
 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined 
in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - 
investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable].]] 
 
2[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 
5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail 
                                                     
1 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the 
UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included.  
2 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the 
UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included.

--- Page 48 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
48 
 
 
clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure 
execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable]. [Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]]3 
 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified 
or amended from time to time (the SFA) - In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the 
Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the 
CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]4 
[The Base Prospectus dated 21 June 2023 expires on 21 June 2024. The updated Base Prospectus will be 
published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website www.luxse.com and on the Issuer’s website 
https://www.cic.fr/fr/banques/institutionnel/actionnaires-et-investisseurs/programmes-d-emissions.html ]5 
Final Terms dated [] 
[add logo if listed] 
CRÉDIT INDUSTRIEL ET COMMERCIAL 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): N4JDFKKH2FTD8RKFXO39 
€ 15,000,000,000 
Structured Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(the Programme) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the Programme 
[The Notes will only be admitted to trading on the professional segment of the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a specific segment of an EEA regulated market (as defined in MiFID 
II), to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and shall not 
be offered or sold to non-qualified investors.] 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth under the section entitled ["Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes"] / ["Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes"] and the section entitled "Technical Annex" in the Base Prospectus dated 
                                                     
3 Please note that non-exempt offers in the UK require a FCA approval. Since the Base Prospectus is not approved by the FCA, an approval of this 
document or a drawdown prospectus approved by the FCA should be required before any sales to UK retail investors on a non-exempt basis. 
4 To be included if Notes are offered in Singapore and if the product classification is different from that specified on the cover page of the Base 
Prospectus. 
5 To be included in the case of a Non-Exempt Offer which offer period expires after the expiry date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 49 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
49 
 
 
21 June 2023 [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated []] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
Prospectus Regulation). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus 
in order to obtain all the relevant information. A summary of the Notes (which completes the summary in the 
Base Prospectus to reflect the provisions of these Final Terms) is annexed to these Final Terms. The Base 
Prospectus has been published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website www.luxse.com and on the 
Issuer’s websites https://www.cic.fr/fr/banques/institutionnel/actionnaires-et-investisseurs/programmes-d-
emissions.html and the Final Terms will be published on [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website 
www.luxse.com and on] the Issuer’s websites https://www.cic.fr/fr/banques/institutionnel/actionnaires-et-
investisseurs/programmes-d-emissions.html and https://www.cic-marketsolutions.eu/fr/kidemtncic.aspx.] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth under the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" in the Base Prospectus 
dated [18 January 2013/25 September 2013/24 September 2014/2 July 2015/28 June 2016/22 June 2017/28 
June 2018/26 June 2019/24 June 2020/21 June 2021/21 June 2022] which is incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus dated 21 June 2023. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Regulation (UE) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation) and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 21 June 2023 [and the Supplement[s] to the Base 
Prospectus dated []], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information. A summary of the specific issue is annexed to these Final Terms. 
The Base Prospectus has been published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website www.luxse.com and the 
Final Terms will be published on [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website www.luxse.com and on] the 
Issuer’s websites https://www.cic.fr/fr/banques/institutionnel/actionnaires-et-investisseurs/programmes-d-
emissions.html and https://www.cic-marketsolutions.eu/fr/kidemtncic.aspx.] 
[In respect of any tranche of Notes issued in Singapore Dollars with a denomination of less than S$200,000, 
the following information is provided pursuant to Regulation 6 of the Banking Regulations made under the 
Banking Act 1970 of Singapore: 
 
(a) 
the place of booking of the Notes is [●]; 
(b) 
the branch or office of the Issuer at which the tranche of the Notes is booked is not subject to regulation 
or supervision in Singapore; 
(c)  
the tranche of Notes is [not secured by any means] OR [secured by [please describe the nature of the 
security, the name of the mortgagor, chargor or guarantor and whether such person is regulated 
by the Monetary Authority of Singapore]].] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with 
[identify 
earlier 
Tranches] 
on 
[the 
Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for interests

--- Page 50 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
50 
 
 
in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
[] below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[date]]/[Not Applicable] 
2.  
Specified Currency6: 
[] 
3.  
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[] 
4.  
Issue Price of Tranche: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues only if applicable)] 
5.  
[Minimum Trading Size 
[specify]]  
6.  
(a) 
Specified Denomination(s) 
[] 
(In respect of French Law Notes, there shall be one 
denomination only.) 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[]  
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
7.  
(b) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(c) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date (if different from the 
Issue Date): 
[] 
8.  
Maturity Date: 
[If Fixed Rate, specify date – If Floating Rate: Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify date]] 
9.  
Type of Notes: 
[Fixed Rate/Floating Rate/Fixed to Floating Rate/ Fixed 
to Structured Rate/Floating-to-Structured Rate/Zero 
Coupon/Zero Coupon to Structured Rate/Credit Linked/ 
Index Linked/Equity Linked/Inflation Linked/Currency 
Linked/Commodity 
Linked/Fund 
Linked/Bond 
Linked/Rate Linked/Future Linked/Combined] 
10.  
Supplementary Provisions: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, please insert the relevant Redemption 
Basis that applies upon redemption prior to the Maturity 
Date, 
as 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
                                                     
6 Please note that with respect to domestic issues of French Law Notes settled from an Issuer account situated in France, payment relating to French 
Law Notes shall be made in euros (in accordance with Article 1343-3 of the French Code Civil).

--- Page 51 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
51 
 
 
Supplementary Provisions) 
 
(a) 
Redemption Basis 
[Fair Market Value]7 [Highest Value]8[Monetisation 
Amount]9 
11.  
Interest Basis: 
[Fixed Rate Coupon equal to [] per cent. Fixed Rate per 
annum/[] per cent. of Specified Denomination]/ [Floating 
Rate Coupon equal to 
EURIBOR/CMS/CPTFEMU/€STR/SOFR] +/- [] per 
cent. per annum]/  
[Fixed to Floating Coupon: Fixed Rate Coupon equal to [] 
per cent. Fixed Rate per annum/[] per cent. of Specified 
Denomination/ 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon 
equal 
to 
[EURIBOR/CMS/CPTFEMU/€STR/SOFR] +/- [] per 
cent. per annum] 
[Zero Coupon] / 
[Floating to Structured Coupon: [Floating Rate Coupon 
equal to EURIBOR/CMS/CPTFEMU/€STR/SOFR] +/- [] 
per cent. per annum] to [[Participative Coupon]/[Internal 
Rate of Return Coupon]] / 
[Fixed to Structured Coupon: [Fixed Rate Coupon equal to 
[] per cent. Fixed Rate per annum/[] per cent. of 
Specified Denomination] to [[Participative 
Coupon]/[Internal Rate of Return Coupon]] / 
[Zero Coupon to Structured Coupon: Zero Coupon to 
[[Participative Coupon]/[Internal Rate of Return Coupon]] / 
[Combined Coupon: (specify)]/ 
[Participative Coupon]/ 
[Internal Rate of Return Coupon]/ 
[Not Applicable: The Notes do not bear any Interest] 
 
 
(see paragraph[s] [16] [17] [18] [19] [20] [21] [22] [23] [24] 
[25] [26] [27] [28] below) 
12.  
Redemption/[Payment Basis]: 
[Redemption at a fixed level: Subject to any purchase and 
cancellation or early redemption, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [at least 100] per cent. 
of their nominal amount.] 
[Credit Linked Redemption] 
 
 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
 
 
[Equity Linked Redemption] 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
                                                     
7 For structured notes without capital protection only. 
8 For structured notes with capital protection only or for non structured notes that pay out a fixed amount at maturity. 
9 For structured notes with capital protection only.

--- Page 52 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
52 
 
 
 
 
[Currency Linked Redemption] 
[Commodity Linked Redemption] 
 
 
[Fund Linked Redemption]  
 
 
[Bond Linked Redemption] 
 
 
[Rate Linked Redemption] 
[Future Linked Redemption] 
13.  
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of Notes into 
another Interest Basis or cross refer paragraphs [15] and 
[16] below if details are included there]]/[Not Applicable] 
14.  
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(see paragraph[s] [33] [and] [34] below)] 
15.  
Date of Board approval for issuance 
of the Notes: 
The issue of the Notes has been authorised by a resolution 
of the Issuer's Conseil d'Administration (Board of 
Directors) dated []  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE  
16.  
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
[Subject to the provisions of item [19] [20] [21] [22] [23] 
[24] [25] [26] [27] [28] ] (insert in the case of Index 
Linked, Credit Linked, Equity Linked, Inflation Linked, 
Currency Linked, Commodity Linked, Fund Linked, Bond 
Linked, Rate Linked or Future Linked Notes which bear 
interest) 
 
(a) 
Fixed Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in [arrear/advance] on 
each Interest Payment Date  
[] per cent. of Specified Denomination payable in 
[arrear/advance] on each Interest Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[insert date] up to and including the Maturity Date]/[]  
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount / [] 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] []]/[Not Applicable] 
[Insert particulars of any Initial or Final Broken Amounts 
of interest which do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s)] 
 
(e) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[] [in each year]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 53 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
53 
 
 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual / 
Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon) 
 
(f) 
[Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent)10:] 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
17.  
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
[Subject to the provisions of item  [19] [20] [21] [22] [23] 
[24] [25] [26] [27] [28] ] (insert in the case of Index 
Linked, Credit Linked, Equity Linked, Inflation Linked, 
Currency Linked, Commodity Linked, Fund Linked, Bond 
Linked, Rate Linked or Future Linked Notes which bear 
interest) 
 
(a) 
Interest Period(s): 
[insert period(s)] 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[insert dates(s)]  
 
(c) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/FBF 
Determination] 
 
(d) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation 
Agent): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
Reference Rate and 
Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
Reference Rate: [                ] month 
[EURIBOR/CMS/€STR/SOFR   (inflation) CPTFEMU 
[x Leverage]. 
[London/Brussels/specify 
other 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[]/[[U.S. Government Securities Business Day(s) (if 
SOFR)] prior to [the first day in each Interest Period/each 
Interest Payment Date]] 
                                                     
10 RMB Rate Calculation Agent must be specified for RMB Notes.

--- Page 54 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
54 
 
 
 
 
Specified Time: 
[] (which will be 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
 
 
[Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions appropriately) 
[In the case of €STR or SOFR, delete this paragraph]] 
 
[SOFR Rate of 
Interest 
Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)  
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout Compound / 
SOFR Lookback Compound / SOFR Shift Compound / 
SOFR Index Average]] 
 
[SOFR Rate Cut-
Off Date: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)  
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date 
in relation to the relevant Interest Period.] 
 
[Observation Shift 
Days: 
[●] (only applicable in the case of SOFR)] 
 
 
Leverage: 
 
Observation Look-
Back Period:  
[] 
[] (only applicable in the case of €STR or SOFR) / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[SOFR IndexStart: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)] (Only applicable in the case of SOFR 
Index Average)] 
 
 
[SOFR IndexEnd: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)] (Only applicable in the case of SOFR 
Index Average)] 
 
(f) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[][x Leverage] 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day of 
the Interest Period)

--- Page 55 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
55 
 
 
 
 
Leverage: 
[] 
 
(g) 
FBF Determination: 
 
 
 
Floating Rate: 
[] 
 
 
Floating Rate 
Determination Date: 
[] 
 
 
FBF Definitions: (if 
different from those 
set out in the 
Conditions): 
[] 
 
 
[Leverage: 
[]] 
 
(h) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
 
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum [if the Floating Rate + Margin is 
[lower than/greater than or equal to] [] per cent. per 
annum] [specify other applicable condition from the 
Technical Annex if any] / Not Applicable] 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons) 
 
(j) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum [specify applicable condition 
from the Technical Annex if any] / Not Applicable] 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons) 
18.  
Zero Coupon Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
 
 
(Consider applicable Day Count Fraction if euro 
denominated) 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360]/ 
 
 
[Actual/360]/ 
 
 
[Actual/365] 
19.  
Index Linked Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 56 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
56 
 
 
 
(a) 
Index/Indices: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Screen Page: 
[Specify if applicable, or give the sources of observation 
for each index] 
 
(c) 
Component Transactions: 
[] 
 
(d) 
Formula to be used to 
determine the Index Linked 
Interest Amount: 
[Fixed Rate / Floating Rate / Fixed to Structured Rate / 
Floating to Structured Rate / Zero Coupon to Structured 
Rate / Combined / Participative Coupon / Internal Rate of 
Return Coupon] 
[Insert Formula, Terms of Payment, relevant value(s) and 
other related provisions from the Technical Annex to 
determine the coupon due] 
 
(e) 
Valuation Method: 
The Valuation Method shall be [Highest]/[Average 
Highest]/[Market Value]/[NA] 
 
(f) 
Quotation Method: 
The Quotation Method shall be [Bid]/[Mid]/[Ask]/[NA] 
 
(g) 
Quotation Amount: 
The Quotation Amount shall be []/[As set out in the 
Conditions]/[] 
 
(h) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. 
 
 
[The Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
(only applicable if Modified Postponement is applicable 
as an Averaging election) 
 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to: 
[]/[eight]] 
 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
 
(i) 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not Applicable].] [In the 
event 
that 
an 
Observation 
Date 
is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day/[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
(j) 
Observation Period(s): 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[] 
 
(l) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[]/[As per Condition 20]

--- Page 57 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
57 
 
 
 
(m) 
Exchange(s) and Index 
Sponsor: 
(A) 
the relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [] and 
 
 
(B) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is []. 
 
(n) 
Related Exchange: 
[Specify/Each exchange or quotation system on which 
option contracts or futures contracts relating such Index is 
traded] 
 
(o) 
Relevant Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the Valuation 
Date/during the Observation Period.] [The relevant time is 
[], being the time specified on the Valuation Date or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the calculation of 
the Settlement Price.] (N.B. if no Relevant Time is 
specified, the Valuation Time will be the Scheduled 
Closing Time).] 
20.  
Credit Linked Notes Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Interest payment condition: 
[Conditional upon the [occurrence/non-occurrence] of a 
Credit Event on the [Reference Entity(ies)/Reference 
Obligation(s)] 
during 
the 
Reference 
Period]/[Not 
Applicable]  
 
(b) 
Formula to be used to 
determine the Credit Linked 
Interest Amount: 
[Fixed Rate / Floating Rate/ Fixed to Floating Rate / Fixed 
to Structured Rate / Floating to Structured Rate / Zero 
Coupon to Structured Rate / Combined / Participative 
Coupon / Internal Rate of Return Coupon] 
[Insert Formula, Terms of Payment, relevant value(s) and 
other related provisions from the Technical Annex to 
determine the coupon due] 
 
(c) 
Reference Period: 
The period commencing at or after 12.01 a.m., Greenwich 
Mean Time (GMT) on (and including) [specify date] and 
ending at or prior to 11.59 p.m., GMT on (and including, 
subject as provided below) the Scheduled Termination 
Date. [if other period applicable, delete previous sentence 
and insert applicable provisions] 
 
(d) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
(e) 
Transaction Type: 
[specify] 
 
(f) 
Scheduled Termination 
Date: 
[Maturity Date unless otherwise specified] 
 
(g) 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[[] and any Successor/Not Applicable/(if there is more 
than one Reference Entity) The Reference Entities 
specified in Annex 2 hereto (or any Successor thereto)]

--- Page 58 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
58 
 
 
(If the Reference Entity or Reference Obligation comprises 
of a single entity or obligation, or in the case of a pool of 
underlying where a single reference entity or reference 
obligation represents 20 % or more of the pool, so far as 
the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain from 
information published by the Reference Entity (or the 
issuer of the Reference Obligation), please also add ISIN, 
address, country of incorporation, industry or industries 
in which the Reference Entity (or the issuer of the 
Reference Obligation) operates and the name of the 
market in which its securities are admitted.) 
(In the case of a pool of underlying where a single 
reference entity or reference obligation represents less 
than 20 % of the pool, please include names of the 
reference entities or issuers of the Reference Obligation 
and the ISIN.) 
 
(h) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
Standard Reference Obligation: [Applicable: [Seniority 
Level: Senior Level / Subordinated Level / As set out in 
the Conditions] / Not applicable: specify the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation] 
[(if there is more than one Reference Entity) For each 
Reference Entity, the Reference Obligation(s) specified in 
Annex 2 hereto] 
 
(i) 
Reference Obligation 
Notional Amount: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Credit index: 
[[] (specify the name of the credit index, the name of the 
sponsor of the credit index, the index roll (if applicable) 
and the weighting of each underlying of the credit index) 
/Not Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Index tranche: 
[]/[Not Applicable] (If applicable, specify the tranche) 
 
(l) 
Issuer(s)11: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(m) 
Guarantor(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(n) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(o) 
Obligation: 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment] 
 
 
 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
 
 
[Reference Obligations 
Only] 
 
 
 
[Bond] 
 
 
 
[Loan] 
 
 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
 
 
 
                                                     
11This relates to the Reference Entity and/or the Reference Obligation.

--- Page 59 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
59 
 
 
 
 
Obligation Characteristics: [Not Subordinated] 
 
 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
 
 
[Specified currency] 
 
 
 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
 
 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
 
 
[Listed] 
 
 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
 
Excluded Obligations: 
[None]/[specify] 
 
(p) 
Grace Period: 
[The number of days equal to the grace period with respect 
to payments in accordance with the terms of, and under, 
the relevant Obligation, and, if no grace period is 
applicable, zero./insert maximum number of days] 
 
(q) 
Grace Period Extension: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(r) 
Maturity Date Extension: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(s) 
Credit Events: 
[Bankruptcy] 
 
 
[Failure to Pay] 
 
 
[Loss Event] 
 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
 
[Obligation Default] 
 
 
[Rating Downgrade] 
 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
 
[Governmental Intervention]  
 
 
[Restructuring: 
 
 
[Multiple Holder Obligation: Applicable] 
 
 
[Mod R: Applicable] 
 
 
[Mod Mod R: Applicable] 
 
(t) 
Payment Requirement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Specify] 
 
 
(If not specified, Payment Requirement will be 
USD1,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency as of the occurrence of the Failure to Pay or 
Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable). 
 
(u) 
Default Requirement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Specify] 
 
 
(If 
not 
specified, 
Default 
Requirement 
will 
be 
USD10,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant 
Credit Event).

--- Page 60 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
60 
 
 
 
(v) 
Fallback provisions: 
[Applicable : [Specify relevant details from Condition 
19.18 (i) / In accordance with Condition 19.18 (ii)]/Not 
Applicable  
(Only applicable for a credit index or an index tranche) 
 
(w) 
Financial Reference Entity 
Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]/[(If there is more than one 
Reference Entity) According to the Transaction Type 
specified in Annex 2 hereto: Applicable if the Transaction 
Type is a Financial Transaction Type] 
 
(x) 
Subordinated 
European 
Insurance: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
21.  
Equity Linked Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Share(s): 
[] 
 
(b) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[Specify] 
 
(c) 
Screen 
Page/Exchange 
Code: 
[Specify] 
 
(d) 
Formula to be used to 
determine the Equity Linked 
Interest Amount: 
[Fixed Rate / Floating Rate / Fixed to Structured Rate / 
Floating to Structured Rate / Zero Coupon to Structured 
Rate / Combined / Participative Coupon / Internal Rate of 
Return Coupon] 
[Insert Formula, Terms of Payment, relevant value(s) and 
other related provisions from the Technical Annex to 
determine the coupon due] 
 
(e) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply.] 
 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
(only applicable if Modified Postponement is applicable 
as an Averaging election).  
 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to: 
[]/[eight]] 
 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight)

--- Page 61 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
61 
 
 
 
(f) 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not Applicable].] [In the 
event 
that 
an 
Observation 
Date 
is 
a 
Disrupted 
Date/[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply.] 
 
(g) 
Observation Period(s): 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[] 
 
(i) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[]/[As per Condition 21] 
 
(j) 
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] []. 
 
(k) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[Specify/Each exchange or quotation system on which 
option contracts or futures contracts relating such Share 
are traded] 
 
(l) 
Relevant Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the Valuation 
Date/during the Observation Period.] [The relevant time is 
[], being the time specified on the Valuation Date or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the calculation of 
the Settlement Price.] (N.B. if no Relevant Time is 
specified, the Valuation Time will be the Scheduled 
Closing Time). 
22.  
Inflation Linked Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Index/Indices: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Screen Page/Exchange 
Code: 
[] 
 
(c) 
Formula to be used to 
determine the Inflation 
Linked Interest Amount: 
[Fixed Rate / Floating Rate / Fixed to Structured Rate / 
Floating to Structured Rate / Zero Coupon to Structured 
Rate / Combined / Participative Coupon / Internal Rate of 
Return Coupon] 
[Insert Formula, Terms of Payment, relevant value(s) and 
other related provisions from the Technical Annex to 
determine the coupon due] 
 
(d) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
(e) 
Specified Maximum days of 
Disruption: 
[]/[eight]

--- Page 62 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
62 
 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
 
(f) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Related Bond: 
[[]/Fall Back Bond]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Issuer of Related Bond: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Fall Back Bond: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Index Sponsor: 
[] 
 
(k) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(l) 
Relevant Time: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(m) 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not Applicable].]  
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date/[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply.] 
 
(n) 
Observation Period(s): 
[specify/Not Applicable] 
23. 
 Currency Linked Interest Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Exchange Rate(s): 
[] 
 
(b) 
Formula to be used to 
determine the Currency 
Linked Interest Amount: 
[Fixed Rate / Floating Rate / Fixed to Structured Rate / 
Floating to Structured Rate / Zero Coupon to Structured 
Rate / Combined / Participative Coupon / Internal Rate of 
Return Coupon] 
[Insert Formula, Terms of Payment, relevant value(s) and 
other related provisions from the Technical Annex to 
determine the coupon due] 
 
(c) 
Screen page: 
[●] 
 
(d) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
(e) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[]

--- Page 63 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
63 
 
 
 
(f) 
Specified Maximum days of 
Disruption: 
[]/[eight] 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
 
(g) 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
(h) 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not Applicable].] [In 
the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date/[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply.] 
 
(i) 
Observation Period(s): 
[specify/Not Applicable] 
24. 
 Commodity Linked Interest Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Commodity/Commodities/ 
Commodity Index: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Formula to be used to 
determine the Commodity 
Linked Interest Amount: 
[Fixed Rate / Floating Rate / Fixed to Structured Rate / 
Floating to Structured Rate / Zero Coupon to Structured 
Rate / Combined / Participative Coupon / Internal Rate of 
Return Coupon] 
[Insert Formula, Terms of Payment, relevant value(s) and 
other related provisions from the Technical Annex to 
determine the coupon due] 
 
(c) 
Deadline for publication of 
correction of Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[]/[As per Condition 24] 
 
(d) 
Commodity Reference 
Price: 
[] 
the Price Source is/are: [] 
 
(e) 
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] []. 
 
(f) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
(g) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[]/[two]

--- Page 64 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
64 
 
 
 
 
(if no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
two) (applicable only to Price Source Disruption or 
Trading Disruption) 
 
(h) 
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Delayed Redemption on 
Occurrence of Market 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Relevant Time:  
[] 
 
(k) 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not Applicable].] [In 
the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date/[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply.] 
 
(l) 
Observation Period(s): 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
25. 
 Fund Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Fund/Funds: 
[] 
[The [] Fund is an ETF]12(If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(b) 
Fund Shares: 
[][] 
[The [] Fund is an ETF]13 
 
(c) 
Weighting: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Weighting to be applied to each 
Fund Share comprising the Fund Basket is []][] 
 
(d) 
Formula to be used to 
determine the Fund Linked 
Interest Amount: 
[Fixed Rate / Floating Rate / Fixed to Structured Rate/ 
Floating to Structured Rate/Zero Coupon to Structured 
Rate/ Combined / Participative Coupon / Internal Rate of 
Return Coupon] 
[Insert Formula, Terms of Payment, relevant value(s) and 
other related provisions from the Technical Annex to 
determine the coupon due] 
 
(e) 
Exchange(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] (only applicable to ETFs)[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Related Exchange: 
[]/[All Exchanges]/[Not Applicable] (only applicable to 
ETFs)[]/[Not Applicable] (only applicable to ETFs) 
                                                     
12Specify each ETF (if any). 
13Specify each ETF (if any).

--- Page 65 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
65 
 
 
 
(g) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All Fund Share Basis]/[Per Fund Share Basis]/[Single 
Fund Share Basis] (only applicable to ETFs)[]/[All 
Exchanges]/[Not Applicable] (only applicable to ETFs) 
 
(h) 
Fund Documents: 
[] A copy of the Funds Documents can be obtained from 
[] (only applicable to ETFs)  
 
(i) 
Fund Business Day: 
[All Fund Share Basis]/[Per Fund Share Basis]/[Single 
Fund Share Basis][] A copy of the Funds Documents can 
be obtained from [] 
 
(j) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[As per Condition 25]/[] 
 
(k) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Condition 25]/[][As per Condition 25]/[] 
 
(l) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable][As per Condition 25]/[] 
 
(m) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable][]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(n) 
NAV Barrier: 
[][]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(o) 
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[As per Condition 25]/[][] 
 
(p) 
NAV Trigger Period: 
[][As per Condition 25]/[] 
 
(q) 
Number of NAV Publication 
Days: 
[][] 
 
(r) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
 
(s) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[] 
 
Business Day Convention 
for Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[] 
[Following/Modified Following/Preceding/FRN/None] 
 
(t) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] 
 
Business Day Convention 
for Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] 
[Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding/FRN/None/Not applicable] 
 
 
(If a Business Day Convention is specified for Interest 
Period End Date(s), unless Interest Payment Date(s) are 
expressed to be a number of Business Days after the 
relevant Interest Period End Final Date, Interest Payment 
Date(s) must be subject to the same Business Day 
Convention)[] 
 
 
[Following/Modified Following/Preceding/FRN/None] 
26.  
Bond Linked Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 66 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
66 
 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Type of Bond Linked Notes: 
[Single Bond Linked Notes][Basket Bond Linked Notes] 
 
(b) 
Interest payment condition: 
[Conditional upon the [occurrence/non-occurrence]of a 
Bond Event on the Bond(s) during the Reference 
Period]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Reference Period: 
The period commencing at or after 12.01 a.m., Greenwich 
Mean Time (GMT) on (and including) [specify date] and 
ending at or prior to 11.59 p.m., GMT on (and including, 
subject as provided below) the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
[if other period applicable, delete previous sentence and 
insert applicable provisions] 
 
(d) 
Formula to be used to 
determine the Bond Linked 
Interest Amount: 
[Fixed Rate / Floating Rate / Fixed to Floating Rate / Fixed 
to Structured Rate / Floating to Structured Rate / Zero 
Coupon to Structured Rate / Combined / Participative 
Coupon / Internal Rate of Return Coupon] 
[Insert Formula, Terms of Payment, relevant value(s) and 
other related provisions from the Technical Annex to 
determine the coupon due] 
 
(e) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
(f) 
First Bond Event Occurrence 
Date: 
[] 
 
(g) 
Scheduled Maturity Date: 
[specify] 
 
(h) 
Bond(s): 
[If single Bond Linked Notes] 
Bond 
Issuer 
Bond ISIN 
Code 
Bond 
Currenc
y 
Bond 
Notional 
Amount 
Maturity 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
 
[If Basket Bond Linked Notes] 
Reference Portfolio 
Bond 
Issuer 
Bond 
ISIN 
Code 
Bond 
Weighting 
Bond 
Currency 
Bond 
Notional 
Amount 
Maturity 
Reference 
Price 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
(i) 
Bond Currency: 
[For Single Bond Linked Notes: The Bond Currency 
described in paragraph “Bond(s)” above]

--- Page 67 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
67 
 
 
[For Basket Bond Linked Notes: The Bond Currency 
described in respect of the Bonds comprised in the 
Reference Portfolio as described in paragraph “Bond(s)” 
above] 
 
(j) 
Bond Notional Amount: 
[For Single Bond Linked Notes: On the Issue Date, the 
Bond Notional Amount in the Bond Currency, each as 
described in paragraph 26(h) above and thereafter as 
modified in accordance with the definition of “Bond 
Notional Amount” in the Additional provisions applicable 
to Bond Linked Notes.] 
 
 
[For Basket Bond Linked Notes: On the Issue Date, the 
Bond Notional Amount in the Bond Currency described in 
respect of the Bonds comprised in the Reference Portfolio, 
all as described in paragraph 26(h) above and thereafter as 
modified in accordance with the definition of “Bond 
Notional Amount” in the Additional provisions applicable 
to Bond Linked Notes] 
 
(k) 
Bond Events: 
[If Single Bond Linked Notes: The Bond Event(s) specified 
below] [If Basket Bond Linked Notes: For each Bond 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio, the Bond Event(s) 
specified below:] 
 
 
[Bond Acceleration] 
 
 
[Bond Default] 
 
 
[Bond Early Redemption] 
 
 
[Bond Governmental Intervention] 
 
 
[Bond Issuer ISDA Event] 
 
 
[Bond Restructuring] 
 
 
[Bond Failure to Pay] 
 
(l) 
Default Requirement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Specify] 
(If not specified, Default Requirement will be USD 
10,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit 
Event). 
27.  
Rate Linked Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 68 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
68 
 
 
 
(a) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[insert dates(s)]  
 
(b) 
Underlying Rate(s): 
[] 
 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[] (In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
 Relevant Financial 
Centre(s): 
[London/Brussels/specify 
other 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre] 
 
 Rate Determination Date(s): 
[] 
 
 Relevant Time: 
[] (which will be 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 
 Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
 Reset Date(s): 
[] (In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day 
of the Interest Period) 
 
 Leverage: 
[] 
 
 Underlying ISDA Rate: 
[] 
 
(e) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Rate Determination 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
 
FBF Definitions (if 
different from those 
set out in the 
Conditions): 
[] 
 
 
[Leverage: 
[]] 
 
(f) 
Formula to be used to 
determine the Rate Linked 
Interest Amount: 
[Fixed Rate / Floating Rate / Fixed to Floating Rate / Fixed 
to Structured Rate/ Floating to Structured Rate/Zero 
Coupon to Structured Rate/ Combined / Participative 
Coupon / Internal Rate of Return Coupon] 
[Insert Formula, Terms of Payment, relevant value(s) and 
other related provisions from the Technical Annex to 
determine the coupon due]

--- Page 69 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
69 
 
 
 
(g) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
(h) 
Observation Date(s): 
[] 
 
(i) 
Observation Period: 
[] 
 
(j) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[] 
 
(k) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[]/[As defined in Condition 27.3] 
 
(l) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
(m) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[] 
28.  
Future Linked Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 (a) 
Future/ Basket of Futures: 
[] 
 
 
(Specify Weighting for Basket of Futures) 
 (b) 
Formula to be used to 
determine the Future Linked 
Interest Amount: 
[Fixed Rate / Floating Rate / Fixed to Floating Rate / Fixed 
to Structured Rate / Floating to Structured Rate / Zero 
Coupon to Structured Rate / Combined / Participative 
Coupon / Internal Rate of Return Coupon] 
[Insert Formula, Terms of Payment, relevant value(s) and 
other related provisions from the Technical Annex to 
determine the coupon due] 
 (c) 
Roll Adjustment 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 (d) 
Expiry Date: 
[] 
 (e) 
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] []. 
 (f) 
Active Future Contract: 
[] 
 (g) 
Next Active Future Contract: [] 
 (h) 
Initial Quantity Factor: 
[]/[As per Condition 28.7] 
 (i) 
Quantity Adjustment Factor: 
[Option Fixing Roll][Option TWAP Roll][As per 
Condition 28.7]/[]

--- Page 70 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
70 
 
 
 (j) 
Rolling Cost: 
[]/[As per Condition 28.7] 
 (k) 
Rolling Date(s): 
[]/[As per Condition 28.7] 
 (l) 
Rolling Time: 
[]/[As per Condition 28.7] 
 (m) 
AFC Commencement Date: 
[] 
 (n) 
AFC End Date: 
[] 
 (o) 
AFC_TWAPStartTime:  
[] 
 (p) 
AFC_TWAPEndTime:  
[] 
 (q) 
NAFC 
Commencement 
Date: 
[] 
 (r) 
NAFC End Date: 
[] 
 (s) 
NAFC_TWAPStartTime:  
[] 
 (t) 
NAFC_TWAPEndTime:  
[] 
 (u) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 (v) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[] 
 (w) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Future Basis/All Future Basis/Per Future Basis/As 
per Condition 28.7] 
 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
 (x) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Future Basis/All Future Basis/Per Future Basis/As 
per Condition 28.7] 
 (y) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[]/[eight] 
 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
 (z) 
Payment Extension Days: 
[] (If no Payment Extension Days are stated, Payment 
Extension Days will be equal to two (2) Payment Business 
Days) 
 (aa) 
Observation Date: 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not Applicable].] [In 
the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date/[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply.] 
 (bb) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].]

--- Page 71 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
71 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 (cc) 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
29.  
Business Day Convention 
 
 
(a) 
For Interest Payment Dates: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(b) 
For Interest Periods: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/Not 
Applicable]  
 
(c) 
For the Maturity Date or 
Redemption Date: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/Not 
Applicable]  
 
(d) 
Any other date: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/Not 
Applicable] 
30.  
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/360]/[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/365 (Fixed)]/ 
 
 
[Actual/365 – FBF]/ 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]/ 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]/ 
 
 
[Actual/360]/ 
 
 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]/ 
 
 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond basis]/[]/[Not Applicable] 
31.  
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
32.  
Notice periods for Condition 6.2 of 
the English Law Notes and 
Condition 9.2 of the French Law 
Notes: 
Minimum period: [         ] days 
Maximum period: [         ] days 
33.  
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[]

--- Page 72 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
72 
 
 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount [less Early Redemption Unwind 
Costs. Early Redemption Unwind Costs means [Standard 
Early Redemption Unwind Costs]]/Fair Market Value] 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [         ] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
34.  
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount [minus the Early Redemption 
Fees] 
 
(c) 
Early Redemption Fees: 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. of the Calculation Amount] 
 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [         ] days 
Maximum period: [         ] days

--- Page 73 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
73 
 
 
35.  
Early 
Redemption 
upon 
the 
crossing of a Coupon threshold 
[[Condition [6.6(a)]/[6.6(b)] of the [English Law Notes] 
[[9.6(a) ]/ [9.6(b) ] of the French Law Notes] is 
applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Threshold Observation Start 
Date: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Threshold Percentage: 
[] 
(c) 
Threshold Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
(d) 
Threshold Redemption 
Date: 
[next Interest Payment Date after the crossing of the 
Threshold Percentage]/ [[] business days after the crossing 
of the Threshold Percentage] 
(if Condition 6.6(a) of the English Law Notes or Condition 
9.6(a) of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, applies, 
the Threshold Redemption Dates are the same as Interest 
Payment Dates) 
(e) 
Notice periods: 
[In accordance with Condition [6.6 of the English Law 
Notes]/[9.6 of the French Law Notes] /[] business days] 
36.  
Final Redemption Amount 
(a) 
[[] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount] 
The 
[Credit//Index/Equity/Inflation/Currency/ 
Commodity/Fund/Bond/Rate/Future] 
Linked 
Redemption Amount specified below]/[Physical 
Delivery] 
 
 
(b) 
Settlement Method: [Cash Settled Notes]/[Physical 
Delivery] 
 
 
(NB: In the case of any Equity Linked Notes or Credit Linked 
Notes, specify whether the Notes are Cash Settled Notes or 
Physical Delivery Notes. All other Notes are cash settled 
Notes)  
 
 
 
(a) 
Index Linked Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index/Indices: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Screen Page: 
[Specify if applicable, or give the sources of observation for 
each index]

--- Page 74 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
74 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Component 
Transactions: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Formula to be used 
to 
determine 
the 
principal due: 
[Reverse Convertible with European Barrier] / [Reverse 
Convertible with American Barrier] / [Generic Reverse with 
European Barrier] / [Generic Short Call Spread] / [Lock-In] / 
[Autocall with [European/American] Barrier] / [Callable 
Stability] 
/ 
[Call] 
/ 
[Bonus 
Certificate 
with 
[European/American] Barrier] / [Shark] / [Himalaya] / 
[Ladder Call Spread] / [Mountain Range] / [Parachute A] / 
[Parachute B] / [Dispersion]: 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions (to determine the principal due) from the 
Technical Annex] 
 
(v) 
Settlement Price: 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Valuation Method: 
The Valuation Method shall be [Highest]/[Average 
Highest]/[Market Value]/[NA] 
 
(vii) 
Quotation Method: 
The Quotation Method shall be [Bid]/[Mid]/[Ask]/[NA] 
 
(viii) 
Quotation Amount: 
The Quotation Amount shall be []/[As set out in the 
Conditions]/[NA] 
 
(ix) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. 
 
 
[The Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
(only applicable if Modified Postponement is applicable as 
an Averaging election) 
 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to: 
[]/[eight]] 
 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to eight) 
 
(x) 
Observation Date(s): [The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not Applicable].] [In the 
event 
that 
an 
Observation 
Date 
is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day/[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
(xi) 
Observation 
Period(s): 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Exchange Business 
Day: 
[]

--- Page 75 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
75 
 
 
 
(xiii) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
[]/[As per Condition 20] 
 
(xiv) 
Exchange(s) and 
Index Sponsor: 
(A) 
the relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [] and 
 
 
(B) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is []. 
 
(xv) 
Related Exchange: 
[Specify/Each exchange or quotation system on which option 
contracts or futures contracts relating such Index is traded] 
 
(xvi) 
Relevant Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the Valuation 
Date/during the Observation Period.] [The relevant time is 
[], being the time specified on the Valuation Date or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the calculation of the 
Settlement Price.] (N.B. if no Relevant Time is specified, the 
Valuation Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time). 
 
(xvii) Additional 
Disruption Events: 
[(A)] 
The following Additional Disruption Events apply to 
the Notes: 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies.) 
 
 
[Change of Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[(B)] 
[The Trade Date is []. [If no Trade Date is specified, 
Issue Date will be the Trade Date] 
 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Change of Law and/or 
Increased Cost of Hedging is applicable)] 
 
 
[(C)] 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is []. 
 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[(D)] 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant Share] is []. 
 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)]] 
 
(xviii) Market Disruption 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[]/[eight] 
 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to eight) 
 
(xix) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/" less than"/"less than or equal to" Knock-in Level]]

--- Page 76 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
76 
 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a Disrupted 
Day, [Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-in 
Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-in 
Determinati
on Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-in 
Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-in 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xx) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" Knock-out Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-out 
Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-out 
Determinati
on Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-out 
Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-out 
Period 
[Not Applicable/specify]

--- Page 77 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
77 
 
 
Ending 
Date: 
 
(E) 
Knock-out 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-out 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xxi) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than or equal to"/"less 
than"/"less than or equal to"] Automatic Early Redemption 
Level] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify/See definition in Condition 20] 
 
(B) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[Specify] 
 
(C) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Price: 
[Specify] 
 
(D) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(E) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[Specify] 
 
(F) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[Specify] 
(b) 
Credit Linked Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
(ii) 
Transaction Type: 
[Specify]

--- Page 78 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
78 
 
 
(iii) 
Scheduled 
Termination Date: 
[Maturity Date unless otherwise specified] 
(iv) 
Reference 
Entity(ies): 
[[] and any Successor/Not Applicable/(if there is more than 
one Reference Entity) The Reference Entities specified in 
Annex 2 hereto (or any Successor thereto)] 
(If the Reference Entity or Reference Obligation comprises of 
a single entity or obligation, or in the case of a pool of 
underlying where a single reference entity or reference 
obligation represents 20 % or more of the pool, so far as the 
Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain from information 
published by the Reference Entity (or the issuer of the 
Reference Obligation), please also add ISIN, address, 
country of incorporation, industry or industries in which the 
Reference Entity (or the issuer of the Reference Obligation) 
operates and the name of the market in which its securities 
are admitted.) 
(In the case of a pool of underlying where a single reference 
entity or reference obligation represents less than 20 % of the 
pool, please include names of the reference entities or issuers 
of the Reference Obligation and the ISIN.) 
(v) 
Reference 
Obligation(s): 
Standard Reference Obligation: [Applicable: [Seniority 
Level: Senior Level / Subordinated Level / As set out in the 
Conditions] / Not applicable: specify the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation] 
[(if there is more than one Reference Entity) For each 
Reference Entity, the Reference Obligation(s) specified in 
Annex 2 hereto] 
(vi) 
Reference 
Obligation Notional 
Amount: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Credit index: 
[[] (specify the name of the credit index, the name of the 
sponsor of the credit index, the index roll (if applicable) and 
the weighting of each underlying of the credit index) /Not 
Applicable] 
(viii) 
Index tranche: 
[]/[Not Applicable] (If applicable, specify the tranche) 
(ix) 
Issuer(s)14: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Guarantor(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Obligation: 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment] 
                                                     
14This relates to the Reference Entity and/or the Reference Obligation.

--- Page 79 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
79 
 
 
[Borrowed Money] 
[Reference Obligations Only] 
[Bond] 
[Loan] 
[Bond or Loan] 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed Money] 
[Reference Obligations Only] 
[Bond] 
[Loan] 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Specified currency] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
Excluded Obligations: 
[None]/[specify] 
(xiii) 
Grace Period: 
[The number of days equal to the grace period with respect to 
payments in accordance with the terms of, and under, the 
relevant Obligation, and, if no grace period is applicable, 
zero./insert maximum number of days] 
(xiv) 
Grace Period 
Extension: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Maturity Date 
Extension: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Credit Events: 
[Bankruptcy] 
 
[Failure to Pay] 
 
[Loss Event] 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
[Obligation Default] 
 
[Rating Downgrade] 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
[Governmental Intervention]  
 
[Restructuring: 
 
[Multiple Holder Obligation: Applicable]

--- Page 80 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
80 
 
 
 
[Mod R: Applicable] 
 
[Mod Mod R: Applicable] 
(xvii) Payment 
Requirement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Specify] 
 
(If not specified, Payment Requirement will be USD1,000,000 
or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency as of the 
occurrence of the Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, 
as applicable). 
(xviii) Default 
Requirement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Specify] 
 
(If not specified, Default Requirement will be USD10,000,000 
or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Credit Event). 
(xix) 
Fallback provisions: 
[Applicable : [Specify relevant details from Condition 19.18 
(i) / In accordance with Condition 19.18 (ii)]/Not Applicable  
(Only applicable for a credit index or an index tranche) 
(xx) 
Financial Reference 
Entity Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]/[(If there is more than one 
Reference Entity) According to the Transaction Type 
specified in Annex 2 hereto: Applicable if the Transaction 
Type is a Financial Transaction Type] 
(xxi) 
Subordinated 
European Insurance: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) Notice of Publicly 
Available 
Information: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
 
 
If applicable: Specified Number: [] (if applicable and not 
specified, it shall be two)] 
 
 
Publicly Available Information: [Specify/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) Settlement: 
[Auction/Cash/Physical] Settlement (please specify) 
 
Terms relating to Physical 
Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 81 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
81 
 
 
 
(xxiv) Deliverable 
Obligations: 
[Include Accrued Interest] / [Exclude Accrued Interest] 
 
(xxv) 
Deliverable 
Obligations: 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category: 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
 
 
[Bond] 
 
 
 
[Loan] 
 
 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency] 
 
 
 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
 
 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
 
 
[Listed] 
 
 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
 
 
[Assignable Loan] 
 
 
 
[Consent Required Loan] 
 
 
 
[Transferable] 
 
 
 
[Maximum Maturity] 
 
 
 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
 
 
 
[Not Bearer] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Excluded 
Obligations:   
[None][specify] 
 
(xxvi) Physical Settlement 
Period: 
The longest of the number of Business Days for settlement in 
accordance with the then current market practice of any 
Deliverable Obligation being Delivered, as determined by the 
Calculation 
Agent, 
subject 
to 
a 
minimum 
of 
[30/90/120/other] Business Days following the satisfaction of 
all Conditions to Settlement. 
 
(xxvii) Number of calendar 
days' notice (Notice 
of Physical 
Settlement): 
[0/5/specify number] days 
[insert number of calendar days prior to Physical Settlement 
Date] 
 
(xxviii) Physical Settlement 
Date: 
The date within the Physical Settlement Period upon which 
all the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement are Delivered; provided that if on the last 
day of the Physical Settlement Period the Deliverable 
Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement 
cannot be Delivered due to any reason as set out in Conditions 
19.8, 19.9, 19.10 and 19.12 (Partial Cash Settlement Terms), 
the Physical Settlement Date shall be the last day of the 
Physical Settlement Period.

--- Page 82 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
82 
 
 
 
(xxix) Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement 
Date: 
[[specify number] days after the final day of the Physical 
Settlement Period]. 
 
(xxx) 
Unwind Amount: 
[Applicable: 
[Specify/Standard 
Unwind 
Costs]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
Terms relating to Cash 
Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(xxxi) Valuation Date: 
[] 
 
(xxxii) Valuation Time: 
[As set out in the Condition] / [(specify other)] 
 
(xxxiii) Quotation Method: 
[Bid]/[Mid]/[Ask] 
 
(xxxiv) Quotation Amount: 
[] 
 
(xxxv) Cash Settlement 
Date: 
[As set out in the Conditions] / [(specify other)] 
 
(xxxvi) Valuation Method: 
(for determination 
of Final Price) 
[Exclude Accrued Interest/Include Accrued Interest / As set 
out in the Conditions]  
 
(xxxvii) Unwind Amount 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Terms relating to Auction Settlement: 
 
(xxxviii) 
Fallback 
Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement/Physical Settlement] 
 
(xxxix) Auction Settlement 
Amount: 
Auction Final Price 
 
(xl) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following/Modified Following/Preceding] 
 
(xli) 
Succession Event 
Backstop Date 
subject to 
adjustment in 
accordance with 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Yes/No] 
 
(xlii) 
Hedging 
Arrangement 
Notifying Party: 
[Buyer/Seller/Buyer or Seller]

--- Page 83 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
83 
 
 
 
(xliii) Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/" less than"/"less than or equal to" Knock-in Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a Disrupted 
Day, [Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-in 
Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-in 
Determinati
on Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-in 
Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-in 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xliv) Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" Knock-out Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-out 
Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-out 
Determinati
on Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-out 
Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify]

--- Page 84 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
84 
 
 
 
(D) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-out 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-out 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xlv) 
Formula to be used 
to determine the 
principal due: 
[Credit Linked Notes Early Redeemed]/[Credit Linked Notes 
Redeemed at Maturity]/[Guaranteed Credit Linked Notes 
]/[Leverage 
Basket/Index 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes] 
[Basket/Index Credit Linked Notes]/ [Generic Reverse with 
European Barrier]/ [Generic Short Call Spread] / [ nth to 
Default Credit Linked Notes Early Redeemed]/[Index tranche 
Credit linked Notes]/[ nth to Default Credit Linked Notes 
Redeemed at Maturity]  
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions (to determine the principal due) from the 
Technical Annex] 
(c) 
Equity Linked Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Share(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[Specify] 
 
(iii) 
Screen 
Page/Exchange 
Code: 
[Specify] 
 
(iv) 
Formula to be used 
to 
determine 
the 
principal due: 
[Reverse Convertible with European Barrier] / [Reverse 
Convertible with American Barrier] / [Autocall with 
[European/American] Barrier] / [Generic Reverse with 
European Barrier]/ [Generic Short Call Spread] / [Lock-In] / 
[Callable Stability] / [Call] / [Bonus Certificate with 
[European/American] Barrier] / [Shark] / [Himalaya] / 
[Ladder Call Spread] / [Mountain Range] / [Parachute A] / 
[Parachute B] / [Dispersion]: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions (to determine the principal due) from the 
Technical Annex] 
 
(v) 
Settlement Price: 
The Settlement Price will be calculated [insert calculation 
method]/[As set out in the Conditions] 
[Exchange Rate:[]

--- Page 85 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
85 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. 
 
 
[The Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
(only applicable if Modified Postponement is applicable as 
an Averaging election) 
 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to: 
[]/[eight]] 
 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to eight) 
 
(vii) 
Observation Date(s): [The Observation Date(s) is/are []/ Not Applicable].] [In the 
event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day/ 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(viii) 
Observation 
Period(s): 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Exchange Business 
Day: 
[] 
 
(x) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
[]/[As per Condition 21] 
 
(xi) 
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] []. 
 
(xii) 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[Specify/Each exchange or quotation system on which option 
contracts or futures contracts relating such Share are traded] 
 
(xiii) 
Relevant Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the Valuation 
Date/during the Observation Period.] [The relevant time is 
[, being the time specified on the Valuation Date or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the calculation of the 
Settlement Price.] [N.B. if no Relevant Time is specified, the 
Valuation Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time). 
 
(xiv) 
Additional 
Disruption Events: 
[(A)] 
The following Additional Disruption Events apply to 
the Notes: 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies.) 
 
 
[Change of Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
 
[Failure to Deliver] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[(B)] 
[The Trade Date is [].

--- Page 86 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
86 
 
 
 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Change of Law and/or 
Increased Cost of Hedging is applicable)] 
 
 
[(C)] 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is []. 
 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[(D)] 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant Share] is []. 
 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
 
(xv) 
Market Disruption 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[]/[eight]: 
 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption is stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to eight) 
 
(xvi) 
Delayed 
Redemption on 
Occurrence of 
Extraordinary Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
[Rate for accrual of interest []/as specified in the Terms and 
Conditions] 
 
(xvii) Tender Offer 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) Merger Event, 
Tender Offer, 
De-listing, 
Nationalisation and 
Insolvency (delete 
as appropriate) 
Share Substitution [is applicable/is not applicable]. 
 
(xix) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/" less than"/"less than or equal to" Knock-in Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a Disrupted 
Day, [Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-in 
Level: 
[Specify]

--- Page 87 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
87 
 
 
 
(B) 
Knock-in 
Determinati
on Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-in 
Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-in 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xx) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" Knock-out Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-out 
Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-out 
Determinati
on Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-out 
Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-out 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-out 
Determination Day.]/[]

--- Page 88 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
88 
 
 
 
(xxi) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] Automatic Early 
Redemption Price] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify/See definition in Condition 21.7] 
 
(B) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[Specify] 
 
(C) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Price: 
[Specify] 
 
(D) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[Specify] 
 
(E) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[Specify] 
 
(F) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Number of 
Shares: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(d) 
Fund Linked Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fund/Funds: 
[] 
[The [] Fund is an ETF] 15(If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(ii) 
Fund Shares: 
[][] 
                                                     
15Specify each ETF (if any).

--- Page 89 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
89 
 
 
[The [] Fund is an ETF]16 
 
(iii) 
Weighting: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Weighting to be applied to each Fund 
Share comprising the Fund Basket is []][] 
 
(iv) 
Formula to be used 
to determine the 
principal due: 
[Reverse Convertible with European Barrier] / [Reverse 
Convertible with American Barrier] / [Autocall with 
[European/American] Barrier] /[Generic Reverse with 
European Barrier]/ [Generic Short Call Spread] / [Lock-In] / 
[Callable Stability] / [Call] / [Bonus Certificate with 
[European/American] Barrier] / [Shark] / [Himalaya] / 
[Ladder Call Spread] / [Mountain Range] / [Parachute A] / 
[Parachute B] / [Dispersion]: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions (to determine the principal due) from the 
Technical Annex] 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Extraordinary Fund 
Event(s): 
[]  
(Specify whether each Additional Extraordinary Fund Event 
is a Substitution Event or a Termination Event)[] 
 
(vi) 
Basket Trigger 
Level: 
[]/[As per Condition 25][]  
(Specify whether each Additional Extraordinary Fund Event 
is a Substitution Event or a Termination Event) 
 
(vii) 
Scheduled 
redemption Payment 
Date: 
[] 
 
(viii) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. 
[The Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply.] 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
(only applicable if Modified Postponement is applicable as an 
Averaging election) 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to: 
[]/[eight]] 
 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to eight) 
                                                     
16Specify each ETF (if any).

--- Page 90 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
90 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Coupon Valuation 
Date(s): 
[][]/[As per Condition 25] 
 
(x) 
Valuation Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable] (only applicable to ETFs)[] 
 
(xi) 
Valuation Time: 
[]/[Not Applicable] (only applicable to ETFs)[]/[Not 
Applicable] (only applicable to ETFs) 
 
(xii) 
Consequences of 
Extraordinary Fund 
Event: 
[specify]/[As per Condition 25][]/[Not Applicable] (only 
applicable to ETFs) 
 
(xiii) 
Termination 
Amounts: 
[Delta-1 
Termination 
Amount]/[Principal 
Protected 
Termination Amount]/[Non-Principal Protected Termination 
Amount]/[specify]/[Not 
Applicable][specify]/[As 
per 
Condition 25] 
 
(xiv) 
Delta-1 Termination 
Amount: 
[]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Delta-1 
Termination 
Amount]/[Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount]/[Non-Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount]/[specify]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Portfolio: 
[]/[Not Applicable] []/[Not Applicable]  
 
(xvi) 
Protected Amount: 
[] 
 
(xvii) Simple Interest 
Spread: 
[][]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(xviii) Termination Date: 
[][] 
 
(xix) 
Delayed 
Redemption on 
Occurrence of 
Extraordinary Fund 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable][] 
 
(xx) 
Delayed Payment 
Cut-Off Date: 
[specify]/[As 
per 
Condition 
25][Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(xxi) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/" less than"/"less than or equal to" Knock-in Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a Disrupted 
Day, [Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.]

--- Page 91 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
91 
 
 
 
(A) 
Knock-in 
Price: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-in 
Determinati
on Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-in 
Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-in 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xxii) Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" Knock-out Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-out 
Price: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-out 
Determinati
on Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-out 
Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-out 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-out 
Determination Day.]/[]

--- Page 92 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
92 
 
 
 
(xxiii) Automatic Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] the Automatic 
Early Redemption Level] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(B) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify] 
 
(C) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Price: 
[specify] 
 
(D) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[specify] 
 
(E) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(e) 
Inflation Linked 
Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index/Indices: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Screen 
Page/Exchange 
Code: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Formula to be used 
to determine the 
principal due: 
[Reverse Convertible with European Barrier] / [Reverse 
Convertible with American Barrier] / [Autocall with 
[European/American] Barrier] / [Generic Reverse with 
European Barrier]/ [Generic Short Call Spread] / [Lock-In] /  
[Callable Stability] / [Call] / [Bonus Certificate with 
[European/American] Barrier] / [Shark] / [Himalaya] / 
[Ladder Call Spread] / [Mountain Range] / [Parachute A] / 
[Parachute B] / [Dispersion]:

--- Page 93 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
93 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions (to determine the principal due) from the 
Technical Annex] 
 
(iv) 
Related Bond 
[[]/Fall Back Bond]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Index Sponsor: 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply.] 
 
(viii) 
Specified Maximum 
days of Disruption: 
[]/[eight] 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to eight) 
 
(ix) 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not Applicable].] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date/[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
(x) 
Observation 
Period(s): 
[specify/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Related Bond 
Redemption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Deduction of 
unwinding and 
amendment of 
underlying hedging 
arrangements Costs 
(for the purposes of 
Index Cancellation 
and Change in 
Law): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/" less than"/"less than or equal to" Knock-in Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.]

--- Page 94 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
94 
 
 
 
(A) 
Knock-in 
Price: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-in 
Determinati
on Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-in 
Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-in 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xiv) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" Knock-out Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-out 
Price: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-out 
Determinati
on Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-out 
Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-out 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-out 
Determination Day.]/[]

--- Page 95 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
95 
 
 
 
(xv) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] the Automatic 
Early Redemption Level] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(B) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify] 
 
(C) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Level: 
[specify] 
 
(D) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[specify] 
 
(E) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(f) 
Currency Linked 
Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Exchange Rate(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Screen page: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply.] 
 
(iv) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
[●]

--- Page 96 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
96 
 
 
 
(v) 
Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption: 
[]/[eight] 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to eight) 
 
(vi) 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not Applicable].] [In 
the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted Date 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
(viii) 
Observation 
Period(s): 
[specify/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Settlement Rate: 
[●] 
 
(x) 
Formula to be used 
to determine the 
principal due: 
[Reverse Convertible with European Barrier] / [Reverse 
Convertible with American Barrier] / [Autocall with 
[European/American] Barrier] / [Generic Reverse with 
European Barrier]/ [Generic Short Call Spread] / [Lock-In] /  
[Callable Stability] / [Call] / [Bonus Certificate with 
[European/American] Barrier] / [Shark] / [Himalaya] / 
[Ladder Call Spread] / [Mountain Range] / [Parachute A] / 
[Parachute B] / [Dispersion]: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions (to determine the principal due) from the 
Technical Annex] 
 
(xi) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable / specify /["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" the Knock-in Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-in 
Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-in 
Determinati
on Day(s): 
[Specify / Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-in 
Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify]

--- Page 97 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
97 
 
 
 
(D) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-in 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xii) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable / specify /["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" the Knock-out Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-out 
Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-out 
Determinati
on Day(s): 
[Specify / Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-out 
Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-out 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xiii) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] the Automatic 
Early Redemption Level] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify]

--- Page 98 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
98 
 
 
 
(B) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify] 
 
(C) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Level: 
[specify] 
 
(D) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[specify] 
 
(E) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(g) 
Commodity Linked 
Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Commodity/Commo
dities/Commodity 
Index: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not Applicable].] [In 
the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date/[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
(iii) 
Observation 
Period(s): 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
(v) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply.] 
 
(vi) 
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] []. 
 
(vii) 
Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption: 
[]/[two]

--- Page 99 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
99 
 
 
 
 
(if no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to two) 
(applicable only to Price Source Disruption or Trading 
Disruption) 
 
(viii) 
Disruption 
Fallback(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Delayed 
Redemption on 
Occurrence of 
Market Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Deadline for 
publication of 
correction of 
Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[]/[As per Condition 24] 
 
 
(xi) 
Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[] 
the Price Source is/are: [] 
 
(xii) 
Formula to be used 
to determine the 
principal due: 
[Reverse Convertible with European Barrier] / [Reverse 
Convertible with American Barrier] / [Autocall with 
[European/American] Barrier] / [Generic Reverse with 
European Barrier]/ [Generic Short Call Spread] / [Lock-In] /  
[Callable Stability] / [Call] / [Bonus Certificate with 
[European/American] Barrier] / [Shark] / [Himalaya] / 
[Ladder Call Spread] / [Mountain Range] / [Parachute A] / 
[Parachute B] / [Dispersion]: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions (to determine the principal due) from the 
Technical Annex] 
 
(xiii) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable / specify /["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" the Knock-in 
Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-in 
Level: 
[Specify]

--- Page 100 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
100 
 
 
 
(B) 
Knock-in 
Determinati
on Day(s): 
[Specify / Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-in 
Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-in 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xiv) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable / specify /["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" the Knock-out 
Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-out 
Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-out 
Determinati
on Day(s): 
[Specify / Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-out 
Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-out 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xv) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] the Automatic Early 
Redemption Level]

--- Page 101 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
101 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(B) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify] 
 
(C) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Price: 
[specify] 
 
(D) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[specify] 
 
(E) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(h) 
Bond Linked Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Type 
of 
Bond 
Linked Notes 
[Single Bond Linked Notes] [Basket Bond Linked Notes] 
 
(ii) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Scheduled Maturity 
Date: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
First Bond Event 
Occurrence Date: 
[] 
 
(v) 
Bond(s): 
[If Single Bond Linked Notes] 
 
Bond 
Issuer 
Bond ISIN 
Code 
Bond 
Currency 
Bond 
Notional 
Amount 
Maturity 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[]

--- Page 102 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
102 
 
 
 
 
[If Basket Bond Linked Notes] 
Reference Portfolio 
Bond 
Issuer 
Bond 
ISIN 
Code 
Bond 
Weighting 
Bond 
Currency 
Bond 
Notional 
Amount 
Maturity 
Reference 
Price 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Bond Currency: 
[For Single Bond Linked Notes : Currency described in 
paragraph “Bond(s)” above] 
[For Basket Bond Linked Notes: The Bond Currency 
described in respect of the Bonds comprised in the Reference 
Portfolio as described in paragraph “Bond(s)” above] 
 
(vii) 
Bond 
Notional 
Amount: 
[For Single Bond Linked Notes: On the Issue Date, the Bond 
Notional Amount in the Bond Currency, each as described in 
paragraph “Bond(s)” above and thereafter as modified in 
accordance with the definition of “Bond Notional Amount” 
in the Additional provisions applicable to Bond Linked 
Notes.] 
[For Basket Bond Linked Notes: On the Issue Date, the Bond 
Notional Amount in the Bond Currency described in respect 
of the Bonds comprised in the Reference Portfolio, all as 
described in paragraph “Bond(s)” above and thereafter as 
modified in accordance with the definition of “Bond Notional 
Amount” in the Additional provisions applicable to Bond 
Linked Notes] 
 
(viii) 
Bond Events: 
[If Single Bond Linked Notes: The Bond Event(s) as specified 
below] [If Basket Bond Linked Notes: For each Bond 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio, the Bond Event(s) 
specified below:] 
 
 
[Bond Acceleration] 
 
 
[Bond Default] 
 
 
[Bond Early Redemption] 
 
 
[Bond Governmental Intervention] 
 
 
[Bond Issuer ISDA Event] 
 
 
[Bond Restructuring] 
 
 
[Bond Failure to Pay]

--- Page 103 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
103 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Formula to be used 
to 
determine 
the 
principal due: 
[Bond Linked Notes Redeemed at Maturity/Guaranteed Bond 
Linked Notes/Basket Bond Linked Notes] 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions (to determine the principal due) from the 
Technical Annex] 
 
(x) 
Terms relating to 
Settlement: 
 
 
(a) 
Bond Final 
Value: 
[Fixed Recovery: [Insert the percentage] per cent.] 
[Floating Recovery: For each Bond, the percentage 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(i) 
the Bond Final Price; 
(ii) 
plus, if any, any partial or total repayment in cash of 
the Bond which would have been paid to the holders 
of the Bond under the Bond as of the Bond Final 
Value Determination Date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage of the 
Bond Notional Amount; 
(iii) 
plus, if any, the price (expressed as a percentage of 
the Bond Notional Amount), calculated using a 
method similar to that to determine the Bond Final 
Price, of any securities which would have been 
delivered to the holders of the Bond under the Bond 
as of the Bond Final Value Determination Date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iv) 
minus the Valuation Hedging Cost; 
(v) 
minus any amount due and payable under the Bond 
in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Bond as in force and effect as of the Issue Date 
(expressed as a percentage of the Bond Notional 
Amount) which is still unpaid at the Bond Final 
Value Determination Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
[The Bond Final Value is subject to a minimum of zero per 
cent. and to a maximum of 100 per cent.] [The Bond Final 
Value is subject to a minimum of zero per cent. and may be 
higher than one hundred per cent. (100%).] 
 
(b) 
Auction 
Period 
for 
the 
purposes of 
the 
Bond 
Final Price 
[Specify number] consecutive Business Days (as defined in 
paragraph (xiv) below)

--- Page 104 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
104 
 
 
determinati
on: 
 
(c) 
Bond Final 
Price 
Accrued 
Interest: 
[In the case of Fixed Recovery: Not Applicable] [In the case 
of Floating Recovery: [Excluding Accrued Interest] 
[Including Accrued Interest]] 
 
(d) 
Breakage 
Cost 
Amount: 
[Not Applicable: the Breakage Cost Amount will be equal to 
zero] [Applicable: means an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent expressed in the Specified Currency of the 
Notes using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the relevant 
calculation date(s), as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
equal to the fees, costs and expenses arising directly or 
indirectly, in connection with (i) terminating, unwinding, 
realizing or enforcing any repurchase transaction (if any) with 
the Bond as underlying asset, the purpose of which is to 
refinance the relevant Bond and (ii) entering into, trading or 
increasing any repurchase transaction (or any transaction with 
similar purposes) with the Collateral Assets as underlying 
asset, the purpose of which is to refinance the Collateral 
Assets. For the avoidance of doubt, the Breakage Cost 
Amount may be a positive amount (if to be received by the 
issuer or any of its Affiliates) or a negative amount (if to be 
paid by the Issuer or any of its Affiliates)] 
 
(e) 
Relevant 
Proportion: 
[Specify as per Condition 26.2] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Provisions relating 
to 
Basket 
Bond 
Linked Notes [If (xi) 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete the remaining 
subparagraphs] 
[Specify as per Condition 26.2] 
 
(a) 
Aggregate 
Loss 
Amount: 
[Specify as per Condition 26.2] 
 
(b) 
Loss 
Amount: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 26.2] 
 
(c) 
Reference 
Portfolio 
Notional 
Amount: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 26.2] [For each Bond 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio: the percentage 
specified as such in paragraph “Bond(s)” below] 
 
(d) 
Reference 
Price: 
[]

--- Page 105 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
105 
 
 
 
(e) 
Bond 
Weighting: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 26.2] [For each Bond 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio: the proportion 
specified as such in paragraph “Bond(s)” below] 
 
(f) 
Interest 
Recovery 
Rate: 
[Fixed interest Recovery with an Interest Recovery Rate of 
[Insert the percentage] per cent.] [Floating Interest Recovery] 
[Not Applicable. The Notes do not bear interest.] [Not 
Applicable. The sub-paragraph “Accrual of Interest upon 
Bond Event” is specified as “Guaranteed Coupon”] 
 
(xii) 
Accrual of Interest 
upon Bond Event: 
[No Accrued Interest upon Bond Event] [Accrued Interest 
upon Bond Event] [Guaranteed Coupon] [If no coupon: Not 
relevant. The Notes do not bear interest] 
 
(xiii) 
Notice of Publicly 
Available 
Information: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Business Days (for 
the purposes of the 
Additional 
provisions 
applicable to Bond 
Linked Notes): 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 26.2] 
 
(xv) 
Default 
Requirement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Specify] 
(If not specified, Default Requirement will be USD 
10,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event). 
 
(xvi) 
Other 
applicable 
options as per the 
Additional 
provisions 
applicable to Bond 
Linked Notes: 
[Not Applicable] [Specify the source of Publicly Available 
Information which must be used when the Public Source is 
different from the sources specified in the Additional 
provisions applicable to Bond Linked Notes] [Specify the 
Specified Number if such number is different from the 
Specified Number anticipated in the Additional provisions 
applicable to Bond Linked Notes] [Specify the number of 
Business Days which must be used in relation to the definition 
of First Quotation Day if such number is different from the 
number anticipated in the Additional provisions applicable to 
Bond Linked Notes] 
 
(xvii) Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/[“greater than”/”greater than or 
equal to”/”less than”/less than or equal to” Knock-in Level]] 
(If not applicable, deleted the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 106 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
106 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-in 
Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-in 
Determinati
on Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-in 
Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-in 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.] [] 
 
(xviii) Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/[“greater than”/”greater than or 
equal to”/”less than”/less than or equal to” Knock-out Level]] 
(If not applicable, deleted the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-out 
Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-out 
Determinati
on Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-out 
Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify]

--- Page 107 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
107 
 
 
 
(E) 
Knock-out 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-out 
Determination Day.] [] 
 
(i) 
Rate Linked Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Manner in which the 
Underlying Rate is 
to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/FBF 
Determination] 
 
(ii) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this sub-paragraph 36(i)(ii)) 
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[The financial centre most closely connected to the Reference 
Rate] 
 
- Reference Rate(s): 
[specify relevant rate(s)] 
 
- Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
ISDA 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this sub-paragraph 36(i)(iii)) 
 
- Floating Rate 
Option: 
[specify] 
 
- Designated 
Maturity: 
[specify] 
 
- Reset Date: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this sub-paragraph 36(i)(iv)) 
 
- Floating Rate: 
[] 
 
- FBF Definitions: 
(if different from 
[]

--- Page 108 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
108 
 
 
those set out in the 
Conditions): 
 
(v) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply.] 
 
(vi) 
Observation Date(s): [The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not Applicable].] [In the 
event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted Date 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply.] 
 
(vii) 
Observation 
Period(s): 
[specify/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Rate Determination 
Date(s) 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
(x) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
[] 
 
(xi) 
Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption: 
[]/[eight] 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to eight) 
 
(xii) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
(xiii) 
Valuation Date: 
[] 
 
(xiv) 
Formula to be used 
to 
determine 
the 
principal due: 
[Reverse Convertible with European Barrier] / [Reverse 
Convertible with American Barrier] / [Autocall with 
[European/American] Barrier] / [Generic Reverse with 
European Barrier]/ [Generic Short Call Spread] / [Lock-In] /  
[Callable Stability] / [Call] / [Bonus Certificate with 
[European/American] Barrier] / [Shark] / [Himalaya] / 
[Ladder Call Spread] / [Mountain Range] / [Parachute A] / 
[Parachute B] / [Dispersion]: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions (to determine the principal due) from the 
Technical Annex]

--- Page 109 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
109 
 
 
 
(xv) 
- Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable / specify /["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" the Knock-in 
Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 36(i)(xv)) 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-in 
Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-in 
Determinati
on Day(s): 
[Specify / Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-in 
Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-in 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xvi) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable / specify /["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" the Knock-out Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this sub-paragraph 36(i)(xvi)) 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-out 
Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-out 
Determinati
on Day(s): 
[Specify / Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-out 
Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-out 
Period 
[Not Applicable / specify]

--- Page 110 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
110 
 
 
Beginning 
Date: 
 
(D) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-out 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xvii) Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] the Automatic 
Early Redemption Level] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 36(i)(xvii)) 
 
(A) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(B) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify] 
 
(C) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Level: 
[specify] 
 
(D) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[specify] 
 
(E) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(j) 
Future Linked Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Future/Basket 
of 
Futures: 
[] 
 
 
(Specify Weighting for Basket of Futures)

--- Page 111 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
111 
 
 
 
(b) 
Formula to be used 
to 
determine 
the 
principal due: 
[Reverse Convertible with European Barrier] / [Reverse 
Convertible with American Barrier] / [Autocall with 
[European/American] Barrier] / [Generic Reverse with 
European Barrier]/ [Generic Short Call Spread] / [Lock-In] /  
[Callable Stability] / [Call] / [Bonus Certificate with 
[European/American] Barrier] / [Shark] / [Himalaya] / 
[Ladder Call Spread] / [Mountain Range] / [Parachute A] / 
[Parachute B] / [Dispersion]: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions (to determine the principal due) from the 
Technical Annex] 
 
(c) 
Roll Adjustment 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Expiry Date: 
[] 
 
(e) 
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] []. 
 
(f) 
Active 
Future 
Contract: 
[] 
 
(g) 
Next Active Future 
Contract: 
[] 
 
(h) 
Initial 
Quantity 
Factor: 
[]/[As per Condition 28.7] 
 
(i) 
Quantity 
Adjustment 
Factor: 
[Option Fixing Roll][Option TWAP Roll][As per Condition 
28.7]/[] 
 
(j) 
Rolling Cost: 
[]/[As per Condition 28.7] 
 
(k) 
Rolling Date(s): 
[]/[As per Condition 28.7] 
 
(l) 
Rolling Time: 
[]/[As per Condition 28.7] 
 
(m) 
AFC 
Commence
ment Date: 
[] 
 
(n) 
AFC End Date: 
[] 
 
(o) 
AFC_TWAPStartTi
me:  
[] 
 
(p) 
AFC_TWAPEndTi
me:  
[] 
 
(q) 
NAFC 
Commence
ment Date: 
[]

--- Page 112 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
112 
 
 
 
(r) 
NAFC End Date: 
[] 
 
(s) 
NAFC_TWAPStart
Time:  
[] 
 
(t) 
NAFC_TWAPEndT
ime:  
[] 
 
(u) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
(v) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[] 
 
(w) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
[Single Future Basis/All Future Basis/Per Future Basis/As per 
Condition 28.7] 
 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
 
(x) 
Exchange Business 
Day: 
[Single Future Basis/All Future Basis/Per Future Basis/As per 
Condition 28.7] 
 
(y) 
Additional 
Disruption Events: 
[Applicable in accordance with Condition 28.3]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes: 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]  
 
 
[The Trade Date is []. 
 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Change of Law and/or Increased Cost 
of Hedging is applicable)] 
 
(z) 
Other Events: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(aa) 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[]/[eight] 
 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to eight) 
 
(bb) 
Payment Extension 
Days: 
[] (If no Payment Extension Days are stated, Payment 
Extension Days will be equal to two (2) Payment Business 
Days) 
 
(cc) 
Observation Date: 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not Applicable].] [In the 
event 
that 
an 
Observation 
Date 
is 
a 
Disrupted

--- Page 113 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
113 
 
 
Date/[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
(dd) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply.] 
 
(ee) 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
(ff) 
Knock-in Event:  
[Not Applicable / specify /["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" the Knock-in 
Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-in 
Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-in 
Determinati
on Day(s): 
[Specify / Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-in 
Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-in 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(gg) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable / specify /["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" the Knock-out 
Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.]

--- Page 114 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
114 
 
 
 
(A) 
Knock-out 
Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-out 
Determinati
on Day(s): 
[Specify / Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-out 
Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-out 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(hh) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] the Automatic Early 
Redemption Price] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(B) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify] 
 
(C) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Price: 
[specify] 
 
(D) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[specify] 
 
(E) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify]

--- Page 115 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
115 
 
 
37.  
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(a) 
Early Redemption 
Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation 
reasons or on Event of 
Default: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] / [Fair Market Value] 
 
(b) 
Early Redemption Unwind 
Costs 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Standard Early Redemption Unwind Costs/insert other] 
38.  
Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
[(a) 
Entitlement in relation to 
each Note: 
Entitlement in relation to each Note is [Specify] 
 
[(b) 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[As specified above]/The relevant asset[s] to which the Notes 
relate [is/are] [specify]. 
 
[(c) 
Settlement Business Day(s): 
[Specify] 
39.  
Variation of Settlement: 
 
 
(a) 
Issuer's option to vary 
settlement 
The Issuer [has/does not have] the option to vary settlement 
in respect of the Notes. 
 
(b) 
Variation of Settlement of 
Physical Delivery Notes: 
[Notwithstanding the fact that the Notes are Physical Delivery 
Notes, the Issuer may make payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Maturity Date and the provisions of Condition 
[5.7(b) of the English Law Notes]/[8.2 of the French Law 
Notes] will apply to the Notes./The Issuer will procure 
delivery of the Entitlement in respect of the Notes and the 
provisions of Condition [5.7(b) of the English Law 
Notes]/[8.2 of the French Law Notes] will not apply to the 
Notes.] 
40.  
Form of Notes: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable for 
definitive Bearer Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes 
on and after the Exchange Date]]

--- Page 116 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
116 
 
 
 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable for 
definitive Bearer Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
[Bearer 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
porteur)/ 
[fully/administered] Registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif [pur/administré])]17 
 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in the "Form 
of the Notes" section in the base Prospectus and the Notes 
themselves. N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time 
options should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: "[€100,000] 
and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including 
[€99,000]." 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any 
issue of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
 
Name and address of Registration 
Agent:18 
[Not Applicable]/[] 
 
New Global Note:19 
[Yes/No] 
41.  
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] (Note that this paragraph 
relates to the place of payment) 
42.  
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts 
to 
be 
attached 
to 
definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, an exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are still to be made / No] 
43.  
Provisions relating to Instalment 
Notes: amount of each instalment, 
date on which each payment is to 
be made: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
[(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[] 
 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[]] 
44.  
Redenomination provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition [3 of the 
English Law Notes]/[5 of the French Law Notes] apply] 
45.  
Any applicable currency 
disruption20: 
[Not Applicable/As per Condition [5.8 of the English Law 
Notes]/[7.6 of the French Law Notes] 
 
 
[Alternate Settlement Currency: []] 
                                                     
17 Insert as applicable where the Notes are French Law Notes. 
18 In relation to French Law Registered Notes only. 
19 You should only elect "yes" opposite "New Global Note" if you have elected "yes" to the Section in Part B under the heading "Operational 
Information" entitled "Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility". 
20 RMB Notes only.

--- Page 117 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
117 
 
 
 
 
[Offshore CNY Centre: []] 
46.  
Masse (Condition 15 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes)21: 
[Issue outside France: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Name and address of the Representative: [] 
Name and address of the alternative Representative: [] 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration./The 
Representative will receive a remuneration of [].]] / 
[As long as the Notes are held by a single Noteholder, and 
unless a Representative has been appointed in relation to such 
Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all the powers, rights 
and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of 
the French Code de commerce. A Representative shall be 
appointed as soon as the Notes of a Series are held by more 
than one Noteholder.] /  
[No Masse shall apply.]22 
47.  
Governing law: 
[English law] / [French law] 
[[] has been extracted from []. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
 _________________________  
Duly authorised 
                                                     
21 Applicable for French Law Notes only. 
22  Contractual representation of Noteholders/No Masse may be elected in respect of any Tranche or Series of Notes which can only be traded in amounts 
of at least EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency at the time of issue).

--- Page 118 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
118 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
[Not Applicable] /  
[[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market, and listing on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange with effect from [         ].]   
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
a specific segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, to which only qualified 
investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access (in which case they shall not be 
offered or sold to non-qualified investors) and listing on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange with effect from [         ].]   
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market, with effect from [       ].] / [specify other 
regulated market] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on a specific segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, to which 
only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access (in which case they 
shall not be offered or sold to non-qualified investors) with effect from [         ].] / [specify other 
regulated market]]  
Regulated markets or third country markets, SME Growth Market or multilateral trading facilities on 
which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, securities of the same class of the Notes to be offered or admitted 
to trading are already admitted to trading: [●] 
2. 
Ratings 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [have been][are expected to be] rated [] by [S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited/Moody's France S.A.S./Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and insert associated 
defined terms]. [Each such credit rating agency is established in the European Union and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the CRA Regulation). As such, each of [the rating 
agencies] is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.]  
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.) 
[[insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [is][are] not established in the United Kingdom and [is][are] 
not registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK CRA Regulation). The rating[s] of the Notes issued by [insert name of relevant EEA 
CRA(s)] [is][are] endorsed by [insert name of relevant UK CRA(s)], in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation and [has][have] not been withdrawn. [insert name of relevant UK CRA(s)] is established 
in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, the rating[s] issued by

--- Page 119 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
119 
 
 
[insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.]23 
3. 
Notification 
[The Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, which is the Luxembourg competent authority 
for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation, [has been requested to provide/has provided - include 
first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the update of the Programme and the 
second alternative for subsequent issues] the competent authorities of Belgium, France, Finland, 
Germany, The Netherlands, Spain, and Sweden with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement(s)] [has]/[have] been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation.]/[Not Applicable] 
4. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
[Not Applicable]/[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the issue or offer of the Notes has an interest material to the issue or offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
5. 
Reasons for the Offer, Estimated Net Proceeds and Total Expenses 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[[]/[Not Applicable]] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.) 
(c) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[] [Include breakdown of expenses] 
 
 
6. 
Fixed Rate Notes only – Yield 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraph of this paragraph) 
Indication of yield: 
[] 
                                                     
23 To be included only in the case of an issue for which placement in the UK is contemplated and the ratings of the notes issued by the EEA CRA are 
to be endorsed by a UK CRA.

--- Page 120 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
120 
 
 
7. 
Floating Rate Notes only – Historic Interest Rates  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR/CMS/€STR/SOFR] rates can be obtained from, [but not] free of 
charge, [Reuters/other, give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of performance].] 
8. 
Notes linked to a benchmark only – Benchmark 
[Not Applicable] /  
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [EURIBOR/CMS][specify the 
applicable benchmark] which is provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), 
as amended (the Benchmarks Regulation). [As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [●] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).] 
9. 
Performance of Index/ Reference Entity/ Credit Index/ Equity/ Exchange Rate/ Commodity/ 
Fund / Interest Rate / Future, Explanation of Effect on Value of Investment and Associated Risks 
and Other Information concerning the Underlying 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the index/reference 
entity/credit index/equity/inflation/exchange rate/commodity/fund/future can be obtained.]  
[Name of the Issuer of the underlying security: 
[] 
ISIN Code of the underlying: 
[] 
Index Name: 
[] 
Underlying Interest Rate: 
[] 
Exercise price or final reference price of the 
underlying: 
[] 
Relevant weightings of each underlying on the 
basket: 
[] 
Source of information relating to the 
[index/indices]:  
[] 
Place where information to the [index/indices] 
can be obtained [but not] free of charge: 
[][give details of electronic means of obtaining 
the details of performance:]

--- Page 121 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
121 
 
 
Expiration/Maturity date of derivative 
securities 
[] 
Exercise date or Final Observation Date 
[]] 
(Where the underlying is not an index need to include equivalent information. Where the underlying 
is a security need to include the name of the issuer of the security and the ISIN or equivalent 
identification number. Where the underlying is a basket of underlying, need to include the relevant 
weightings of each underlying is the basket.) 
10. 
Underlying Disclaimer24 
[For use in connection with credit index and Indices (including Inflation Indices)] 
[Not Applicable] 
[The issue of this series of Notes (in this paragraph, the Transaction) is not sponsored, endorsed, sold, 
or promoted by [NAME OF INDEX] (the Index) or [NAME OF INDEX SPONSOR] (the Index 
Sponsor) and the Index Sponsor [makes any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, 
either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Index and/or the levels at which the Index 
stands at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. No Index or Index Sponsor shall be 
liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Index. No Index Sponsor 
is making any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of 
purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with entering into any Transaction. The Issuer shall not 
have any liability for any act or failure to act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation, 
adjustment or maintenance of the Index. Except as disclosed prior to the Issue Date, neither the Issuer 
nor its affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the Index or Index Sponsor or any control over 
the computation, composition or dissemination of the Index. Although the Calculation Agent will 
obtain information concerning the Index from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not 
independently verify this information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking 
(express or implied) is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its affiliates or the 
Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of information concerning the 
Index.] 
[] 
11. 
Operational Information 
(a) 
ISIN Code: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
[Euroclear France] 25 , Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
                                                     
24 Include for Index Notes (including Inflation Linked Notes). 
25 In relation to French Law Notes only.

--- Page 122 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
122 
 
 
(d) 
Deemed delivery of clearing system 
notices for the purposes of Condition 
[13 of the English Law Notes]/[14 of the 
French Law Notes]: 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been 
given on the [second] [business] day after the 
day on which it was given to [Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] (for English Law 
Notes)/[Euroclear France (for French Law 
Notes)]. 
(e) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment  
(f) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ][Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Banque de Luxembourg]/[Crédit Industriel et 
Commercial]/[other][Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Euro system eligibility26: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] / 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at anytime during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]]27 
12. 
Distribution 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(b) 
If syndicated, names and addresses of 
Managers 
and 
underwriting 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses and 
underwriting commitments] 
                                                     
26 See Part A - "Form of Notes - New Global Note". 
27 Not applicable to French Law Notes.

--- Page 123 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
123 
 
 
commitments/quotas 
(material 
features): 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and addresses of 
the entities agreeing to place the issue without a 
firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if 
such entities are not the same as the Managers.) 
(c) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[                   ] 
(d) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(e) 
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
relevant [Manager]/[Dealer]: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(f) 
Total commission and concession: 
[                   ] per cent. of the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount 
(g) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(h) 
United States Tax Considerations: 
[The Notes are [not] Specified Notes for 
purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986. (Include the following 
wording 
if 
the 
Notes 
are 
Specified 
Notes)[Additional information regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Notes will 
be available from [give name(s) and address(es) 
of Issuer contact].]] / 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, the Issuer 
has not determined whether the Notes are 
Specified Notes for purposes of Section 871(m) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
however, indicatively it considers that they will 
[not] be Specified Notes for these purposes. This 
is indicative information only subject to change 
and if the Issuer’s final determination is different 
then it will give notice of such determination. 
Please contact [name(s) and address(es) of 
Issuer contact] for further information regarding 
the application of Section 871(m) to the 
Notes.]28 (The Notes will not be Specified Notes 
if they (i) are issued prior to 1 January 2025 and 
are not “delta-one” for U.S. tax purposes or (ii) 
do not reference any U.S. equity or any index 
that contains any component U.S. equity or 
otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to 
U.S. equities. If the Notes reference a U.S. equity 
or an index that contains a component U.S. 
equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
                                                     
28 This formulation to be used if the Issuer has not made a determination regarding whether the Notes are Specified Securities as of the date of the Final 
Terms.

--- Page 124 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
124 
 
 
exposure to U.S. equities and (i) are issued prior 
to January 1, 2025 and provide a return that 
does not differ significantly from the return on 
an investment in the underlying, or (ii) are 
issued on or after January 1, 2025, further 
analysis would be required.)] 
(i) 
Non-Exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable (if not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)] 
[An offer of the Notes may be made by the 
Managers 
[, [insert names of financial 
intermediaries 
receiving 
consent 
(specific 
consent)] (the Initial Authorised Offerors)] 
[and any additional financial intermediaries who 
have or obtain the Issuer's consent to use the 
Prospectus in connection with the Non-Exempt 
Offer as an Authorised Offeror] (together, being 
persons to whom the issuer has given consent, 
the Authorised Offerors) other than pursuant to 
Articles 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation in [specify relevant Member State(s) 
among Belgium, Finland, France, Luxembourg, 
Germany, The Netherlands, Spain or Sweden] 
(the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions) during 
the period from [specify date] until [specify date 
or a formula such as "the Issue Date" or "the 
date which falls [] Business Days thereafter"] 
(the Offer Period).    
 
(N.B. 
Consider 
any 
local 
regulatory 
requirements necessary to be fulfilled so as to be 
able to make a non-exempt offer in relevant 
jurisdictions. No such offer should be made in 
any 
relevant 
jurisdiction 
until 
those 
requirements have been met. Non-exempt offers 
may only be made into jurisdictions in which the 
base prospectus (and any supplement) has been 
notified/passported.) 
[Terms and Conditions of the Non-
Exempt Offer] 
 
The time period, including any possible 
amendments, during which the offer 
will be open. A description of the 
application process: 
[] to [] 
(Should be from the date of publication of the 
Final Terms to a specified date or formula such 
as "the Issue Date" or "the date which falls [] 
Business Days hereafter".) 
Total Amount of the securities offered 
to the public/admitted to trading. If the 
amount is not fixed, an indication of 
the maximum amount of the securities 
to be offered (if available) and a 
[insert total amount if fixed][insert a description 
of arrangements for determining the definitive 
amount of the Offer]

--- Page 125 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
125 
 
 
description of the arrangements and 
time for announcing to the public the 
definitive amount of the Offer: 
Offer Price: 
Not Applicable]/[specify: indicate the offer price 
as determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Managers in accordance with the prevailing 
market conditions on or about the Issue Date.] 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Offer of the Notes are conditional on their issue 
[and on any additional conditions set out in the 
standard terms of business of the Financial 
Intermediaries, notified to Investors by such 
Financial Intermediaries]] 
Offer Period: 
See paragraph 12(i) above 
[Description of the application process: 
N/A unless full application process is being 
followed in relation to this issue] 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of the application 
(whether in number of securities or 
aggregate amount to invest):29 
N/A unless full application process is being 
followed in relation to this issue] 
Description of the possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
amounts paid in excess by the 
applicants: 
N/A unless full application process is being 
followed in relation to this issue] 
Details of the method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering the Notes: 
[The Notes will be issued on the Issue Date 
against payment to the Issuer of the net 
subscription moneys. Investors will be notified 
by the relevant Financial Intermediary of their 
allocation 
of 
Notes 
and 
the 
settlement 
arrangement in respect thereof.] 
A full description of the manner and 
date in which results of the offer are to 
be made public: 
[The results of the offer will be disclosed to the 
public in [specify the relevant website(s), 
newspaper(s), 
office(s) 
and/or 
clearing 
system(s)] on [specify date].] 
[Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
and 
subscription rights and treatment of the 
subscription rights not exercised: 
N/A unless full application process is being 
followed in relation to this issue.] 
The various categories of potential 
investors to which the Notes are 
offered: 
[] 
Whether a tranche has been reserved 
[Not Applicable]/[specify: if the offer is being 
                                                     
29 Whether in number of securities or aggregate amount to invest.

--- Page 126 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
126 
 
 
for certain countries, indicate any such 
tranche: 
made simultaneously in the markets of two or 
more countries and if a tranche has been 
reserved for certain of these, indicate any such 
tranche.] 
[Process for notifying to applicants of 
the amount allotted and an indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[Process for notification – N/A unless full 
application process is being followed to the 
issue.] 
 
No dealing in the Notes on a regulated market 
for the purposes of the MiFID Directive 
2014/65/EU may take place prior to the Issue 
Date]  
Indication of the expected price at 
which the securities will be offered. 
[] 
[Indication of the amount of any 
expenses, and taxes charged to the 
subscriber or purchaser 
[           ]] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II and/or 
PRIIPs such that it is required to disclose 
information relating to costs and charges, also 
include that information) 
(j) 
In the case of admission to trading on a 
regulated market, the name and address 
of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in 
secondary trading, providing liquidity 
through bid and offer rates and 
description of the main terms of their 
commitments: 
[] 
(k) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do constitute 
"packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared, “Not Applicable” 
should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(l) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Notes do constitute 
"packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified. If the Notes may constitute

--- Page 127 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
127 
 
 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
13. 
Placing and Underwriting30 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Name and address of the co-
ordinator(s) of the global offer and of 
single parts of the offer: 
 
[]/Not Applicable. 
(b) 
Name and address of any paying agents 
and depository agents in each country 
(in addition to the Principal Paying 
Agent): 
[] 
(c) 
Consent of the Issuer to use the 
Prospectus during the Offer Period:   
[Not Applicable / Applicable with respect to any 
Authorised Offeror specified below] 
(d) 
Authorised Offeror(s) in the various 
countries where the offer takes place: 
[Not Applicable / Name(s) and address(es) of the 
financial intermediary(ies) appointed by the 
Issuer to act as Authorised Offeror(s)/ Any 
financial intermediary which satisfies the 
conditions set out below in item "Conditions 
attached to the consent of the Issuer to use the 
Prospectus"] 
(e) 
Conditions attached to the consent of 
the Issuer to use the Prospectus: 
[Not Applicable / Where the Issuer has given a 
general consent to any financial intermediary to 
use the Prospectus, specify any additional 
conditions to or any condition replacing those 
set out on page [] of the Base Prospectus or 
indicate "See conditions set out in the Base 
Prospectus".] 
(f) 
Entities agreeing to underwrite the issue 
on a firm commitment basis, and entities 
agreeing to place the issue without a 
firm commitment or under "best efforts" 
arrangements:31 
[] 
(g) 
When the underwriting agreement has 
been or will be reached: 
[] 
 
                                                     
30 Required for derivative securities. 
31 Where not all of the issue is underwritten, a statement of the portion not covered.

--- Page 128 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
128 
 
 
ANNEX 1 
SUMMARY 
(ISSUER TO ANNEX SUMMARY TO THE FINAL TERMS HAVING COMPLETED THE RELEVANT 
ELEMENTS (I.E. [] TO [] IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE SPECIFIC CONDITIONS OF THE 
NOTES)

--- Page 129 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
129 
 
 
ANNEX 2 
ANNEX FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
(Insert the following table if “Type of Notes” is “Credit Linked” and there is more than one Reference Entity, 
and add as many lines as necessary) 
 
Reference Entities* 
Reference Obligation 
Transaction Type 
[[] or any Successor 
thereto] 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable: [Seniority Level: 
Senior Level / Subordinated Level 
/ As set out in the Conditions] / 
Not applicable: specify the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation] 
[specify] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
 
* If the Reference Entity or Reference Obligation comprises of a single entity or obligation, or in the case of a pool of underlying where a single 
reference entity or reference obligation represents 20 % or more of the pool, so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain from information 
published by the Reference Entity (or the issuer of the Reference Obligation), please also add ISIN, address, country of incorporation, industry or 
industries in which the Reference Entity (or the Issuer of the Reference Obligation) operates and the name of the market in which its securities are 
admitted. In the case of a pool of underlying where a single reference entity or reference obligation represents less than 20 % of the pool, please include 
names of the reference entities or issuers of the Reference Obligation and the ISIN.

--- Page 130 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
130 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF €100,000 OR MORE 
(OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY OTHER CURRENCY) 
 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which have a 
denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) issued under the Programme 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
[Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 131 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
131 
 
 
32[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 
5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
OR 
 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined 
in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - 
investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable].]] 
 
33[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 
5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail 
                                                     
32 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the 
UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included.  
33 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the 
UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included.

--- Page 132 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
132 
 
 
clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure 
execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable]. [Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]]34 
 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified 
or amended from time to time (the SFA) - In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the 
Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the 
CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]35 
Final Terms dated [] 
[add logo if listed] 
CRÉDIT INDUSTRIEL ET COMMERCIAL 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): N4JDFKKH2FTD8RKFXO39 
€ 15,000,000,000 
Structured Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(the Programme) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the Programme 
[The Notes will only be admitted to trading on the professional segment of the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a specific segment of an EEA regulated market (as defined in MiFID 
II), to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and shall not 
be offered or sold to non-qualified investors.] 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth under the section entitled ["Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes"] / ["Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes"] and the section entitled "Technical Annex" in the Base Prospectus dated 
21 June 2023 [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated []] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
Prospectus Regulation). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus 
                                                     
34 Please note that non-exempt offers in the UK require a FCA approval. Since the Base Prospectus is not approved by the FCA, an approval of this 
document or a drawdown prospectus approved by the FCA should be required before any sales to UK retail investors on a non-exempt basis. 
35 To be included if Notes are offered in Singapore and if the product classification is different from that specified on the cover page of the Base 
Prospectus

--- Page 133 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
133 
 
 
in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been and the Final Terms will be 
published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website www.luxse.com and on the Issuer’s websites 
https://www.cic.fr/fr/banques/institutionnel/actionnaires-et-investisseurs/programmes-d-emissions.html and 
https://www.cic-marketsolutions.eu/fr/kidemtncic.aspx.] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth under the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" in the Base Prospectus 
dated [18 January 2013/25 September 2013/24 September 2014/2 July 2015/28 June 2016/22 June 2017/28 
June 2018/26 June 2019/24 June 2020/21 June 2021/21 June 2022] which is incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus dated 21 June 2023. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Regulation (UE) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation) and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 21 June 2023 [and the Supplement[s] to the Base 
Prospectus dated []], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been and the Final Terms will be 
published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website www.luxse.com and on the Issuer’s websites 
https://www.cic.fr/fr/banques/institutionnel/actionnaires-et-investisseurs/programmes-d-emissions.html and 
https://www.cic-marketsolutions.eu/fr/kidemtncic.aspx.] 
[In respect of any tranche of Notes issued in Singapore Dollars with a denomination of less than S$200,000, 
the following information is provided pursuant to Regulation 6 of the Banking Regulations made under the 
Banking Act 1970 of Singapore: 
 
(c) 
the place of booking of the Notes is [●]; 
(d) 
the branch or office of the Issuer at which the tranche of the Notes is booked is not subject to regulation 
or supervision in Singapore; 
(c)  
the tranche of Notes is [not secured by any means] OR [secured by [please describe the nature of the 
security, the name of the mortgagor, chargor or guarantor and whether such person is regulated 
by the Monetary Authority of Singapore]].] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
[must/may need to] be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency] 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph [] below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 134 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
134 
 
 
2.  
Specified Currency36: 
[] 
3.  
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[] 
4.  
Issue Price of Tranche: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only if applicable)] 
5.  
(a) 
Specified Denomination(s) 
[] 
(In respect of French Law Notes, there shall be one 
denomination only.) 
 
 
(NB: Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
EUR100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[]  
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
(b) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(c) 
Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
[] 
7.  
Maturity Date: 
[If Fixed Rate, specify date – If Floating Rate: Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify date]] 
8.  
Type of Notes: 
[Fixed 
Rate/Floating 
Rate/Fixed 
to 
Floating 
Rate/Fixed to Structured Rate/Floating-to-Structured 
Rate/Zero Coupon/Zero Coupon to Structured 
Rate/Credit 
Linked/Index 
Linked/Equity 
Linked/Inflation 
Linked/ 
Currency 
Linked/Commodity 
Linked/Fund 
Linked/Bond 
Linked/Rate Linked/Future Linked/Combined] 
9.  
Supplementary Provisions: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, please insert the relevant Redemption 
Basis that applies upon redemption prior to the 
Maturity Date, as determined in accordance with the 
Supplementary Provisions) 
                                                     
36 Please note that with respect to domestic issues of French Law Notes settled from an Issuer account situated in France, payment relating to French 
Law Notes shall be made in euros (in accordance with Article 1343-3 of the French Code Civil).

--- Page 135 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
135 
 
 
 
(a) 
Redemption Basis 
[Fair Market Value]37 [Highest Value]38[Monetisation 
Amount]39 
10.  
Interest Basis: 
[Fixed Rate Coupon equal to [] per cent. Fixed Rate per 
annum/[] per cent. of Specified Denomination ]/ 
[Floating 
Rate 
Coupon 
equal 
to 
EURIBOR/CMS/CPTFEMU/€STR/SOFR] +/- [] per 
cent. per annum]/  
[Fixed to Floating Coupon: Fixed Rate Coupon equal to 
[] per cent. Fixed Rate per annum/[] per cent. of 
Specified Denomination/ Floating Rate Coupon equal to 
[EURIBOR/CMS/CPTFEMU/€STR/SOFR] +/- [] per 
cent. per annum] 
[Zero Coupon]/  
[Floating to Structured Coupon: [Floating Rate Coupon 
equal to EURIBOR/CMS/CPTFEMU/€STR/SOFR] +/- 
[] per cent. per annum] to [[Participative 
Coupon]/[Internal Rate of Return Coupon]] / 
[Fixed to Structured Coupon: [Fixed Rate Coupon equal 
to [] per cent. Fixed Rate per annum/[] per cent. of 
Specified 
Denomination] 
to 
[[Participative 
Coupon]/[Internal Rate of Return Coupon]] / 
[Zero Coupon to Structured Coupon: Zero Coupon to 
[[Participative Coupon]/[Internal Rate of Return 
Coupon]] / 
[Combined Coupon: (specify)]/ 
[Participative Coupon]/ 
[Internal Rate of Return Coupon]/ 
[Not Applicable: The Notes do not bear any interest] 
 
 
(see paragraph[s] [15] [16] [17] [18] [19] [20] [21] [22] 
[23] [24] [25] [26] [27] below) 
                                                     
37 For structured notes without capital protection only. 
38 For structured notes with capital protection only or for non structured notes that pay out a fixed amount at maturity. 
39 For structured notes with capital protection only.

--- Page 136 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
136 
 
 
11.  
Redemption/[Payment Basis]: 
[Redemption at a fixed level: Subject to any purchase 
and cancellation or early redemption, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [at least 100] per 
cent. of their nominal amount.] 
[Credit Linked Redemption] 
[Index Linked Redemption]   
[Equity Linked Redemption] 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
[Currency Linked Redemption] 
[Commodity Linked Redemption] 
[Fund Linked Redemption] 
[Bond Linked Redemption] 
[Rate Linked Redemption] 
[Future Linked Redemption]  
 
 
 
12.  
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of Notes 
into 
another 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
cross 
refer 
paragraphs [15] and [16] below if details are 
included there]] /[Not Applicable] 
13.  
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(see paragraph[s] [32] [and] [33] below)] 
14.  
Date of Board approval for issuance of 
the Notes: 
The issue of the Notes has been authorised by a 
resolution of the Issuer's Conseil d'Administration 
(Board of Directors) dated []  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE  
15.  
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[Subject to the provisions of item [18] [19] [20] [21] 
[22] [23] [24] [25] [26] [27]] 
 
 
(insert in the case of Index Linked, Credit Linked, 
Equity Linked, Inflation Linked, Currency Linked, 
Commodity Linked, Fund Linked, Bond Linked, Rate 
Linked Notes or Future Linked Notes which bear 
interest) 
 
(a) 
Fixed Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in [arrear/advance] on 
each Interest Payment Date

--- Page 137 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
137 
 
 
[] per cent. of Specified Denomination payable in 
[arrear/advance] on each Interest Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[insert date] up to and including the Maturity 
Date]/[]  
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount/[] 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] []]/ [Not applicable] 
 
 
[Insert particulars of any Initial or Final Broken 
Amounts of interest which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s)] 
 
(e) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[] [in each year]]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual / 
Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in 
the case of a long or short first or last coupon) 
 
(f) 
[Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent)40 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
16.  
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[Subject to the provisions of item [18] [19] [20] [21] 
[22] [23] [24] [25] [26] [27]] 
 
 
(insert in the case of Index Linked, Credit Linked, 
Equity Linked, Inflation Linked, Currency Linked, 
Commodity Linked, Fund Linked, Bond Linked, Rate 
Linked or Future Linked Notes which bear interest) 
 
(a) 
Interest Period(s): 
[insert period(s)] 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[insert date(s)]  
 
(c) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/FBF 
Determination] 
 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
                                                     
40 RMB Rate Calculation Agent must be specified for RMB Notes.

--- Page 138 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
138 
 
 
Amount (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
Reference Rate and 
Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
Reference Rate [              ] month 
[EURIBOR/CMS//€STR/SOFR 
(inflation) CPTFEMU [x Leverage]]. 
[London/Brussels/specify other Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[]/[[U.S. Government Securities Business Day(s) (if 
SOFR)] prior to [the first day in each Interest 
Period/each Interest Payment Date]] 
 
 
 
 
Specified Time: 
[] (which will be 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case 
of EURIBOR) 
 
 
[Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
[In the case of €STR or SOFR, delete this paragraph]] 
 
 
[SOFR Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)  
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout Compound 
/ SOFR Lookback Compound / SOFR Shift 
Compound / SOFR Index Average]] 
 
 
[SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)  
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in relation to the relevant Interest Period.] 
 
 
[Observation Shift 
Days: 
[●] (only applicable in the case of SOFR)] 
 
 
Leverage: 
 
Observation Look-Back 
Period: 
[] 
[] (only applicable in the case of €STR or SOFR) / 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[SOFR IndexStart: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)] (Only applicable in the case of SOFR 
Index Average)]

--- Page 139 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
139 
 
 
 
 
[SOFR IndexEnd: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)] (Only applicable in the case of SOFR 
Index Average)] 
 
(f) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[][x Leverage] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day 
of the Interest Period) 
 
 
Leverage: 
[] 
 
(g) 
FBF Determination: 
 
 
 
Floating Rate: 
[] 
 
 
Floating Rate 
Determination Date: 
[] 
 
 
FBF Definitions: (if 
different from those set 
out in the Conditions): 
[] 
 
 
[Leverage: 
[]] 
 
(h) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
 
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum [if the Floating Rate + Margin 
is [lower than/greater than or equal to][] per cent. per 
annum][specify other applicable condition from the 
Technical Annex if any] / Not Applicable] 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
 
(j) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum [specify applicable condition 
from the Technical Annex if any] / Not Applicable] 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
17.  
Zero Coupon Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum

--- Page 140 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
140 
 
 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
 
 
(Consider applicable Day Count Fraction if euro 
denominated) 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[Actual/365] 
18.  
Index Linked Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable](If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Index/Indices: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Screen Page: 
[Specify if applicable, or give the sources of 
observation for each index] 
 
(c) 
Component Transactions: 
[] 
 
(d) 
Formula to be used to determine 
the Index Linked Interest 
Amount: 
[Fixed Rate / Floating Rate / Fixed to Structured Rate/ 
Floating to Structured Rate/ Zero Coupon to 
Structured Rate/ Combined / Participative Coupon / 
Internal Rate of Return Coupon] 
[Insert Formula, Terms of Payment, relevant value(s) 
and other related provisions from the Technical Annex 
to determine the coupon due] 
 
(e) 
Valuation Method: 
The Valuation Method shall be [insert calculation 
method]/[As set out in the Conditions] 
 
 
N/B: If as set out in the conditions, specify: 
[Highest]/[Average Highest]/[Market Value]/[NA]  
 
(f) 
Quotation Method: 
The Quotation Method shall be [Bid] / [Mid] / [Ask] / 
[NA] 
 
(g) 
Quotation Amount: 
The Quotation Amount shall be []/[As set out in the 
Conditions] /[NA] 
 
(h) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. 
 
 
[The Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
(only applicable if Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election)

--- Page 141 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
141 
 
 
 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: []/[eight]] 
 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
 
(i) 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not Applicable].] [In 
the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day/[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply.] 
 
(j) 
Observation Period(s): 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[] 
 
(l) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[]/[As per Condition 20] 
 
(m) 
Exchange(s) and Index Sponsor: 
(A) 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [] and 
 
 
(B) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is []. 
 
(n) 
Related Exchange: 
[Specify/Each exchange or quotation system on which 
option contracts or futures contracts relating such 
Index is traded] 
 
(o) 
Relevant Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the Valuation 
Date/during the Observation Period].] [The relevant 
time is [], being the time specified on the Valuation 
Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the Settlement Price.] (N.B. if no 
Relevant Time is specified, the Valuation Time will be 
the Scheduled Closing Time). 
19.  
Credit Linked Notes Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Interest payment condition: 
[Conditional upon the [occurrence/non-occurrence] of 
a Credit Event on the [Reference Entity(ies)/Reference 
Obligation(s)] during the Reference Period]/[Not 
Applicable]  
 
(b) 
Formula to be used to determine 
the Credit Linked Interest 
Amount: 
[Fixed Rate / Floating Rate / Fixed to Floating Rate / 
Fixed to Structured Rate / Floating to Structured Rate 
/ Zero Coupon to Structured Rate / Combined / 
Participative Coupon / Internal Rate of Return 
Coupon] 
[Insert Formula, Terms of Payment, relevant value(s) 
and other related provisions from the Technical Annex 
to determine the coupon due]

--- Page 142 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
142 
 
 
 
(c) 
Reference Period: 
The period commencing at or after 12.01 a.m., 
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) on (and including) 
[specify date] and ending at or prior to 11.59 p.m., 
GMT on (and including, subject as provided below) 
the Scheduled Termination Date. [if other period 
applicable, delete previous sentence and insert 
applicable provisions] 
 
(d) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
(e) 
Transaction Type: 
[specify] 
 
(f) 
Scheduled Termination Date: 
[Maturity Date unless otherwise specified] 
 
(g) 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[[] and any Successor/ Not Applicable/(if there is 
more than one Reference Entity) The Reference 
Entities specified in Annex 1 hereto (or any Successor 
thereto)] 
(If the Reference Entity or Reference Obligation 
comprises of a single entity or obligation, or in the 
case of a pool of underlying where a single reference 
entity or reference obligation represents 20 % or more 
of the pool, so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to 
ascertain from information published by the Reference 
Entity (or the issuer of the Reference Obligation), 
please 
also 
add 
ISIN, 
address, 
country 
of 
incorporation, industry or industries in which the 
Reference Entity (or the issuer of the Reference 
Obligation) operates and the name of the market in 
which its securities are admitted.)  
(In the case of a pool of underlying where a single 
reference entity or reference obligation represents less 
than 20 % of the pool, please include names of the 
reference entities or issuers of the Reference 
Obligation and the ISIN.) 
 
(h) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable: 
[Seniority Level: Senior Level / Subordinated Level / 
As set out in the Conditions] / Not applicable: specify 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation] 
[(if there is more than one Reference Entity) For each 
Reference 
Entity, 
the 
Reference 
Obligation(s) 
specified in Annex 1 hereto] 
 
 
(i) 
Reference Obligation Notional 
Amount: 
[[]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 143 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
143 
 
 
 
(j) 
Credit index: 
[[] (specify the name of the credit index, the name of 
the sponsor of the credit index, the index roll (if 
applicable) and the weighting of each underlying of 
the credit index) /Not Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Index tranche: 
[]/[Not Applicable] (If applicable, specify the 
tranche) 
 
(l) 
Issuer(s)41: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(m) 
Guarantor(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(n) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(o) 
Obligation: 
 
 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment] 
 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligations 
Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Specified currency] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
Excluded Obligations: 
[None][specify] 
 
(p) 
Grace Period: 
[The number of days equal to the grace period with 
respect to payments in accordance with the terms of, 
and under, the relevant Obligation, and, if no grace 
period is applicable, zero./insert maximum number of 
days] 
 
(q) 
Grace Period Extension: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(r) 
Maturity Date Extension: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(s) 
Credit Events: 
[Bankruptcy] 
 
 
[Failure to Pay] 
 
 
[Loss Event] 
 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
 
[Obligation Default] 
 
 
[Rating Downgrade] 
                                                     
41 This relates to the Reference Entity and/or the Reference Obligation.

--- Page 144 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
144 
 
 
 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
 
[Governmental Intervention] 
 
 
[Restructuring: 
 
 
[Multiple Holder Obligation: Applicable] 
 
 
[Mod R: Applicable] 
 
 
[Mod Mod R: Applicable] 
 
(t) 
Payment Requirement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Specify] 
 
 
(If not specified, Payment Requirement will be 
USD1,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the 
Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as 
applicable). 
 
(u) 
Default Requirement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Specify] 
 
 
(If not specified, Default Requirement will be 
USD10,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the 
relevant Credit Event). 
 
(v) 
Fallback provisions: 
[Applicable : [Specify relevant details from Condition 
19.18 (i) / In accordance with Condition 19.18 (ii)]/Not 
Applicable  
(Only applicable for a credit index or an index 
tranche) 
 
(w) 
Financial Reference Entity 
Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]/[(If there is more than 
one Reference Entity) According to the Transaction 
Type specified in Annex 1 hereto: Applicable if the 
Transaction Type is a Financial Transaction Type] 
 
(x) 
Subordinated European 
Insurance: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
20.  
Equity Linked Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Share(s): 
[] 
 
(b) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[Specify] 
 
(c) 
Screen Page/Exchange Code: 
[Specify]

--- Page 145 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
145 
 
 
 
(d) 
Formula to be used to determine 
the Equity Linked Interest 
Amount: 
[Fixed Rate / Floating Rate / Fixed to Structured Rate 
/ Floating to Structured Rate / Zero Coupon to 
Structured Rate / Combined / Participative Coupon / 
Internal Rate of Return Coupon] 
[Insert Formula, Terms of Payment, relevant value(s) 
and other related provisions from the Technical Annex 
to determine the coupon due] 
 
(e) 
Averaging 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
(only applicable if Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election).  
 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: []/[eight]] 
 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
 
(f) 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not Applicable].] [In 
the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date/[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply.] 
 
(g) 
Observation Period(s): 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[] 
 
(i) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[]/[As per Condition 21] 
 
(j) 
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] []. 
 
(k) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[Specify/Each exchange or quotation system on which 
option contracts or futures contracts relating such 
Share are traded] 
 
(l) 
Relevant Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the Valuation 
Date/during the Observation Period.] [The relevant 
time is [], being the time specified on the Valuation 
Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the Settlement Price.] (N.B. if no 
Relevant Time is specified, the Valuation Time will be 
the Scheduled Closing Time).

--- Page 146 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
146 
 
 
21.  
Inflation Linked Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Index/Indices: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Screen Page/Exchange Code: 
[] 
 
(c) 
Formula to be used to determine 
the Inflation Linked Interest 
Amount: 
[Fixed Rate / Floating Rate / Fixed to Structured Rate 
/ Floating to Structured Rate / Zero Coupon to 
Structured Rate / Combined / Participative Coupon / 
Internal Rate of Return Coupon] 
[Insert Formula, Terms of Payment, relevant value(s) 
and other related provisions from the Technical Annex 
to determine the coupon due] 
 
(d) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(e) 
Specified Maximum days of 
Disruption: 
[]/[eight] 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
 
(f) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Related Bond: 
[[]/Fall Back Bond]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Issuer of Related Bond: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Fall Back Bond: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Index Sponsor: 
[] 
 
(k) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(l) 
Relevant Time: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(m) 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not Applicable].]  
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day/[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply.]

--- Page 147 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
147 
 
 
 
(n) 
Observation Period(s): 
[specify/Not Applicable] 
22. 
 Currency 
Linked 
Interest 
Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Exchange Rate(s) 
[] 
 
(b) 
Formula to be used to determine 
the Currency Linked Interest 
Amount: 
[Fixed Rate / Floating Rate / Fixed to Structured Rate 
/ Floating to Structured Rate / Zero Coupon to 
Structured Rate / Combined / Participative Coupon / 
Internal Rate of Return Coupon] 
[Insert Formula, Terms of Payment, relevant value(s) 
and other related provisions from the Technical Annex 
to determine the coupon due] 
 
(c) 
Screen page: 
[●] 
 
(d) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(e) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[●]/ 
 
(f) 
Specified Maximum days of 
Disruption: 
[]/[eight] 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
 
(g) 
Relevant Time 
[] 
 
(h) 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not Applicable].] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date/[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply.] 
 
(i) 
Observation Period(s): 
[specify/Not Applicable] 
23. 
 Commodity Linked Interest Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Commodity/Commodities/ 
Commodity Index: 
[]

--- Page 148 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
148 
 
 
 
(b) 
Formula to be used to determine 
the Commodity Linked Interest 
Amount: 
[Fixed Rate / Floating Rate / Fixed to Structured Rate 
/ Floating to Structured Rate / Zero Coupon to 
Structured Rate / Combined / Participative Coupon / 
Internal Rate of Return Coupon] 
[Insert Formula, Terms of Payment, relevant value(s) 
and other related provisions from the Technical Annex 
to determine the coupon due] 
 
(c) 
Deadline for publication of 
correction of Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[]/[As per Condition 24] 
 
 
(d) 
Commodity Reference Price: 
[] 
the Price Source is/are: [] 
 
(e) 
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] []. 
 
(f) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(g) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[]/[two] 
 
 
(if no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to two) (applicable only to Price Source 
Disruption or Trading Disruption) 
 
(h) 
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Delayed Redemption on 
Occurrence of Market 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Relevant Time:  
[] 
 
(k) 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not Applicable].] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date/[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(l) 
Observation Period(s): 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
24. 
 Fund Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 149 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
149 
 
 
 
(a) 
Fund/Funds: 
[] 
[The [] Fund is an ETF]42(If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(b) 
Fund Shares: 
[][] 
[The [] Fund is an ETF]43 
 
(c) 
Weighting: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Weighting to be applied to each 
Fund Share comprising the Fund Basket is []][] 
 
(d) 
Formula to be used to determine 
the 
Fund 
Linked 
Interest 
Amount: 
[Fixed Rate / Floating Rate / Fixed to Structured Rate/ 
Floating to Structured Rate/ Zero Coupon to 
Structured 
Rate 
/ 
Combined 
/ 
Participative 
Coupon/Internal Rate of Return Coupon] 
[Insert Formula, Terms of Payment, relevant value(s) 
and other related provisions from the Technical Annex 
to determine the coupon due] 
 
(e) 
Exchange(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] (only applicable to ETFs)[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Related Exchange: 
[]/[All 
Exchanges]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(only 
applicable to ETFs)[]/[Not Applicable] (only 
applicable to ETFs) 
 
(g) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All Fund Share Basis]/[Per Fund Share Basis]/[Single 
Fund Share Basis] (only applicable to ETFs)[]/[All 
Exchanges]/[Not Applicable] (only applicable to 
ETFs) 
 
(h) 
Fund Documents: 
[] A copy of the Funds Documents can be obtained 
from [] (only applicable to ETFs) 
 
(i) 
Fund Business Day: 
[All Fund Share Basis]/[Per Fund Share Basis]/[Single 
Fund Share Basis][] A copy of the Funds Documents 
can be obtained from [] 
 
(j) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[As per Condition 25]/[] 
 
(k) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Condition 25]/[][As per Condition 25]/[] 
 
(l) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable][As per Condition 25]/[] 
 
(m) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable][]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(n) 
NAV Barrier: 
[][]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(o) 
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[As per Condition 25]/[][] 
                                                     
42Specify each ETF (if any). 
43Specify each ETF (if any).

--- Page 150 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
150 
 
 
 
(p) 
NAV Trigger Period: 
[][As per Condition 25]/[] 
 
(q) 
Number of NAV Publication 
Days: 
[][] 
 
(r) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
 
(s) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[] 
 
Business Day Convention for 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[] 
[Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding/FRN/None] 
 
(t) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] 
 
Business Day Convention for 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] 
 
 
[Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding/FRN/None/Not applicable] 
 
 
(If a Business Day Convention is specified for Interest 
Period End Date(s), unless Interest Payment Date(s) 
are expressed to be a number of Business Days after 
the relevant Interest Period End Final Date, Interest 
Payment Date(s) must be subject to the same Business 
Day Convention)[] 
 
 
[Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding/FRN/None] 
25.  
Bond Linked Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Type of Bond Linked Notes: 
[Single Bond Linked Notes][Basket Bond Linked 
Notes] 
 
(b) 
Interest payment condition: 
[Conditional upon the [occurrence/non-occurrence]of 
a Bond Event on the Bond(s) during the Reference 
Period]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(c) 
Reference Period: 
The period commencing at or after 12.01 a.m., 
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) on (and including) 
[specify date] and ending at or prior to 11.59 p.m., 
GMT on (and including, subject as provided below) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date. [if other period 
applicable, delete previous sentence and insert 
applicable provisions]

--- Page 151 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
151 
 
 
 
(d) 
Formula to be used to determine 
the 
Bond 
Linked 
Interest 
Amount: 
[Fixed Rate / Floating Rate / Fixed to Floating Rate / 
Fixed to Structured Rate / Floating to Structured Rate 
/ Zero Coupon to Structured Rate / Combined / 
Participative Coupon / Internal Rate of Return 
Coupon] 
[Insert Formula, Terms of Payment, relevant value(s) 
and other related provisions from the Technical Annex 
to determine the coupon due] 
 
(e) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
(f) 
First Bond Event Occurrence 
Date: 
[] 
 
(g) 
Scheduled Maturity Date: 
[specify] 
 
(h) 
Bond(s): 
[If Single Bond Linked Notes] 
Bond 
Issuer 
Bond 
ISIN 
Code 
Bond 
Currenc
y 
Bond 
Notional 
Amount 
Maturity 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
 
[If Basket Bond Linked Notes] 
Reference Portfolio 
Bond 
Issuer 
Bond 
ISIN 
Code 
Bond 
Weighting 
Bond 
Currency 
Bond 
Notional 
Amount 
Maturity 
Reference 
Price 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
(i) 
Bond Currency: 
[For Single Bond Linked Notes: The Bond Currency 
described in paragraph “Bond(s)” above] 
[For Basket Bond Linked Notes: The Bond Currency 
described in respect of the Bonds comprised in the 
Reference Portfolio as described in paragraph 
“Bond(s)” above] 
 
(j) 
Bond Notional Amount: 
[For Single Bond Linked Notes: On the Issue Date, the 
Bond Notional Amount in the Bond Currency, each as 
described in paragraph 25 (h) above and thereafter as 
modified in accordance with the definition of “Bond 
Notional Amount” in the Additional provisions 
applicable to Bond Linked Notes.] 
[For Basket Bond Linked Notes: On the Issue Date, the 
Bond Notional Amount in the Bond Currency

--- Page 152 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
152 
 
 
described in respect of the Bonds comprised in the 
Reference Portfolio, all as described in paragraph 
25(h) above and thereafter as modified in accordance 
with the definition of “Bond Notional Amount” in the 
Additional provisions applicable to Bond Linked 
Notes] 
 
(k) 
Bond Events: 
[If Single Bond Linked Notes: The Bond Event(s) 
specified below] [If Basket Bond Linked Notes: For 
each Bond comprised in the Reference Portfolio, the 
Bond Event(s) specified below:] 
 
 
[Bond Acceleration] 
 
 
[Bond Default] 
 
 
[Bond Early Redemption] 
 
 
[Bond Governmental Intervention] 
 
 
[Bond Issuer ISDA Event] 
 
 
[Bond Restructuring] 
 
 
[Bond Failure to Pay] 
 
(l) 
Default Requirement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Specify] 
(If not specified, Default Requirement will be USD 
10,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit 
Event). 
26.  
Rate Linked Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[insert dates(s)]  
 
(b) 
Underlying Rate(s): 
[] 
 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[] (In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
 Relevant Financial Centre(s): 
[London/Brussels/specify other Relevant Financial 
Centre]

--- Page 153 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
153 
 
 
 
 Rate Determination Date(s): 
[] 
 
 Relevant Time: 
[] (which will be 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case 
of EURIBOR) 
 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 
 Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
 Reset Date(s): 
[] (In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
 
 Leverage: 
[] 
 
 Underlying ISDA Rate: 
[] 
 
(e) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Rate Determination 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
 
FBF Definitions (if 
different from those set 
out in the Conditions): 
[] 
 
 
[Leverage: 
[]] 
 
(f) 
Formula to be used to determine 
the Rate Linked Interest Amount: 
[Fixed Rate / Floating Rate / Fixed to Floating / Fixed 
to Structured Rate/ Floating to Structured Rate/Zero 
Coupon to Structured Rate/ Combined / Participative 
Coupon / Internal Rate of Return Coupon] 
[Insert Formula, Terms of Payment, relevant value(s) 
and other related provisions from the Technical Annex 
to determine the coupon due] 
 
(g) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(h) 
Observation Date(s): 
[] 
 
(i) 
Observation Period: 
[] 
 
(j) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[] 
 
(k) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[]/[As defined in Condition 27.3]

--- Page 154 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
154 
 
 
 
(l) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
(m) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[] 
27.  
Future Linked Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Future/ Basket of Futures: 
[] 
 
 
(Specify Weighting for Basket of Futures) 
 
(b) 
Formula to be used to determine 
the 
Future 
Linked 
Interest 
Amount: 
[Fixed Rate / Floating Rate / Fixed to Floating Rate / 
Fixed to Structured Rate / Floating to Structured Rate 
/ Zero Coupon to Structured Rate / Combined / 
Participative Coupon / Internal Rate of Return 
Coupon] 
[Insert Formula, Terms of Payment, relevant value(s) 
and other related provisions from the Technical Annex 
to determine the coupon due] 
 
(c) 
Roll Adjustment 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Expiry Date: 
[] 
 
(e) 
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] []. 
 
(f) 
Active Future Contract: 
[] 
 
(g) 
Next Active Future Contract: 
[] 
 
(h) 
Initial Quantity Factor: 
[]/[As per Condition 28.7] 
 
(i) 
Quantity Adjustment Factor: 
[Option Fixing Roll][Option TWAP Roll][As per 
Condition 28.7]/[] 
 
(j) 
Rolling Cost: 
[]/[As per Condition 28.7] 
 
(k) 
Rolling Date(s): 
[]/[As per Condition 28.7] 
 
(l) 
Rolling Time: 
[]/[As per Condition 28.7] 
 
(m) 
AFC Commencement Date: 
[] 
 
(n) 
AFC End Date: 
[] 
 
(o) 
AFC_TWAPStartTime:  
[] 
 
(p) 
AFC_TWAPEndTime:  
[] 
 
(q) 
NAFC Commencement Date: 
[]

--- Page 155 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
155 
 
 
 
(r) 
NAFC End Date: 
[] 
 
(s) 
NAFC_TWAPStartTime:  
[] 
 
(t) 
NAFC_TWAPEndTime:  
[] 
 
(u) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
(v) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[] 
 
(w) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Future Basis/All Future Basis/Per Future 
Basis/As per Condition 28.7] 
 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
 
(x) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Future Basis/All Future Basis/Per Future 
Basis/As per Condition 28.7] 
 
(y) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[]/[eight] 
 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
 
(z) 
Payment Extension Days: 
[] (If no Payment Extension Days are stated, 
Payment Extension Days will be equal to two (2) 
Payment Business Days) 
 
(aa) 
Observation Date: 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not Applicable].] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date/[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(bb) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [].] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(cc) 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
28.  
Business Day Convention 
 
 
(a) 
For Interest Payment Dates: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(b) 
For Interest Periods: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day

--- Page 156 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
156 
 
 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/Not 
Applicable]  
 
(c) 
For the Maturity Date or 
Redemption Date: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/Not 
Applicable]  
 
(d) 
Any other date: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/Not 
Applicable] 
29.  
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/360]/[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/365 (Fixed)]/ 
 
 
[Actual/365 – FBF]/ 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]/ 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]/ 
 
 
[Actual/360]/ 
 
 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]/ 
 
 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond basis]/[]/[Not Applicable] 
30.  
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
31. 
 Notice periods for Condition 6.2 of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 9.2 
of the French Law Notes: 
Minimum period: [           ] days 
Maximum period: [           ] days  
32. 
 Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount [less Early Redemption 
Unwind Costs. Early Redemption Unwind Costs 
means 
[Standard 
Early 
Redemption 
Unwind 
Costs]]/Fair Market Value] 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
 
(d) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [           ] days 
Maximum period: [           ] days

--- Page 157 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
157 
 
 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
33. 
 Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount [minus the Early 
Redemption Fees] 
 
(c) 
Early Redemption Fees: 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. of the Calculation 
Amount] 
 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [           ] days 
Maximum period: [           ] days 
34. 
 Early Redemption upon the crossing 
of a Coupon threshold 
[[Condition 
6.6(a) 
/Condition 
6.6(b) 
of 
the 
[English/French] Law Notes] is applicable/Not 
Applicable]  
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Threshold Observation Start 
Date: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Threshold Percentage: 
[] 
 
(c) 
Threshold Redemption Amount: 
[] 
 
(d) 
Threshold Redemption Date: 
[next Interest Payment Date after the crossing of the 
Threshold Percentage]/ [[] business days after the 
crossing of the Threshold Percentage] 
(if Condition 6.6(a) of the English Law Notes or 
Condition 9.6(a) of the French Law Notes, as the case 
may be, applies, the Threshold Redemption Dates are 
the same as Interest Payment Dates) 
 
(e) 
Notice periods: 
[In accordance with Condition [6.6 of the English Law 
Notes]/[9.6 of the French Law Notes] /[] business 
days]

--- Page 158 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
158 
 
 
35. 
 Final Redemption Amount 
(a) 
[[] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount] 
The 
[Credit/Index/Equity/Inflation/Currency/ 
Commodity/Fund/Bond/Rate/Future] Linked 
Redemption Amount] / [Physical Delivery] 
 
 
(b) 
Settlement 
Method: 
[Cash 
Settled 
Notes]/[Physical Delivery] 
 
 
(NB: In the case of any Equity Linked Notes or Credit 
Linked Notes, specify whether the Notes are Cash 
Settled Notes or Physical Delivery Notes. All other 
Notes are cash settled Notes)  
 
(a) 
Index Linked Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index/Indices: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Screen Page: 
[Specify if applicable, or give the sources of 
observation for each index] 
 
(iii) 
Component 
Transactions: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Formula to be used to 
determine the principal 
due: 
[Reverse Convertible with European Barrier] / 
[Reverse Convertible with American Barrier] / 
[Autocall 
with 
[European/American] 
Barrier] 
[Generic Reverse with European Barrier]/ [Generic 
Short Call Spread] / [Lock-In] / / [Callable Stability] / 
[Call] / [Bonus Certificate with [European/American] 
Barrier] / [Shark] / [Himalaya] / [Ladder Call Spread] 
/ [Mountain Range] / [Parachute A] / [Parachute B] / 
[Dispersion]: 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions (to determine the principal due) from the 
Technical Annex] 
 
(v) 
Settlement Price: 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Valuation Method: 
The Valuation Method shall be [Highest]/[Average 
Highest]/[Market Value]/[NA] 
 
(vii) 
Quotation Method: 
The 
Quotation 
Method 
shall 
be 
[Bid]/[Mid]/[Ask]/[NA] 
 
(viii) 
Quotation Amount: 
The Quotation Amount shall be []/[As set out in the 
Conditions]/[NA] 
 
(ix) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes.

--- Page 159 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
159 
 
 
 
 
[The Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
(only applicable if Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election) 
 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: []/[eight]] 
 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
 
(x) 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not Applicable].] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day/[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply.] 
 
(xi) 
Observation Period(s): 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Exchange 
Business 
Day: 
[] 
 
(xiii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: []/[As per Condition 20] 
 
(xiv) 
Exchange(s) and Index 
Sponsor: 
(A) 
the relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [] and 
 
 
(B) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is []. 
 
(xv) 
Related Exchange: 
[Specify/Each exchange or quotation system on which 
option contracts or futures contracts relating such 
Index is traded] 
 
(xvi) 
Relevant Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the Valuation 
Date/during the Observation Period.] [The relevant 
time is [], being the time specified on the Valuation 
Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the Settlement Price.] (N.B. if no 
Relevant Time is specified, the Valuation Time will be 
the Scheduled Closing Time). 
 
(xvii) Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
[(A)] The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes: 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies.) 
 
 
[Change of Law]

--- Page 160 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
160 
 
 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[(B)] [The Trade Date is []. [If no Trade Date is 
specified, Issue Date will be the Trade Date] 
 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Change of Law and/or 
Increased Cost of Hedging is applicable)] 
 
 
[(C)] [The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[]. 
 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[(D)] [The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[]. 
 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)]] 
 
(xviii) Market Disruption 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to []/[eight] 
 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
 
(xix) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/" less than"/"less than or equal to" Knock-in 
Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-in 
Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-in 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-in 
Determination Period]

--- Page 161 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
161 
 
 
 
(C) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-in 
Period Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-in 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.] [] 
 
(xx) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" Knock-out 
Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day, [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-out 
Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-
out Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-out 
Period Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-out 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-out 
Determination Day.] [] 
 
(xxi) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] Automatic 
Early Redemption Level] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Automatic 
Early 
[Specify/See definition in Condition 20]

--- Page 162 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
162 
 
 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
(B) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[Specify] 
 
(C) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Price: 
[Specify] 
 
(D) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(E) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[Specify] 
 
(F) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[Specify] 
 
(b) 
Credit 
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Transaction Type: 
[Specify] 
 
(iii) 
Scheduled Termination 
Date: 
[Maturity Date unless otherwise specified] 
 
(iv) 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[[] and any Successor/Not Applicable/(if there is 
more than one Reference Entity) The Reference 
Entities specified in Annex 1 hereto (or any Successor 
thereto)] 
(If the Reference Entity or Reference Obligation 
comprises of a single entity or obligation, or in the 
case of a pool of underlying where a single reference 
entity or reference obligation represents 20 % or more 
of the pool, so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able 
to ascertain from information published by the 
Reference Entity (or the issuer of the Reference 
Obligation), please also add ISIN, address, country of

--- Page 163 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
163 
 
 
incorporation, industry or industries in which the 
Reference Entity (or the issuer of the Reference 
Obligation) operates and the name of the market in 
which its securities are admitted.) 
(In the case of a pool of underlying where a single 
reference entity or reference obligation represents less 
than 20 % of the pool, please include names of the 
reference entities or issuers of the Reference 
Obligation and the ISIN.) 
 
(v) 
Reference 
Obligation(s): 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable: 
[Seniority Level: Senior Level / Subordinated Level / 
As set out in the Conditions] / Not applicable: specify 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation] 
[(if there is more than one Reference Entity) For each 
Reference 
Entity, 
the 
Reference 
Obligation(s) 
specified in Annex 1 hereto] 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Reference 
Obligation 
Notional Amount: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Credit index: 
[[] (specify the name of the credit index, the name of 
the sponsor of the credit index, the index roll (if 
applicable) and the weighting of each underlying of 
the credit index) /Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Index tranche: 
[]/[Not Applicable] (If applicable, specify the 
tranche) 
 
(ix) 
Issuer(s)44: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Guarantor(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Obligation: 
Obligation 
Category: 
[Payment] 
 
 
 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
 
 
[Reference Obligations Only] 
 
 
 
[Bond] 
 
 
 
[Loan] 
 
 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
 
 
[Payment] 
 
 
 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
 
 
[Reference Obligations Only] 
 
 
 
[Bond] 
 
 
 
[Loan] 
 
 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
                                                     
44This relates to the Reference Entity and/or the Reference Obligation.

--- Page 164 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
164 
 
 
 
 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
 
 
[Specified currency] 
 
 
 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
 
 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
 
 
[Listed] 
 
 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
 
Excluded 
Obligations: 
[None]/[specify] 
 
(xiii) 
Grace Period: 
[The number of days equal to the grace period with 
respect to payments in accordance with the terms of, 
and under, the relevant Obligation, and, if no grace 
period is applicable, zero./insert maximum number of 
days] 
 
(xiv) 
Grace Period Extension: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Maturity 
Date 
Extension: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Credit Events: 
[Bankruptcy] 
 
 
[Failure to Pay] 
 
 
[Loss Event] 
 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
 
[Obligation Default] 
 
 
[Rating Downgrade] 
 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
 
[Governmental Intervention]  
 
 
[Restructuring: 
 
 
[Multiple Holder Obligation: Applicable] 
 
 
[Mod R: Applicable] 
 
 
[Mod Mod R: Applicable] 
 
(xvii) Payment Requirement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Specify] 
 
 
(If not specified, Payment Requirement will be 
USD1,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the

--- Page 165 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
165 
 
 
Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as 
applicable). 
 
(xviii) Default Requirement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Specify] 
 
 
(If not specified, Default Requirement will be 
USD10,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the 
relevant Credit Event). 
 
(xix) 
Fallback provisions: 
[Applicable : [Specify relevant details from Condition 
19.18 (i) / In accordance with Condition 19.18 
(ii)]/Not Applicable  
(Only applicable for a credit index or an index 
tranche) 
 
(xx) 
Financial 
Reference 
Entity Terms: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]/[(if there is more than one 
Reference Entity) According to the Transaction Type 
specified in Annex 1 hereto: Applicable, if the 
Transaction Type is a Financial Transaction Type] 
  
 
(xxi) 
Subordinated European 
Insurance: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(xxii) Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available Information: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
 
 
If applicable: Specified Number: [] (if applicable 
and not specified, it shall be two)] 
 
 
Publicly 
Available 
Information: 
[Specify/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) Settlement: 
[Auction/Cash/Physical] Settlement (please specify) 
 
Terms 
relating 
to 
Physical 
Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(xxiv) Deliverable 
Obligations: 
[Include Accrued Interest] / [Exclude Accrued 
Interest] 
 
(xxv) 
Deliverable 
Obligations: 
Deliverable 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
 
 
[Bond]

--- Page 166 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
166 
 
 
 
 
 
[Loan] 
 
 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
 
 
 
[Specified Currency] 
 
 
 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
 
 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
 
 
[Listed] 
 
 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
 
 
[Assignable Loan] 
 
 
 
[Consent Required Loan] 
 
 
 
[Transferable] 
 
 
 
[Maximum Maturity] 
 
 
 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
 
 
 
[Not Bearer] 
 
 
Excluded Obligations: [None][specify] 
 
(xxvi) Physical 
Settlement 
Period: 
The longest of the number of Business Days for 
settlement in accordance with the then current market 
practice of any Deliverable Obligation being 
Delivered, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
subject to a minimum of [30/90/120/other] Business 
Days following the satisfaction of all Conditions to 
Settlement. 
 
(xxvii) Number 
of 
calendar 
days' notice (Notice of 
Physical Settlement): 
[0/5/specify number] days 
[insert number of calendar days prior to Physical 
Settlement Date] 
 
(xxviii) Physical 
Settlement 
Date: 
The date within the Physical Settlement Period upon 
which all the Deliverable Obligations specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement are Delivered; provided 
that if on the last day of the Physical Settlement Period 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement cannot be Delivered due to any 
reason as set out in Conditions 19.8, 19.9, 19.10 and 
19.12 (Partial Cash Settlement Terms), the Physical 
Settlement Date shall be the last day of the Physical 
Settlement Period.  
 
(xxix) Latest 
Permissible 
Physical 
Settlement 
Date: 
[[specify number] days after the final day of the 
Physical Settlement Period]. 
 
(xxx) 
Unwind Amount: 
[Applicable: [Specify/Standard Unwind Costs]/Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 167 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
167 
 
 
 
Terms 
relating 
to 
Cash 
Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(xxxi) Valuation Date: 
[] 
 
(xxxii) Valuation Time: 
[As set out in the Condition] / [(specify other)] 
 
(xxxiii) Quotation Method: 
[Bid]/[Mid]/[Ask] 
 
(xxxiv) Quotation Amount: 
[] 
 
(xxxv) Cash Settlement Date: 
[As set out in the Conditions] / [(specify other)] 
 
(xxxvi) Valuation Method: 
(i) 
(for determination of 
Final Price) 
Exclude Accrued Interest/Include Accrued Interest] / 
As set out in the Conditions]  
 
(xxxvii) Unwind Amount 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Terms relating to Auction Settlement: 
 
(xxxviii) Fallback 
Settlement 
Method: 
[Cash Settlement/Physical Settlement] 
 
(xxxix) 
Auction 
Settlement 
Amount: 
Auction Final Price 
 
(xl) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following/Modified Following/Preceding] 
 
(xli) 
Succession 
Event 
Backstop Date subject 
to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Yes/No] 
 
(xlii) 
Hedging Arrangement 
Notifying Party: 
[Buyer/Seller/Buyer or Seller]  
 
(xliii) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/" less than"/"less than or equal to" Knock-in 
Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day, [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.]

--- Page 168 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
168 
 
 
 
(A) 
Knock-in Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-in 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-
in Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-in 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.] [] 
 
(xliv) Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" Knock-out 
Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is 
a Disrupted Day, [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-out 
Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-
out Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-out 
Period Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-out 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-out 
Determination Day.] [] 
 
(xlv) 
Formula to be used to 
determine the principal 
due: 
[Credit Linked Notes Early Redeemed]/[Credit 
Linked Notes Redeemed at Maturity]/[Guaranteed 
Credit Linked Notes]/[Basket/Index Credit Linked 
Notes]/ ]/[Leverage Basket/Index Credit Linked 
Notes] / [Generic Reverse with European Barrier]/ 
[Generic Short Call Spread] / [nth to Default Credit 
Linked Notes Early Redeemed]/[Index tranche 
Credit linked Notes]/[ nth to Default Credit Linked 
Notes Redeemed at Maturity]

--- Page 169 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
169 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions (to determine the principal due) from the 
Technical Annex] 
 
(c) 
Equity 
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Share(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[Specify] 
 
(iii) 
Screen 
Page/Exchange 
Code: 
[Specify] 
 
(iv) 
Formula to be used to 
determine the principal 
due: 
[Reverse Convertible with European Barrier] / 
[Reverse Convertible with American Barrier] / 
[Autocall with [European/American] Barrier] / 
[Generic Reverse with European Barrier]/ [Generic 
Short Call Spread] / [Lock-In]/ [Callable Stability] / 
[Call] 
/ 
[Bonus 
Certificate 
with 
[European/American] Barrier] / [Shark] / [Himalaya] 
/ [Ladder Call Spread] / [Mountain Range] / 
[Parachute A] / [Parachute B] / [Dispersion]:  
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions (to determine the principal due) from the 
Technical Annex] 
 
(v) 
Settlement Price: 
The Settlement Price will be calculated [insert 
calculation method]/[As set out in the Conditions] 
[Exchange Rate:[] 
 
(vi) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. 
 
 
[The Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
(only applicable if Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election) 
 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to: []/[eight]] 
 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to eight)

--- Page 170 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
170 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/ Not Applicable].] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day/ 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(viii) 
Observation Period(s): 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[] 
 
(x) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[]/[As per Condition 21] 
 
(xi) 
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] []. 
 
(xii) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[Specify/Each exchange or quotation system on 
which option contracts or futures contracts relating 
such Share are traded] 
 
(xiii) 
Relevant Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the 
Valuation Date/during the Observation Period.] [The 
relevant time is [, being the time specified on the 
Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, for the calculation of the Settlement Price.]  
[N.B. if no Relevant Time is specified, the Valuation 
Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time). 
 
(xiv) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
[(A)] 
The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes: 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which 
applies.) 
 
 
[Change of Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
 
[Failure to Deliver] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[(B)] 
[The Trade Date is []. 
 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Change of Law 
and/or Increased Cost of Hedging is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[(C)] 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of [specify in relation to each relevant 
Share] is []. 
 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Loss of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)]

--- Page 171 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
171 
 
 
 
 
[(D)] 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] 
is []. 
 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
 
(xv) 
Market Disruption 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to []/[eight]: 
 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption is stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to eight) 
 
(xvi) 
Delayed Redemption on 
Occurrence of 
Extraordinary Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
 
[Rate for accrual of interest []/as specified in the 
Terms and Conditions] 
 
(xvii) Tender Offer 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) Merger Event, Tender 
Offer, 
De-listing, 
Nationalisation 
and 
Insolvency 
(delete 
as 
appropriate) 
Share Substitution [is applicable/is not applicable]. 
 
(xix) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/" less than"/"less than or equal to" Knock-in 
Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day, [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-in Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-in 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-
in Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify]

--- Page 172 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
172 
 
 
 
(D) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-in 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xx) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" Knock-out 
Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is 
a Disrupted Day, [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-out 
Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-
out Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-out 
Period Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-out 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-out 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xxi) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] Automatic 
Early Redemption Price] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify/See definition in Condition 21.7] 
 
(B) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[Specify] 
 
(C) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Price: 
[Specify]

--- Page 173 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
173 
 
 
 
(D) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[Specify] 
 
(E) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[Specify] 
 
(F) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Number 
of 
Shares: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(d) 
Fund Linked Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fund/Funds: 
[] 
[The [] Fund is an ETF]45(If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(ii) 
Fund Shares: 
[][] 
[The [] Fund is an ETF]46 
 
(iii) 
Weighting: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Weighting to be applied to 
each Fund Share comprising the Fund Basket is 
[]][] 
 
(iv) 
Formula to be used to 
determine the principal 
due: 
[Reverse Convertible with European Barrier] / 
[Reverse Convertible with American Barrier] / 
[Autocall with [European/American] Barrier] / 
[Generic Reverse with European Barrier]/ [Generic 
Short Call Spread] / [Lock-In] /[Callable Stability] / 
[Call] 
/ 
[Bonus 
Certificate 
with 
[European/American] Barrier] / [Shark] / [Himalaya] 
/ [Ladder Call Spread] / [Mountain Range] / 
[Parachute A] / [Parachute B] / [Dispersion]: 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions (to determine the principal due) from the 
Technical Annex] 
 
(v) 
Additional Extraordinary 
Fund Event(s): 
[]  
                                                     
45Specify each ETF (if any). 
46Specify each ETF (if any).

--- Page 174 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
174 
 
 
(Specify whether each Additional Extraordinary 
Fund Event is a Substitution Event or a Termination 
Event)[] 
 
(vi) 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[]/[As per Condition 25][]  
(Specify whether each Additional Extraordinary 
Fund Event is a Substitution Event or a Termination 
Event) 
 
(vii) 
Scheduled 
redemption 
Payment Date: 
[] 
 
(viii) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. 
[The Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
(only applicable if Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election) 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: []/[eight]] 
 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to eight) 
 
(ix) 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[][]/[As per Condition 25] 
 
(x) 
Valuation Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable] (only applicable to ETFs)[] 
 
(xi) 
Valuation Time: 
[]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(only 
applicable 
to 
ETFs)[]/[Not Applicable] (only applicable to 
ETFs) 
 
(xii) 
Consequences 
of 
Extraordinary 
Fund 
Event: 
[specify]/[As per Condition 25][]/[Not Applicable] 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
 
(xiii) 
Termination Amounts: 
[Delta-1 Termination Amount]/[Principal Protected 
Termination 
Amount]/[Non-Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount]/[specify]/[Not 
Applicable][specify]/[As per Condition 25] 
 
(xiv) 
Delta-1 
Termination 
Amount: 
[]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Delta-1 
Termination 
Amount]/[Principal 
Protected 
Termination

--- Page 175 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
175 
 
 
Amount]/[Non-Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount]/[specify]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Portfolio: 
[]/[Not Applicable] []/[Not Applicable]  
 
(xvi) 
Protected Amount: 
[] 
 
(xvii) Simple Interest Spread: 
[][]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(xviii) Termination Date: 
[][] 
 
(xix) 
Delayed Redemption on 
Occurrence 
of 
Extraordinary 
Fund 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable][] 
 
(xx) 
Delayed Payment Cut-
Off Date: 
[specify]/[As per Condition 25][Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(xxi) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/" less than"/"less than or equal to" Knock-in 
Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day, [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-in Price: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-in 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-
in Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(D) 
 
 
 
(E) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(F) 
Knock-in 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xxii) Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" Knock-out 
Level]]

--- Page 176 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
176 
 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is 
a Disrupted Day, [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-out Price: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-
out Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-out 
Period Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-out 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-out 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xxiii) Automatic Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than 
or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] the 
Automatic Early Redemption Level] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(B) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify] 
 
(C) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Price: 
[specify] 
 
(D) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[specify] 
 
(E) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify]

--- Page 177 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
177 
 
 
 
(e) 
Inflation 
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index/Indices: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Screen Page/Exchange 
Code: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Formula to be used to 
determine the principal 
due: 
[Reverse Convertible with European Barrier] / 
[Reverse Convertible with American Barrier] / 
[Autocall with [European/American] Barrier] / 
[Generic Reverse with European Barrier]/ [Generic 
Short Call Spread] / [Lock-In] / [Callable Stability] / 
[Call] 
/ 
[Bonus 
Certificate 
with 
[European/American] Barrier] / [Shark] / [Himalaya] 
/ [Ladder Call Spread] / [Mountain Range] / 
[Parachute A] / [Parachute B] / [Dispersion]: 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions (to determine the principal due) from the 
Technical Annex] 
 
(iv) 
Related Bond 
[[]/Fall Back Bond]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Index Sponsor: 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
(vii) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. 
[The Averaging Dates are [].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(viii) 
Specified Maximum days 
of Disruption: 
[]/[eight] 
 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to eight) 
 
(ix) 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not 
Applicable].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day/[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(x) 
Observation Period(s): 
[specify/Not Applicable]

--- Page 178 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
178 
 
 
 
(xi) 
Related Bond 
Redemption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Deduction of unwinding 
and 
amendment 
of 
underlying 
hedging 
arrangements Costs (for 
the purposes of Index 
Cancellation and Change 
in Law): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/" less than"/"less than or equal to" Knock-in 
Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day, [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-in Price: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-in 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-
in Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-in 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xiv) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" Knock-out 
Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is 
a Disrupted Day, [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-out Price: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-
out Determination Period]

--- Page 179 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
179 
 
 
 
(C) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-out 
Period Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-out 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-out 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xv) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than 
or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] the 
Automatic Early Redemption Level] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(B) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify] 
 
(C) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Level: 
[specify] 
 
(D) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[specify] 
 
(E) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(f) 
Currency 
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Exchange Rate(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Screen page: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. 
[The Averaging Dates are [].]

--- Page 180 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
180 
 
 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(iv) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[] 
 
(v) 
Specified Maximum days 
of Disruption: 
[]/[eight] 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to eight) 
 
(vi) 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
(vii) 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not 
Applicable].] [In the event that an Observation 
Date is a Disrupted 
Date/[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(viii) 
Observation Period(s): 
[specify/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Settlement Rate: 
[] 
 
(x) 
Formula to be used to 
determine the principal 
due: 
[Reverse Convertible with European Barrier] / 
[Reverse Convertible with American Barrier] / 
[Autocall with [European/American] Barrier] / 
[Generic Reverse with European Barrier]/ [Generic 
Short Call Spread] / [Lock-In] / [Callable Stability] / 
[Call] 
/ 
[Bonus 
Certificate 
with 
[European/American] 
Barrier] 
/ 
[Shark 
] 
/ 
[Himalaya] / [Ladder Call Spread] / [Mountain 
Range] / [Parachute A] / [Parachute B] / 
[Dispersion]: 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions (to determine the principal due) from the 
Technical Annex] 
 
(xi) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable / specify /["greater than"/"greater than 
or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" Knock-in 
Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day, [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-in Level: 
[Specify]

--- Page 181 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
181 
 
 
 
(B) 
Knock-in 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify / Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-
in Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-in 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xii) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable / specify /["greater than"/"greater than 
or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" Knock-
out Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is 
a Disrupted Day, [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-out 
Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify / Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-
out Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-out 
Period Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-out 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-out 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xiii) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than 
or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] the 
Automatic Early Redemption Level] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify]

--- Page 182 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
182 
 
 
 
(B) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify] 
 
(C) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Level: 
[specify] 
 
(D) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[specify] 
 
(E) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(g) 
Commodity Linked Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Commodity/ 
Commodities/ 
Commodity Index: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are []/Not 
Applicable].] [In the event that an Observation Date 
is a Disrupted 
Date/[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(iii) 
Observation Period(s): 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
(v) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. 
[The Averaging Dates are [].] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(vi) 
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] []. 
 
(vii) 
Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption: 
[]/[two] 
 
 
(if no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to two) (applicable only to Price Source 
Disruption or Trading Disruption)

--- Page 183 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
183 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Delayed Redemption on 
Occurrence of Market 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Deadline for publication 
of correction of 
Commodity Reference 
Price: 
[]/[As per Condition 24] 
 
 
(xi) 
Commodity Reference 
Price: 
[] 
the Price Source is/are: [] 
 
(xii) 
Formula to be used to 
determine the principal 
due: 
[Reverse Convertible with European Barrier] / 
[Reverse Convertible with American Barrier] / 
[Generic Reverse with European Barrier]/ [Generic 
Short Call Spread] / [Lock-In] / [Autocall with 
[European/American] Barrier] / [Callable Stability] / 
[Call] 
/ 
[Bonus 
Certificate 
with 
[European/American] Barrier] / [Shark] / [Himalaya] 
/ [Ladder Call Spread] / [Mountain Range] / 
[Parachute A] / [Parachute B] / [Dispersion]: 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions (to determine the principal due) from the 
Technical Annex] 
 
(xiii) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable / specify /["greater than"/"greater 
than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" 
the Knock-in Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day, [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-in Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-in 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify / Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-
in Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify]

--- Page 184 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
184 
 
 
 
(E) 
Knock-in 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xiv) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable / specify /["greater than"/"greater 
than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" 
the Knock-out Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is 
a Disrupted Day, [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-out 
Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify / Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-
out Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-out 
Period Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-out 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-out 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xv) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than 
or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] the 
Automatic Early Redemption Level] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(B) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify] 
 
(C) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Price: 
[specify]

--- Page 185 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
185 
 
 
 
(D) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[specify] 
 
(E) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(h) 
Bond 
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Type of Bond Linked 
Notes 
[Single Bond Linked Notes] [Basket Bond Linked 
Notes] 
 
(ii) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Scheduled Maturity Date: [] 
 
(iv) 
First 
Bond 
Event 
Occurrence Date: 
[] 
 
(v) 
Bond(s): 
[If Single Bond Linked Notes] 
 
 
 
Bond 
Issuer 
Bond 
ISIN 
Code 
Bond 
Currency 
Bond 
Notional 
Amount 
Maturity 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
 
[If Basket Bond Linked Notes] 
 
 
Reference Portfolio 
Bond 
Issuer 
Bond 
ISIN 
Code 
Bond 
Weighting 
Bond 
Currency 
Bond 
Notional 
Amount 
Maturity Reference 
Price 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Bond Currency: 
[For Single Bond Linked Notes : Currency described 
in paragraph “Bond(s)” above] 
[For Basket Bond Linked Notes: The Bond Currency 
described in respect of the Bonds comprised in the 
Reference Portfolio as described in paragraph 
“Bond(s)” above]

--- Page 186 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
186 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Bond Notional Amount: 
[For Single Bond Linked Notes: On the Issue Date, 
the Bond Notional Amount in the Bond Currency, 
each as described in paragraph “Bond(s)” above and 
thereafter as modified in accordance with the 
definition of “Bond Notional Amount” in the 
Additional provisions applicable to Bond Linked 
Notes.] 
 
 
[For Basket Bond Linked Notes: On the Issue Date, 
the Bond Notional Amount in the Bond Currency 
described in respect of the Bonds comprised in the 
Reference Portfolio, all as described in paragraph 
“Bond(s)” above and thereafter as modified in 
accordance with the definition of “Bond Notional 
Amount” in the Additional provisions applicable to 
Bond Linked Notes] 
 
(viii) 
Bond Events: 
[If Single Bond Linked Notes: The Bond Event(s) as 
specified below] [If Basket Bond Linked Notes: For 
each Bond comprised in the Reference Portfolio, the 
Bond Event(s) specified below:] 
 
 
[Bond Acceleration] 
 
 
[Bond Default] 
 
 
[Bond Early Redemption] 
 
 
[Bond Governmental Intervention] 
 
 
[Bond Issuer ISDA Event] 
 
 
[Bond Restructuring] 
 
 
[Bond Failure to Pay] 
 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Formula to be used to 
determine the principal 
due: 
[Bond 
Linked 
Notes 
Redeemed 
at 
Maturity/Guaranteed Bond Linked Notes/Basket 
Bond Linked Notes] 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions (to determine the principal due) from the 
Technical Annex] 
 
(x) 
Terms 
relating 
to 
Settlement: 
 
 
(a) 
Bond 
Final 
Value: 
[Fixed Recovery: [Insert the percentage] per cent.]

--- Page 187 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
187 
 
 
 
 
[Floating Recovery: For each Bond, the percentage 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
 
 
(i) 
the Bond Final Price; 
 
 
(ii) 
plus, if any, any partial or total 
repayment in cash of the Bond 
which would have been paid to the 
holders of the Bond under the Bond 
as of the Bond Final Value 
Determination Date as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, expressed 
as a percentage of the Bond Notional 
Amount; 
 
 
(iii) 
plus, if any, the price (expressed as a 
percentage of the Bond Notional 
Amount), calculated using a method 
similar to that to determine the Bond 
Final Price, of any securities which 
would have been delivered to the 
holders of the Bond under the Bond 
as of the Bond Final Value 
Determination Date as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; 
 
 
(iv) 
minus the Valuation Hedging Cost; 
 
 
(v) 
minus any amount due and payable 
under the Bond in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of the Bond 
as in force and effect as of the Issue 
Date (expressed as a percentage of 
the Bond Notional Amount) which is 
still unpaid at the Bond Final Value 
Determination Date, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
 
 
[The Bond Final Value is subject to a 
minimum of zero per cent. and to a 
maximum of 100 per cent.] [The Bond Final 
Value is subject to a minimum of zero per 
cent. and may be higher than one hundred per 
cent. (100%).] 
 
(b) 
Auction 
Period 
for the purposes 
of the Bond Final 
Price 
determination: 
[Specify number] consecutive Business Days (as 
defined in paragraph (xiv) below)

--- Page 188 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
188 
 
 
 
(c) 
Bond Final Price 
Accrued Interest: 
[In the case of Fixed Recovery: Not Applicable] [In 
the case of Floating Recovery: [Excluding Accrued 
Interest] [Including Accrued Interest]] 
 
(d) 
Breakage 
Cost 
Amount: 
[Not Applicable: the Breakage Cost Amount will be 
equal to zero] [Applicable: means an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent expressed in the 
Specified Currency of the Notes using the Relevant 
Spot Exchange Rate on the relevant calculation 
date(s), as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
equal to the fees, costs and expenses arising directly 
or indirectly, in connection with (i) terminating, 
unwinding, realizing or enforcing any repurchase 
transaction (if any) with the Bond as underlying 
asset, the purpose of which is to refinance the 
relevant Bond and (ii) entering into, trading or 
increasing any repurchase transaction (or any 
transaction with similar purposes) with the Collateral 
Assets as underlying asset, the purpose of which is to 
refinance the Collateral Assets. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Breakage Cost Amount may be a positive 
amount (if to be received by the issuer or any of its 
Affiliates) or a negative amount (if to be paid by the 
Issuer or any of its Affiliates)] 
 
(e) 
Relevant 
Proportion: 
[Specify as per Condition 26.2] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
Basket 
Bond 
Linked 
Notes 
[If 
(xi) 
Not 
Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
subparagraphs] 
[Specify as per Condition 26.2] 
 
(a) 
Aggregate Loss 
Amount: 
[Specify as per Condition 26.2] 
 
(b) 
Loss Amount: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 26.2] 
 
(c) 
Reference 
Portfolio 
Notional 
Amount: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 26.2] [For 
each Bond comprised in the Reference Portfolio: the 
percentage specified as such in paragraph “Bond(s)” 
below] 
 
(d) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
 
(e) 
Bond Weighting: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 26.2] [For 
each Bond comprised in the Reference Portfolio: the 
proportion specified as such in paragraph “Bond(s)” 
below]

--- Page 189 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
189 
 
 
 
(f) 
Interest 
Recovery Rate: 
[Fixed interest Recovery with an Interest Recovery 
Rate of [Insert the percentage] per cent.] [Floating 
Interest Recovery] [Not Applicable. The Notes do 
not bear interest.] [Not Applicable. The sub-
paragraph “Accrual of Interest upon Bond Event” is 
specified as “Guaranteed Coupon”] 
 
(xii) 
Accrual of Interest upon 
Bond Event: 
[No Accrued Interest upon Bond Event] [Accrued 
Interest upon Bond Event] [Guaranteed Coupon] [If 
no coupon: Not relevant. The Notes do not bear 
interest] 
 
(xiii) 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available Information: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Business Days (for the 
purposes 
of 
the 
Additional 
provisions 
applicable 
to 
Bond 
Linked Notes): 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 26.2] 
 
(xv) 
Default Requirement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Specify] 
 
 
(If not specified, Default Requirement will be USD 
10,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the 
relevant Credit Event). 
 
(xvi) 
Other applicable options 
as per the Additional 
provisions applicable to 
Bond Linked Notes: 
[Not Applicable] [Specify the source of Publicly 
Available Information which must be used when the 
Public Source is different from the sources specified 
in the Additional provisions applicable to Bond 
Linked Notes] [Specify the Specified Number if such 
number is different from the Specified Number 
anticipated in the Additional provisions applicable to 
Bond Linked Notes] [Specify the number of Business 
Days which must be used in relation to the definition 
of First Quotation Day if such number is different 
from the number anticipated in the Additional 
provisions applicable to Bond Linked Notes] 
 
(xvii) Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/[“greater than”/”greater than 
or equal to”/”less than”/less than or equal to” Knock-
in Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, deleted the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph)

--- Page 190 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
190 
 
 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day, [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-in Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-in 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-
in Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-in 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.] [] 
 
(xviii) Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/[“greater than”/”greater than 
or equal to”/”less than”/less than or equal to” Knock-
out Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, deleted the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is 
a Disrupted Day, [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-out 
Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-
out Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-out 
Period Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-out 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-out 
Determination Day.] [] 
 
(i) 
Rate 
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 191 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
191 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph 35(i)) 
 
(i) 
Manner in which the 
Underlying Rate is to be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/FBF Determination] 
 
(ii) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph 35(i)(ii)) 
 
- 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[The financial centre most closely connected to the 
Reference Rate] 
 
- Reference Rate(s): 
[specify relevant rate(s)] 
 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph 35(i)(iii)) 
 
- Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
 
- Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
 
- Reset Date: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph 35(i)(iv)) 
 
- Floating Rate: 
[] 
 
- FBF Definitions: (if 
different from those set out 
in the Conditions): 
[] 
 
(v) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. 
[The Averaging Dates are [].] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.]

--- Page 192 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
192 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Observation Date(s): 
[The 
Observation 
Date(s) 
is/are 
[]/Not 
Applicable].] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(vii) 
Observation Period(s): 
[specify/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Rate 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
(x) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[] 
 
(xi) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[eight]/[] 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to eight) 
 
(xii) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
(xiii) 
Valuation Date: 
[] 
 
(xiv) 
Formula to be used to 
determine the principal 
due: 
[Reverse Convertible with European Barrier] / 
[Reverse Convertible with American Barrier] / 
[Generic Reverse with European Barrier] / [Generic 
Short Call Spread] / [Lock-In] / [Autocall with 
[European/American] Barrier] / [Callable Stability] / 
[Call] 
/ 
[Bonus 
Certificate 
with 
[European/American] 
Barrier] 
/ 
[Shark] 
/ 
[Himalaya] / [Ladder Call Spread] / [Mountain 
Range] / [Parachute A] / [Parachute B] / 
[Dispersion]: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions (to determine the principal due) from the 
Technical Annex] 
 
(xv) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable / specify /["greater than"/"greater 
than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" 
the Knock-in Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph 35(i)(xv))

--- Page 193 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
193 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day, [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-in Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-in 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify / Each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-in Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-in 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xvi) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable / specify /["greater than"/"greater than 
or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" the 
Knock-out Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph 35(i)(xvi)) 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-out Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify / Each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-out Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-out Period 
Ending Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-out 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xvii) Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Not 
Applicable/specify/["greater 
than"/"greater 
than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] 
the Automatic Early Redemption Level] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph 35(i)(xvii))

--- Page 194 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
194 
 
 
 
(F) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(G) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify] 
 
(H) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Level: 
[specify] 
 
(I) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[specify] 
 
(J) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(j) 
Future 
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) Future/Basket of Futures: 
[] 
 
 
(Specify Weighting for Basket of Futures) 
 
(ii) Formula to be used to determine 
the principal due: 
[Reverse Convertible with European Barrier] / 
[Reverse Convertible with American Barrier] / 
[Autocall with [European/American] Barrier] / 
[Generic Reverse with European Barrier]/ [Generic 
Short Call Spread] / [Lock-In] / [Callable Stability] / 
[Call] 
/ 
[Bonus 
Certificate 
with 
[European/American] 
Barrier] 
/ 
[Shark] 
/ 
[Himalaya] / [Ladder Call Spread] / [Mountain 
Range] / [Parachute A] / [Parachute B] / 
[Dispersion]: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions (to determine the principal due) from the 
Technical Annex] 
 
(iii) 
Roll Adjustment 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Expiry Date: 
[] 
 
(v) 
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] []. 
 
(vi) 
Active Future Contract: 
[]

--- Page 195 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
195 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Next 
Active 
Future 
Contract: 
[] 
 
(viii) 
Initial Quantity Factor: 
[]/[As per Condition 28.7] 
 
(ix) 
Quantity 
Adjustment 
Factor: 
[Option Fixing Roll][Option TWAP Roll][As per 
Condition 28.7]/[] 
 
(x) 
Rolling Cost: 
[]/[As per Condition 28.7] 
 
(xi) 
Rolling Date(s): 
[]/[As per Condition 28.7] 
 
(xii) 
Rolling Time: 
[]/[As per Condition 28.7] 
 
(xiii) 
AFC 
Commencement 
Date: 
[] 
 
(xiv) 
AFC End Date: 
[] 
 
(xv) 
AFC_TWAPStartTime:  
[] 
 
(xvi) 
AFC_TWAPEndTime:  
[] 
 
(xvii) NAFC 
Commencement 
Date: 
[] 
 
(xviii) NAFC End Date: 
[] 
 
(xix) 
NAFC_TWAPStartTime:  
[] 
 
(xx) 
NAFC_TWAPEndTime:  
[] 
 
(xxi) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
(xxii) Valuation Date(s): 
[] 
 
(xxiii) Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Future Basis/All Future Basis/Per Future 
Basis/As per Condition 28.7] 
 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
 
(xxiv) Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Future Basis/All Future Basis/Per Future 
Basis/As per Condition 28.7] 
 
(xxv) Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Applicable in accordance with Condition 28.3]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
The following Additional Disruption Events apply to 
the Notes: 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies)

--- Page 196 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
196 
 
 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]  
 
 
[The Trade Date is []. 
 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Change of Law and/or 
Increased Cost of Hedging is applicable)] 
 
(xxvi) Other Events: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvii) Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[]/[eight] 
 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to eight) 
 
(xxviii) Payment Extension Days: 
[] (If no Payment Extension Days are stated, 
Payment Extension Days will be equal to two (2) 
Payment Business Days) 
 
(xxix) Observation Date: 
[The 
Observation 
Date(s) 
is/are 
[]/Not 
Applicable].] [In the event that an Observation Date 
is 
a 
Disrupted 
Date/[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(xxx) Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. 
[The Averaging Dates are [].] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(xxxi) Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
(xxxii) Knock-in Event:  
[Not Applicable / specify /["greater than"/"greater 
than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" 
the Knock-in Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day, [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-in Level: 
[Specify]

--- Page 197 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
197 
 
 
 
(B) 
Knock-in 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify / Each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-in Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-in 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xxxiii) Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable / specify /["greater than"/"greater 
than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" 
the Knock-out Level]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply.] 
 
(A) 
Knock-out Level: 
[Specify] 
 
(B) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify / Each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-out Determination Period] 
 
(C) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(D) 
Knock-out Period 
Ending Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(E) 
Knock-out 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.]/[] 
 
(xxxiv) Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Not 
Applicable/specify/["greater 
than"/"greater 
than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] 
the Automatic Early Redemption Price] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify]

--- Page 198 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
198 
 
 
 
(B) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify] 
 
(C) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Price: 
[specify] 
 
(D) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[specify] 
 
(E) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
36. 
 Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(a) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
taxation reasons or on Event of 
Default: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] / [Fair Market Value] 
 
(b) 
Early Redemption Unwind Costs 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Standard Early Redemption Unwind Costs/insert 
other] 
37. 
 Provisions 
applicable 
to 
Physical 
Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[(a) 
Entitlement in relation to each 
Note: 
Entitlement in relation to each Note is [Specify] 
 
[(b) 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[As specified above]/The relevant asset[s] to which 
the Notes relate [is/are] [specify]. 
 
[(c) 
Settlement Business Day(s): 
[Specify] 
38. 
 Variation of Settlement: 
 
 
(a) 
Issuer's option to vary settlement 
The Issuer [has/does not have] the option to vary 
settlement in respect of the Notes. 
 
(b) 
Variation 
of 
Settlement 
of 
Physical Delivery Notes: 
[Notwithstanding the fact that the Notes are Physical 
Delivery Notes, the Issuer may make payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date and the 
provisions of Condition [5.7(b) of the English Law

--- Page 199 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
199 
 
 
Notes]/[8.2 of the French Law Notes] will apply to 
the Notes./The Issuer will procure delivery of the 
Entitlement in respect of the Notes and the provisions 
of Condition [5.7(b) of the English Law Notes]/[8.2 
of the French Law Notes] will not apply to the 
Notes.] 
39. 
 Form of Notes: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Bearer 
Global 
Note 
which 
is 
exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes upon an 
Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date]] 
 
 
[Permanent 
Bearer 
Global 
Note 
which 
is 
exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes upon an 
Exchange Event]  
[Bearer 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
porteur)/ 
[fully/administered] Registered dematerialised form 
(au nominatif [pur/administré])]47 
 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in the 
"Form of the Notes" section in the base Prospectus 
and the Notes themselves. N.B. The option for an 
issue of Notes to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 
includes language substantially to the following 
effect: "[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including [€99,000].") 
 
Name and address of Registration 
Agent:48 
[Not Applicable]/[] 
 
New Global Note:49 
[Yes/No] 
                                                     
47 Insert as applicable where the Notes are French Law Notes. 
48 In relation to French Law Registered Notes only. 
49 You should only elect "yes" opposite "New Global Note" if you have elected "yes" to the Section in Part B under the heading "Operational 
Information" entitled "Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility".

--- Page 200 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
200 
 
 
40. 
 Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] (Note that this 
paragraph relates to the place of payment) 
41. 
 Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made / No] 
42. 
 Provisions relating to Instalment Notes: 
amount of each instalment, date on 
which each payment is to be made: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[] 
 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[]] 
43. 
 Redenomination provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition [3 of 
the English Law Notes]/[5 of the French Law Notes] 
apply] 
44. 
 Any applicable currency disruption50: 
[Not Applicable/As per Condition [5.8 of the English 
Law Notes]/[7.6 of the French Law Notes] 
 
 
[Alternate Settlement Currency: []] 
 
 
[Offshore CNY Centre: []] 
45. 
 Masse (Condition 15 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes)51: 
 
 
 
[Name and address of the Representative: [] 
 
 
Name and address of the alternative Representative: 
[] 
 
 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration./The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of [].]] / 
 
 
[As long as the Notes are held by a single Noteholder, 
and unless a Representative has been appointed in 
relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall 
exercise all the powers, rights and obligations 
entrusted to the Masse by the French Code de 
commerce. A Representative shall be appointed as 
soon as the Notes of a Series are held by more than 
one Noteholder.] / 
 
 
[No Masse shall apply.] 
                                                     
50 RMB Notes only. 
51 Applicable for French Law Notes only.

--- Page 201 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
201 
 
 
46. 
 Governing law: 
[English law] / [French law] 
[[] has been extracted from []. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
 _________________________  
Duly authorised

--- Page 202 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
202 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
[Not Applicable] /  
(a) 
[[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market, and listing on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange with effect from [        ].]   
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
a specific segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, to which only qualified 
investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access (in which case they shall not be 
offered or sold to non-qualified investors) and listing on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange with effect from [         ].]   
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market, with effect from [       ].] / [specify other 
regulated market] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on a specific segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, to which 
only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access (in which case they 
shall not be offered or sold to non-qualified investors) with effect from [         ].] / [specify other 
regulated market]  
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related to admission to trading: []] 
2. 
Ratings 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [have been][are expected to be] rated [] by [S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited/Moody's France S.A.S./Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and insert associated 
defined terms]. [Each such credit rating agency is established in the [European Union] and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the CRA Regulation). As such, each of [the rating 
agencies] is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.]  
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.) 
[[insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [is][are] not established in the United Kingdom and [is][are] 
not registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK CRA Regulation). The rating[s] of the Notes issued by [insert name of relevant EEA 
CRA(s)] [is][are]endorsed by [insert name of relevant UK CRA(s)], in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation and [has][have] not been withdrawn. [insert name of relevant UK CRA(s)] is established 
in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  As such, the rating[s] issued 
by [insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.]52 
                                                     
52 To be included only in the case of an issue for which placement in the UK is contemplated and the ratings of the notes issued by the EEA CRA are 
to be endorsed by a UK CRA.

--- Page 203 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
203 
 
 
3. 
Notification 
[The Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, which is the Luxembourg competent authority 
for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation, [has been requested to provide/has provided - include 
first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the update of the Programme and the 
second alternative for subsequent issues] the competent authorities of Belgium, Finland, France, 
Germany, The Netherlands, Spain and Sweden with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement(s)] [has]/[have] been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation.]/[Not Applicable.] 
4. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
[Not Applicable]/[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the issue or offer of the Notes has an interest material to the issue or offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
5. 
Use and Estimated Net Proceeds 
(a) 
Use of proceeds: 
[[]/[Not Applicable]] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph)] 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses, state amount and sources of 
other funding.) 
6. 
Fixed Rate Notes only – Yield 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraph of this paragraph) 
Indication of yield: 
[] 
7. 
Notes linked to a benchmark only – Benchmark 
[Not Applicable] / 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [EURIBOR/CMS][specify the 
applicable benchmark] which is provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), 
as amended (the Benchmarks Regulation). [As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions

--- Page 204 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
204 
 
 
in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [●] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).] 
8. 
Performance of Index/ Reference Entity/ Credit Index/ Equity/ Exchange Rate/ Commodity/ 
Fund / Interest Rate / Future, Explanation of Effect on Value of Investment and Associated Risks 
and Other Information concerning the Underlying 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the index/reference 
entity/credit index/equity/inflation/exchange rate/commodity/fund/future can be obtained.]  
[Name of the Issuer of the underlying security: 
[] 
ISIN Code of the underlying: 
[] 
Index Name: 
[] 
Underlying Interest Rate: 
[] 
Exercise price or final reference price of the 
underlying: 
[] 
Relevant weightings of each underlying on the 
basket: 
[] 
Source of information relating to the 
[index/indices]:  
[] 
Place where information to the [index/indices] 
can be obtained [but not] free of charge: 
[][give details of electronic means of obtaining 
the details of performance:] 
Expiration/Maturity date of derivative 
securities 
[] 
Exercise date or Final Observation Date 
[]] 
(Where the underlying is not an index need to include equivalent information. Where the underlying 
is a security need to include the name of the issuer of the security and the ISIN or equivalent 
identification number. Where the underlying is a basket of underlying, need to include the relevant 
weightings of each underlying is the basket.) 
9. 
Underlying Disclaimer53 
[For use in connection with credit index and Indices (including Inflation Indices)] 
[Not Applicable] 
                                                     
53 Include for Index Notes (including Inflation Linked Notes).

--- Page 205 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
205 
 
 
[The issue of this series of Notes (in this paragraph, the Transaction) is not sponsored, endorsed, sold, 
or promoted by [NAME OF INDEX] (the Index) or [NAME OF INDEX SPONSOR] (the Index 
Sponsor) and the Index Sponsor [makes any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, 
either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Index and/or the levels at which the Index 
stands at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. No Index or Index Sponsor shall be 
liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Index. No Index Sponsor 
is making any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of 
purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with entering into any Transaction. The Issuer shall not 
have any liability for any act or failure to act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation, 
adjustment or maintenance of the Index. Except as disclosed prior to the Issue Date, neither the Issuer 
nor its affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the Index or Index Sponsor or any control over 
the computation, composition or dissemination of the Index. Although the Calculation Agent will 
obtain information concerning the Index from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not 
independently verify this information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking 
(express or implied) is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its affiliates or the 
Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of information concerning the 
Index.] 
[] 
10. 
Operational Information 
(a) 
ISIN Code: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
[Euroclear France] 54 , Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
(d) 
Deemed delivery of clearing system 
notices for the purposes of Condition 
[13 of the English Law Notes]/[14 of the 
French Law Notes]: 
 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been 
given on the [second] [business] day after the 
day on which it was given to [Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] for English Law 
Notes)/[Euroclear France (for French Law 
Notes)].. 
(e) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment  
(f) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[          ][Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Banque de Luxembourg]/[Crédit Industriel et 
Commercial]/[other] [Not Applicable] 
                                                     
54 In relation to French Law Notes only.

--- Page 206 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
206 
 
 
(h) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Euro system eligibility55: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] / 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at anytime during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]]56 
11. 
Distribution 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(b) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(c) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[                ] 
(d) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(e) 
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
relevant [Manager]/[Dealer]: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(f) 
Total commission and concession: 
[                ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount 
(g) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(h) 
United States Tax Considerations: 
[The Notes are [not] Specified Notes for 
purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986. (Include the following 
                                                     
55 See Part A - "Form of Notes - New Global Note". 
56 Not applicable to French Law Notes.

--- Page 207 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
207 
 
 
wording 
if 
the 
Notes 
are 
Specified 
Notes)[Additional information regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Notes will 
be available from [give name(s) and address(es) 
of Issuer contact].]]/  
[As at the date of these Final Terms, the Issuer 
has not determined whether the Notes are 
Specified Notes for purposes of Section 871(m) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
however, indicatively it considers that they will 
[not] be Specified Notes for these purposes. This 
is indicative information only subject to change 
and if the Issuer’s final determination is different 
then it will give notice of such determination. 
Please contact [name(s) and address(es) of 
Issuer contact] for further information regarding 
the application of Section 871(m) to the 
Notes.]57 (The Notes will not be Specified Notes 
if they (i) are issued prior to 1 January 2025 and 
are not “delta-one” for U.S. tax purposes or (ii) 
do not reference any U.S. equity or any index 
that contains any component U.S. equity or 
otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to 
U.S. equities. If the Notes reference a U.S. equity 
or an index that contains a component U.S. 
equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities and (i) are issued prior 
to January 1, 2025 and provide a return that 
does not differ significantly from the return on 
an investment in the underlying, or (ii) are 
issued on or after January 1, 2025, further 
analysis would be required.) 
(i) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do constitute 
"packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared, “Not Applicable” 
should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(j) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Notes do constitute 
"packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared, "Not Applicable" 
                                                     
57 This formulation to be used if the Issuer has not made a determination regarding whether the Notes are Specified Notes as of the date of the Final 
Terms.

--- Page 208 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
208 
 
 
should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, 
"Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 209 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
 
 
209 
 
 
ANNEX 1 
ANNEX FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
(Insert the following table if “Type of Notes” is “Credit Linked” and there is more than one Reference Entity, 
and add as many lines as necessary) 
 
Reference Entities* 
Reference Obligation 
Transaction Type 
[[] or any Successor 
thereto] 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable: [Seniority Level: 
Senior Level / Subordinated Level 
/ As set out in the Conditions] / 
Not applicable: specify the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation] 
[specify] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
 
* If the Reference Entity or Reference Obligation comprises of a single entity or obligation, or in the case of a pool of underlying where a single 
reference entity or reference obligation represents 20 % or more of the pool, so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain from information 
published by the Reference Entity (or the issuer of the Reference Obligation), please also add ISIN, address, country of incorporation, industry or 
industries in which the Reference Entity (or the Issuer of the Reference Obligation) operates and the name of the market in which its securities are 
admitted. In the case of a pool of underlying where a single reference entity or reference obligation represents less than 20 % of the pool, please include 
names of the reference entities or issuers of the Reference Obligation and the ISIN.

--- Page 210 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
210 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes (the Notes) to be issued by Crédit 
Industriel et Commercial (the Issuer). The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Notes will 
complete the following Terms and Conditions.  
A French law agency agreement (such agency agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time, the French Law Agency Agreement) dated 21 June 2023 and made between the Issuer, 
BNP Paribas as principal paying agent (the Agent, which expression shall include any successor agent), BNP 
Paribas, Banque de Luxembourg or Crédit Industriel et Commercial as calculation agent (the Calculation 
Agent, which expression shall include (i) such other person appointed as calculation agent pursuant to a 
calculation agency agreement and (ii) any additional or successor calculation agent) and the other paying 
agents named therein (together with the Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any 
additional or successor paying agents) organises the service of payment and calculation in relation to the Notes.  
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in the Final Terms which complete 
these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions). References to the applicable Final Terms are to the Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof). 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and shall 
be construed as provided below.  
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects (including as to 
listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or 
Issue Prices.  
If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the 
applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) 
and on the website of the Issuer (https://www.cic-marketsolutions.eu/fr/kidemtncic.aspx ). The applicable 
Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and 
identity. The Noteholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of 
the French Law Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them.  
1. 
FORM AND DENOMINATION 
The Notes are issued in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified 
Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms. This Note is, to the extent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a Note linked 
to the underlying reference asset(s) (an Underlying Reference(s)) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms such as a Credit Linked Note, an Index Linked Note, an Equity Linked Note, an Inflation Linked 
Note, a Currency Linked Note, a Commodity Linked Note, a Fund Linked Note, a Bond Linked Note, 
a Rate Linked Note, a Future Linked Note or any appropriate combination thereof.  
The Index Linked Notes, the Inflation Linked Notes, the Currency Linked Notes, the Commodity 
Linked Notes, the Fund Linked Notes, the Bond Linked Notes, the Rate Linked Notes and the Future 
Linked Notes are Cash Settled Notes. In the case of any Equity Linked Notes or Credit Linked Notes 
the applicable Final Terms will specify whether the Notes are Cash Settled Notes or Physical Delivery 
Notes. Save as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, Cash Settled Notes will be redeemed 
by the payment to the Noteholders of such amount as is specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
Physical Delivery Notes will be redeemed by the delivery of the Relevant Asset(s) specified in the

--- Page 211 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
211 
 
 
applicable Final Terms. Such Relevant Asset(s) shall not contain any share of the Issuer or of any 
consolidated subsidiary of the Issuer. 
In addition, the Notes issued under the Programme are not exchangeable for or convertible into shares 
within the meaning of Article 19 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended.  
1.1 
Form of Notes 
The Notes are issued, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, in (i) bearer dematerialised form (au 
porteur) only, in which case they are inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central 
depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders (as defined below), 
in (ii) registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) only and, in such case, at the option of the relevant 
Noteholder, (a) in administered registered dematerialised form (au nominatif administré) in which 
case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Euroclear France Account Holders designated by the 
relevant Noteholders or in (b) fully registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an 
account maintained by the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf 
of the Issuer (the Registration Agent).  
For the purpose of these Conditions, Euroclear France Account Holder means any authorised 
intermediary institution entitled to hold directly or indirectly accounts on behalf of its customers with 
Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The Notes shall constitute obligations within the meaning of Article L. 213-5 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. 
1.2 
Denomination  
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination as set out in the relevant Final Terms (the Specified 
Denomination). The Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
1.3 
Conversion and exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be converted into Notes in 
registered dematerialised form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(b) 
Notes initially issued in registered form (au nominatif) only may not be converted into Notes 
in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(c) 
Notes issued in fully registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of 
the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder 
shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
2. 
TITLE 
(a) 
Title to the Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 
of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No 
physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Notes. Title to Notes 
issued in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders. Title to Notes

--- Page 212 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
212 
 
 
issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes 
may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the 
Registration Agent. 
(b) 
In these Conditions, holder of Notes or holder of any Note or Noteholder means the person 
whose name appears in the account of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holder or the 
Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES  
The Notes are direct, unconditional, senior preferred (within the meaning of Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° 
of the French Code monétaire et financier) and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other 
unconditional, senior preferred and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
By the effect of the exercise of the bail-in power by the relevant resolution authority of the Issuer, the 
outstanding amount of Notes may notably be reduced (in whole or in part), converted into shares (in 
whole or in part) or cancelled and/or the maturity of the Notes or the amount of interest or the date on 
which the interest becomes payable may be amended. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not create or have outstanding any 
mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (sûreté réelle) (each a Security Interest) upon, 
or with respect to, any of its present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any 
uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below), unless the Issuer, in the case 
of the creation of a Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, takes 
any and all action necessary to ensure that the Issuer's obligations under the Notes either: 
(a) 
are secured by the Security Interest equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness; or 
(b) 
have the benefit of such other Security Interest, guarantee, indemnity or other arrangement 
(whether or not it includes the giving of a Security Interest) as shall be approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders.  
For the purposes of this Condition 4, Relevant Indebtedness means (i) any present or future 
indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any 
notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities which (with the consent of the 
issuer of the indebtedness) are for the time being quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock 
exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market, and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity in respect 
of any such indebtedness. 
5. 
REDENOMINATION 
5.1 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, 
without the consent of the Noteholders on giving prior notice to the Agent and Euroclear France and 
at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, elect that, with effect 
from the Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the Notes shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows:

--- Page 213 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
213 
 
 
(a) 
the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated into euro in the denomination of euro 0.01 
with a principal amount for each Note equal to the principal amount of that Note in the 
Specified Currency, converted into euro at the Established Rate, provided that, if the Issuer 
determines, with the agreement of the Agent, that the then market practice in respect of the 
redenomination into euro of internationally offered securities is different from the provisions 
specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such 
market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, the stock exchange (if 
any) on which the Notes may be listed and the Paying Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(b) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph (d) 
below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated by reference to the 
aggregate principal amount of Notes held for payment by the relevant holder and the amount 
of such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01; 
(c) 
the payment obligations contained in any Notes issued prior to the Redenomination Date will 
also become void on that date although those Notes will continue to constitute valid exchange 
obligations of the Issuer. New euro-denominated Notes will be issued in exchange for Notes 
denominated in the Specified Currency in such manner as the Agent may specify and as shall 
be notified to the Noteholders in the Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice may be given less 
than 15 days prior to any date for payment of principal or interest on the Notes; 
(d) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes other than payments of 
interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date, will be made 
solely in euro as though references in the Notes to the Specified Currency were to euro. 
Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee; 
(e) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on a Fixed 
Interest Date, it will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, 
and multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention; 
(f) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify any relevant 
changes to the provisions relating to interest; and 
(g) 
such other changes shall be made to these Conditions as the Issuer may decide, after 
consultation with the Agent, and as may be specified in the notice, to conform them to 
conventions then applicable to instruments denominated in euro. 
5.2 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Established Rate means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including compliance 
with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Union regulations) into euro 
established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 of the Treaty; 
Euro or euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty; 
Redenomination Date means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment of interest 
under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in each case specified by the Issuer

--- Page 214 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
214 
 
 
in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to paragraph (a) above and which falls on or after the 
date on which the country of the Specified Currency first participates in the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union; and 
Treaty means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
6. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are (i) Fixed Rate Notes, (ii) Floating Rate 
Notes, (iii) Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, (iv) Zero Coupon Notes or (v) Notes linked to an underlying 
reference asset(s) such as Credit Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes, Equity 
Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, Bond 
Linked Notes, Rate Linked Notes, Future Linked Notes or any combination thereof. 
6.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 6.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 6.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. 
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of 
Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable 
Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any applicable Determination 
Date. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Fixed Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear or in advance 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Interest Payment Date(s) up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date.   
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period such interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount and multiplying such sum by 
the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention.  
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the Paying Agents and 
to be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
fourth Business Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest per Calculation 
Amount shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with this provision but no publication of the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount so calculated need be made.  
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 6.1: 
(a) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 215 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
215 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year;  
(b) 
if 30/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(c) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365; and 
(d) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but excluding 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
Reference Banks means five major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market 
(or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the Reference Rate (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant Reference Rate, shall be the 
Eurozone);  
Reference Rate means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms which shall be either the 
Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), the constant maturity swap rate (CMS), the Eurozone 
inflation index (CPTFEMU), the Euro Short-Term Rate (€STR) or the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate (SOFR) (or any successor or replacement rate); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent.

--- Page 216 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
216 
 
 
6.2 
Interest on variable interest Notes 
This Condition 6.2 applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 6.2 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating 
Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any Specified Interest Payment 
Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any 
Additional Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination, FBF Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the party who will calculate the amount of interest 
due if it is not the Calculation Agent, the Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates, the Day 
Count Fraction and any formula that applies the calculation of interest. Where ISDA Determination 
applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity, Reset Date and any applicable multiplier or leverage factor 
(a Leverage). Where Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable 
Final Terms will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, Relevant Financial Centre, Interest 
Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page. 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Floating Rate Note or other 
Note which is subject to a variable rate of interest (any such Note or Floating Rate Note, a 
Variable Interest Note), bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear or in advance as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls on the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In the Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the 
relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 6.2(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month

--- Page 217 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
217 
 
 
which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest 
Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions and unless otherwise specified, Business Day means a day which is both: 
I. 
a day on which real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem or any successor or replacement for that system  (the T2) 
is operating (a T2 Business Day) and a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each Additional Business Centre specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; and 
II. 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other 
than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or 
New Zealand dollars or Renminbi shall be Sydney, Auckland and 
Hong Kong, Beijing and the Offshore CNY Centre, respectively) or 
(ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, T2 Business Day.  
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Variable Interest Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), "ISDA 
Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent were 
acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 218 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
218 
 
 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. A copy of the ISDA Definitions may be obtained from the Issuer. 
(ii) 
FBF Determination 
(A) 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest 
will be payable on such dates, at such a rate (the FBF Rate) and in such 
amounts, plus or minus the Margin (if any), as would have been payable 
(regardless of any event of default or termination event thereunder) by the 
Issuer if it had entered into an interest rate swap transaction governed by an 
agreement in the form of the Master Agreement relating to transactions on 
forward financial instruments incorporating the FBF Definitions (a FBF 
Agreement), as in effect on the date of issue of the Notes, published by the 
Fédération Bancaire Française (the FBF) and evidenced by a Confirmation 
(as defined in the FBF Agreement) with the holder of the relevant Note under 
which: 
I. 
the Issuer was the Floating Amount Payer; 
II. 
the Agent (as defined herein) was the Agent (as defined in the FBF 
Agreement) or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
III. 
the Interest Commencement Date was the Transaction Date; 
IV. 
the lowest Specified Denomination was the Notional Amount; 
V. 
the Interest Payment Dates were the Floating Amount Payment 
Dates; and 
VI. 
all other terms were as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
FBF Definitions means the definitions set out in the FBF Master Agreement as 
supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs Techniques) as published by the 
FBF (a copy of which may be obtained free of charge on the FBF website at 
http://www.fbf.fr/en/banking-issues/agreements-and-conventions/fbf-master-
agreement-relating-to-transactions-on-forward-financial-instruments), 
unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(B) 
When paragraph (A) above applies, in respect of each relevant Interest 
Payment Date: 
I. 
the amount of interest determined for such Interest Payment Date will 
be the Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period for the 
purposes of these Conditions as though determined under paragraph 
(d) below;

--- Page 219 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
219 
 
 
II. 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period will be the Floating Rate 
(as defined in the FBF Agreement) determined by the Agent in 
accordance with paragraph (A) above; and 
III. 
the Agent will be deemed to have discharged its obligations under 
paragraph (d) below if it has determined the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amount payable on such Interest Payment Date in the 
manner provided in the preceding sentence. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below or (if 
applicable) to Condition 6.2(b)(iv) below, be either: 
I. 
the offered quotation; or 
II. 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate(s) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Screen Page at the Specified 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
(B) 
In the event that the Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, 
no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than 
three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in 
the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of 
the offered quotation for the Reference Rate(s) provided by each of the 
Reference Banks at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(C) 
If fewer than two of such banks are quoting to leading banks in the Relevant 
Financial Centre, the Interest Rate shall (unless otherwise specified) be the 
Interest Rate determined on the previous Interest Determination Date (after 
readjustment for any difference between any Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Period and to 
the relevant Interest Period). 
(D) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being 
€STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the 
daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any)

--- Page 220 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
220 
 
 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+
€STRi-pTBD × ni
360
) -1
d0
i=1
] × 360
d  
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 
Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) 
has occurred, the €STR for such T2 Business Day shall be the rate equal 
to €STR in respect of the last T2 Business Day for which such rate was 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 
Business Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate of €STR for each 
T2 Business Day in the relevant €STR Observation Period on or after 
such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end 
of the first T2 Business Day following the date on which the €STR 
Index Cessation Event occurs, then the rate of €STR for each T2 
Business Day in the relevant €STR Observation Period on or after the 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently 
occur, then the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant 
€STR Observation Period occurring on or after that ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined 
as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective 
for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall be published 
by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of 
Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period) 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate 
of Interest shall be determined as if the rate of €STR for each T2 
Business Day in the relevant €STR Observation Period on or after such 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest

--- Page 221 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
221 
 
 
published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later 
date than the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified 
EDFR.  
For the purpose of this paragraph (e): 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do is the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
ECB Recommended Rate means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for €STR by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose 
of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced 
by the European Central Bank or another administrator), as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event means the 
occurrence of one or more of the following events, as determined by the 
Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
(1) a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
(2) a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of 
the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide 
the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date means, in 
respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date 
on which the ECB Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 222 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
222 
 
 
ECB €STR Guideline means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European 
Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) 
(ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
EDFR means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit 
facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the 
Eurosystem (comprising the European Central Bank and the national central 
banks of those countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on the 
Website of the European Central Bank; 
EDFR Spread means: 
(i) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the 
end of the first T2 Business Day following the date on which the €STR 
Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily 
difference between the €STR and the EDFR for each of the 30 (thirty) 
T2 Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the €STR 
Index Cessation Event occurred; or 
(ii) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event 
occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB 
Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 (thirty) T2 
Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
€STR means, in respect of any T2 Business Day, the interest rate representing 
the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in 
the Euro area provided by the European Central Bank as administrator of such 
rate (or any successor administrator) and published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt 
time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is published as provided in 
Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. 
(Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) on the T2 Business Day 
immediately following such T2 Business Day; 
€STRi-pTBD means, in respect of any T2 Business Day falling in the relevant 
€STR Observation Period, the €STR for the T2 Business Day falling “p” T2 
Business Days prior to the relevant T2 Business Day “i”; 
€STR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent: 
(1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide €STR; or 
(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the 
currency of €STR, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the

--- Page 223 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
223 
 
 
administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, which states that 
the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide €STR; 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR), as 
determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
€STR Observation Period means in respect of any Interest Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” T2 Business Days prior to the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period (and the first €STR Observation Period shall 
begin on and include the date falling “p” T2 Business Days prior to the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling 
“p” T2 Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date of such Interest 
Period (or the date falling “p” T2 Business Day prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
T2 Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, to, but excluding, the Interest 
Payment Date corresponding to such Interest Period; 
Modified EDFR means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR 
Spread; 
ni for any T2 Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, the relevant T2 Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the 
immediately following T2 Business in the relevant Interest Period; 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
p means in relation to any Interest Period, the number of T2 Business Days 
included in the Observation Look-Back Period; and 
Website of the European Central Bank means the website of the European 
Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website 
officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
(E) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being 
SOFR, the basis of SOFR rate of interest determination (the SOFR Rate of 
Interest Determination), for which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
will be either SOFR Arithmetic Mean, SOFR Lockout Compound, SOFR 
Lookback Compound, SOFR Shift Compound or SOFR Index Average, as 
specified in the Final Terms, as follows: 
(1) 
if SOFR Arithmetic Mean is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be the

--- Page 224 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
224 
 
 
arithmetic mean of the SOFR rates for each day during the period, 
plus or minus (as specified in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any), as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final 
Terms), where the SOFR rate on the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date shall 
be used for the days in the period from (and including) the SOFR Rate 
Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date (excluded); 
(2) 
if SOFR Lockout Compound is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND plus or 
minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(3) 
if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or 
minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(4) 
if SOFR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(5) 
if SOFR Index Average is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Rate if Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
For the purpose of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(E): 
If the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer determines 
on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent 
dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer will have the right 
to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, any determination, decision or election that may be made 
by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer pursuant 
to this Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(E), including any determination with respect to a 
tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action 
or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; (ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent or another entity 
appointed by the Issuer, as applicable; and (iii) notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in the documentation relating to the Programme or the Notes, 
shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any 
other party.

--- Page 225 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
225 
 
 
USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) on the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day following each SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, as follows, with the resulting 
percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+ SOFR𝑖× n𝑖
360
) -1
d0
𝑖=1
] × 360
d  
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
d0, for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Interest Period, means the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up 
to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (i+1); 
SOFRi means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
that is a SOFR Interest Reset Date, SOFR in respect of this SOFR 
Interest Reset Date; 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date means the date that is the second U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period or such other date 
specified in the Final Terms; 
SOFR Interest Reset Date means each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; provided, however, that 
the SOFR with respect to each SOFR Interest Reset Date in the period 
from and including, the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, 
the corresponding Interest Payment Date of an Interest Period, will 
be the SOFR with respect to the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for such 
Interest Period; 
USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a 
daily compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows,

--- Page 226 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
226 
 
 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+
SOFRi-pUSGSBD × ni
360
) -1
d0
i=1
] × 360
d  
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
d0, for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
Interest Determination Date means, in respect of each Interest 
Period, the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days before each Interest Payment Date; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Interest Period, means the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up 
to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (i+1); 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the Final Terms; 
p means in relation to any Interest Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation 
Look-Back Period; 
SOFRi-pUSGSBD means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest Period, the SOFR for 
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day “i”. 
USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+ SOFR𝑖× n𝑖
360
) -1
d0
𝑖=1
] × 360
d  
Where:

--- Page 227 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
227 
 
 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
d0, for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Observation Period, means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (i+1); 
Observation Period means, in respect of each Interest Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling a number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days equal to the Observation Shift 
Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to (but excluding) 
the date falling a number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days equal to the number of Observation Shift Days, preceding the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
Observation Shift Days means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
SOFRi means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
falling in the relevant Observation Period, the SOFR in respect of that 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”. 
USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE means the rate of return of a compounded 
average interest investment (with the SOFR Index as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
𝑑𝑐
) 
Where: 
SOFR IndexStart means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms preceding the first date of the relevant 
Interest Period (a SOFR Index Determination Date). 
SOFR IndexEnd means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms preceding the Interest Payment Date relating

--- Page 228 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
228 
 
 
to such Interest Period (or in the final Interest Period, the Maturity 
Date). 
dc means the number of calendar days from (and including) the 
SOFR IndexStart to (but excluding) the SOFR IndexEnd. 
Subject to paragraph (3) below, if the SOFR Index is not published 
on any relevant SOFR Index Determination Date and a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have not occurred, the “USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE” shall 
be calculated on any Interest Determination Date with respect to an 
Interest 
Period, 
in 
accordance 
with 
“USD-SOFR-SHIFT-
COMPOUND” and the term “Observation Shift Days” shall mean 
two U.S. Government Securities Business Days. If a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, the provisions set forth in the definition of 
“SOFR” below shall apply. 
SOFR means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(1)  
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as published by the New York 
Federal Reserve, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor 
administrator), on the New York Federal Reserve’s (or such 
successor administrator’s) Website on or about 3:00 p.m. (New York 
City time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (the SOFR Determination Time); or 
(2)  
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day does not appear as specified in 
paragraph (i) above, unless both a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate in respect of the last U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which such rate was published on the 
New York Federal Reserve’s (or such successor administrator’s) 
Website; or 
(3) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, 
(i)  
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for 
the applicable corresponding tenor and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment, 
(ii)  
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, or 
(iii)  
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed 
by the Issuer as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current

--- Page 229 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
229 
 
 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes 
at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment. 
SOFR Index means the SOFR Index in relation to any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as published on the New York Federal Reserve’s (or 
such successor administrator’s) Website.  
Benchmark means, initially, SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to the SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” 
means the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order 
presented in clause (3) of the definition of “SOFR” that can be determined by 
the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date. 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth 
in the order below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or another 
entity appointed by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement; 
(2)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent 
to the ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(3)  
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected by the Calculation Agent or another entity 
appointed by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement 
for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time. 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including changes to the definition of “Interest Period”, timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Calculation 
Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer decide may be appropriate to 
reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent or 
another entity appointed by the Issuer decide that adoption of any portion of 
such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation 
Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer determine that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner 
as the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer determine 
is reasonably necessary).

--- Page 230 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
230 
 
 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(1)  
in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on 
which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(2) 
in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will 
be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such 
determination. 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(1)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing 
that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component); 
(2)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or 
such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency 
or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, 
which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(3)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that 
the Benchmark is no longer representative. 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor

--- Page 231 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
231 
 
 
thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor 
definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time. 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor. 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
New York Federal Reserve means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
New York Federal Reserve’s Website means the website of the New York 
Federal Reserve, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor 
website of the New York Federal Reserve or the website of any successor 
administrator of SOFR. 
Reference Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means 
(i) if the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time and (ii) if the 
Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by the Calculation Agent or 
another entity appointed by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes. 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York or any successor thereto. 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USGSBD means any day 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(iv) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Subject to Condition 9.12, where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time 
when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for any remaining rate of 
interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and shall prevail 
over other fallbacks specified in Condition 6.2(b) (for the avoidance of doubt, it shall 
not apply to €STR and SOFR).

--- Page 232 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
232 
 
 
(A) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
6.2(b)(iv)(B)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance 
with Condition 6.2(b)(iv)(C)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Condition 6.2(b)(iv)(D)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.2(b)(iv) shall 
act in good faith as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall 
have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for determining 
the Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms, or the Noteholders 
for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 6.2(b)(iv). 
(B) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
I. 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 6.2(b)(iv)(D)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant 
Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 6.2(b)(iv)); or 
II. 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 6.2(b)(iv)(D)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest 
(or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of 
this Condition 6.2(b)(iv)). 
(C) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines in good faith (i) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for 
each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable). 
(D) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with this Condition 6.2(b)(iv) and the Independent Adviser 
determines in good faith (i) that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions of 
Day Count Fraction, Business Days, or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or

--- Page 233 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
233 
 
 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and 
(ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 6.2(b)(iv)(E), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
6.2(b)(iv), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(E) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent 
Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, 
the Representative (if any) and, in accordance with Condition 14, the 
Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment 
Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined 
under this Condition 6.2(b)(iv). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(F) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined pursuant to this provision, the fallback provision for the Original 
Reference Rate specified in Condition 6.2(b)(iii), namely the Rate of Interest 
determined on the preceding Interest Determination Date will continue to 
apply to such determination (though substituting, where a different Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place 
of the Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period).  
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 6.2(b)(iv), 
mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or 
Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and notified in accordance 
with this Condition 6.2(b)(iv) (and, until such determination and notification 
(if any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and 
Conditions including, for the avoidance of doubt, the other fallbacks specified 
in Condition 6.2(b), will continue to apply in accordance with their terms). 
This may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period 
being the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period in question. 
(G) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 6.2(b)(iv): 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either

--- Page 234 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
234 
 
 
case, which the Independent Adviser determines and which is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to 
reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
I. 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body;  
II. 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate 
where I. above does not apply), is in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital market for transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); or 
III. 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made 
available), or the Independent Adviser determines there is no such 
spread, formula or methodology in customary market usage, the 
Independent Adviser, acting in good faith, determines to be 
appropriate; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 6.2(b)(iv) 
and which is customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes; 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
I. 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published;  
II. 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified 
date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date 
specified in (i); 
III. 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued;  
IV. 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to 
the date specified in (i);

--- Page 235 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
235 
 
 
V. 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will 
be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case within 
the following six months;  
VI. 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate, in the opinion of the supervisor, is no longer 
representative of an underlying market or that its method of 
calculation has significantly changed; 
VII. 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become 
unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate 
of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other party specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended, if applicable); 
or 
VIII. 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant 
to Article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended) of any benchmark administrator previously 
authorised to publish such Original Reference Rate has been adopted; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with 
appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under 
Condition 6.2(b)(iv)(A); 
Original Reference Rate means the Reference Rate, benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining the 
relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the 
Notes; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable): 
I. 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
II. 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired 
by or constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency 
to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof; and

--- Page 236 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
236 
 
 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body, and if, following a Benchmark Event, two or more successor or 
replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Independent Adviser, shall determine which of those successor or 
replacement rates is most appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, the 
particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer.  
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.  
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined (the Interest Determination Date), determine the Rate of Interest 
for the relevant Interest Period.  
Save as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, or in circumstances where FBF 
Determination is applicable, the Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the 
Interest Amount) payable in respect of Variable Interest Notes for the relevant Interest Period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount and multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention.  
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 6.2: 
(i) 
if Actual/365 or Actual/Actual is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if Actual/365 – FBF is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the Interest Period and whose 
denominator is 365. If part of the Interest period falls in a leap year, Actual/365 – FBF 
shall mean the sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days 
elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator is 365 and (ii) the fraction 
whose numerator is the number of actual days elapsed during the leap year and whose 
denominator is 366; 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365;

--- Page 237 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
237 
 
 
(iv) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment 
Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (a) the 
last day of the Interest Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Interest 
Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month 
that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, 
or (b) the last day of the Interest Period is the last day of the month of February, in 
which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-
day month)); and 
(vii) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to the date of 
the first day or last day of the Interest Period unless, in the case of an Interest Period 
ending on the Maturity Date, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of 
February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month). 
(e) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any 
stock exchange on which the relevant Variable Interest Notes are for the time being listed (by 
no later than the first day of each Interest Period or if that is impracticable, as soon as 
reasonably practicable upon the determination of such Rate of Interest and Interest Amount). 
Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  
(f) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 6, by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents, and all 
Noteholders , and (in the absence of wilful default, fraud or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer 
and the Noteholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or 
non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
6.3 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may elect to convert on the date 
set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed 
Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate 
to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms.

--- Page 238 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
238 
 
 
6.4 
Interest on Fixed or Floating or Zero Coupon/Structured Notes  
Fixed or Floating or Zero Coupon/Structured Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may 
elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate or Floating Rate or Zero 
Coupon to a rate linked to an Underlying Reference, or from a rate linked to an Underlying Reference 
as specified in the Final Terms and determined in accordance with the Technical Annex to a Fixed or 
Floating Rate or Zero Coupon or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed or Floating Rate or 
Zero Coupon to a rate linked to an Underlying Reference or from a rate linked to an Underlying 
Reference to a Fixed or Floating Rate or Zero Coupon on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
6.5 
Interest on Combined Notes 
The Interest Rate of Combined Notes is a combination of several Interest Rates during the lifetime of 
the Notes between a Fixed Rate and/or a Floating Rate and/or a Zero Coupon and/or a rate linked to 
an Underlying Reference as specified in the Final Terms and determined in accordance with the 
Technical Annex (i) that the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms or (ii) 
that will automatically change on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
6.6 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal (and/or 
delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount (if applicable)) is improperly withheld or refused. In such 
event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14. 
6.7 
Formulae for the calculation of interest 
Interest on the Notes will be determined in accordance with the formulae set out in the Technical 
Annex if specified in the applicable Final Terms. The applicable Day Count Fraction will be as defined 
in Conditions 6.1 and 6.2 above. 
7. 
PAYMENTS 
7.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen 
to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with a 
bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars, New Zealand dollars or Renminbi, shall be Sydney, 
Auckland and the Offshore CNY Centre, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee.

--- Page 239 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
239 
 
 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10, (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 10) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto and (iii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code (871(m) Withholding). In addition, in 
determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed with respect to any amounts to be paid on 
the Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any “dividend equivalent” (as defined for purposes 
of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments regardless of any 
exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law. 
Payments on the Notes that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities may be 
calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70%. In 
such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, and the 
Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30% of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 
871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional 
amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
7.2 
Payments in respect of Notes  
Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall (in the case of Notes in bearer 
dematerialised form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to the account denominated 
in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and, (in the 
case of Notes in fully registered form), to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a bank 
designated by the Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Account Holders will be an 
effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
7.3 
Appointment of Agents 
The Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Registration Agent initially appointed by 
the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed at the end of the Base Prospectus relating to 
the Programme of the Notes of the Issuer. The Agent, the Paying Agents and the Registration Agent 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in 
each such case, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Agent, any other Paying 
Agent, Registration Agent or Calculation Agent and to appoint other Agent, Paying Agent(s), 
Registration Agent(s) or Calculation Agent(s) or additional Paying Agent(s), Registration Agent(s) or 
Calculation Agent(s), provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Agent, (ii) one or more 
Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a 
Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) Paying Agents having specified offices in 
at least two major European cities provided that (A) so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on, 
and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules applicable to that 
Regulated Market so require, the Issuer will maintain a Paying Agent in Luxembourg, and (B) so long 
as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules applicable to that Regulated Market 
so require, the Issuer will maintain a Paying Agent allowed to provide in France services relating to 
issues of securities within the meaning of Directive 2006/48/EC relating to the taking up and pursuit 
of the business of credit institutions, (v) in the case of dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, a 
Registration Agent, and (vi) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock 
exchange on which the Notes may be listed and admitted to trading. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14.

--- Page 240 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
240 
 
 
7.4 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or interest is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 11) is a day on which: 
(a) 
Euroclear France is opened for business; 
(b) 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each 
Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars, New Zealand dollars or Renminbi shall be Sydney, 
Auckland and Hong Kong, Beijing and the Offshore CNY Centre, respectively) or (B) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 is open. 
7.5 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 10; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts;  
(f) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 9.7); 
and 
(g) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 10. 
Any reference in this Condition 7 to payment or repayment (as the case may be) of principal and/or 
interest and other similar expressions shall, where the context so admits, be deemed to refer also to 
delivery of any Asset Amount relating to Physical Delivery Notes. 
7.6 
Payment in Alternate Settlement Currency 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, if the Calculation Agent determines, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, that a CNY Disruption Event has occurred or is likely to occur and that 
such CNY Disruption Event is material in relation to the Issuer’s payment obligations under the Notes

--- Page 241 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
241 
 
 
in respect of any forthcoming payment dates (each date, an Affected Payment Date), then the Issuer 
may, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine to take any one or more of the following actions: 
(a) 
the relevant payment by the Issuer shall be postponed to 15 Business Days after the date on 
which the CNY Disruption Event ceases to exist or, if that would not be possible (as 
determined by the Issuer acting in good faith), as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter; 
(b) 
that the Issuer’s obligations to payment in CNY under the terms of the Notes be replaced by 
an obligation to pay such amount in the Alternate Settlement Currency as specified in the Final 
Terms (converted at the Alternate Settlement Rate as determined by the Calculation Agent as 
of a time selected in good faith by the Calculation Agent); and 
(c) 
that the Notes be redeemed in full and not in part and each Note being redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Any payments, either in CNY or in the Alternate Settlement Currency, made by the Issuer with respect 
to its obligations relating to any Affected Payment Date shall be full and final settlement of its 
obligations to pay such amounts under the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no amount of interest shall be payable in respect of any delay in payment 
of any amounts due to the adjustment of any Affected Payment Date. 
Payments of the relevant principal or interest in respect of the Notes in the Alternate Settlement 
Currency shall be made by transfer to the account denominated in the Alternate Settlement Currency 
of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and (in the case of Notes in fully 
registered form) to an account denominated in the Alternate Settlement Currency with a bank 
designated by the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, no such payment in the Alternate 
Settlement Currency shall by itself constitute a default in payment within the meaning of Condition 
12. 
Upon the occurrence of a CNY Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice, as soon as practicable 
in accordance with Condition 14, to the Noteholders stating the occurrence of the CNY Disruption 
Event and of the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7.6 by the Calculation Agent, will (in 
the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all Noteholders. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7: 
Alternate Settlement Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Alternate Settlement Rate means the spot exchange rate between CNY and the Alternate Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent, taking into consideration all available information 
which the Calculation Agent deems relevant (including, but not limited to, the pricing information 
obtained from the CNY non-deliverable market outside the PRC and/or the CNY exchange market 
inside the PRC); 
CNY means the lawful currency of PRC (including any lawful successor currency to the CNY); 
CNY Disruption Event means any one of CNY Illiquidity, CNY Inconvertibility and CNY Non-
Transferability;

--- Page 242 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
242 
 
 
CNY Illiquidity means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible (where it had previously 
been possible) for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to obtain a firm quote in respect of any amounts 
of CNY as may be required to be paid by the Issuer under the Notes on any payment date or such other 
amount as may be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, either in 
one transaction or a commercially reasonable number of transactions in the general CNY exchange 
market in each Offshore CNY Centre in order to perform its obligations under the Notes. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the inability for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to obtain such firm quote 
solely due to issues relating to its creditworthiness shall not constitute CNY Illiquidity; 
CNY Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible (where it had 
previously been possible), impracticable or illegal for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to convert 
any amounts into or from CNY as may be required to be paid by the Issuer under the Notes on any 
payment date or such other amount as may be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion at the general CNY exchange market in each Offshore CNY Centre other than 
where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of that party to 
comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule 
or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes and it is impossible for the 
Issuer and/or any of its affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer or the relevant 
affiliate, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
CNY Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, impracticable 
or illegal for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to transfer CNY (i) between accounts inside an 
Offshore CNY Centre, (ii) from an account inside an Offshore CNY Centre to an account outside such 
Offshore CNY Centre and outside the PRC, or (iii) from an account outside an Offshore CNY Centre 
and outside the PRC to an account inside such Offshore CNY Centre, other than where such 
impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of the Issuer and/or the relevant 
affiliate to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless 
such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer and/or 
any of its affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer and/or the relevant affiliate, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of the PRC 
and each Offshore CNY Centre; 
Offshore CNY Centre means any offshore financial centre outside of PRC where PBOC had 
established its Renminbi clearing and settlement system for participating banks in that centre and 
specified in the Final Terms. If no Offshore CNY Centre is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Offshore CNY Centre shall mean Hong Kong only; 
PBOC means the People’s Bank of China; and 
PRC means the People’s Republic of China (excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region 
of the People’s Republic of China, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic 
of China and Taiwan). 
For the avoidance of doubt, references to “general CNY exchange market in each Offshore CNY 
Centre” in the definitions of CNY Illiquidity and CNY Inconvertibility refer to purchase, sale, lending 
or borrowing in CNY for general purposes (including, but not limited to, funding) and therefore any 
purchase or sale of CNY where such CNY is required by relevant laws or regulations for the settlement 
of any cross-border trade transaction with any entity in the PRC, or any purchase or sale of CNY for 
personal customers residing in such Offshore CNY Centre, would not be purchase or sale made on the 
general CNY exchange market.

--- Page 243 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
243 
 
 
8. 
PHYSICAL DELIVERY NOTES 
8.1 
Physical Delivery 
(a) 
Asset Transfer Notices 
In relation to Physical Delivery Notes, in order to obtain delivery of the Asset Amount(s) in 
respect of any Note, the relevant Noteholder must arrange for the Euroclear France Account 
Holder through which its Notes are held to (i) deliver on its behalf to the Agent with a copy 
to any entity appointed by the Issuer to deliver the Asset Amount on its behalf no later than 
the close of business in each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed Asset 
Transfer Notice in the form set out in the French Law Agency Agreement and (ii) 
simultaneously transfer the relevant Notes to the Euroclear France account of the Principal 
Paying Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
Asset Amount means the amount of Relevant Asset relating to each Note as set out in the 
Final Terms;  
Asset Transfer Notice means asset transfer notice in the form set out in the French Law 
Agency Agreement duly completed in accordance with the provisions of this Condition;  
Cut-off Date means the date falling three Business Days prior to the Delivery Date; and 
Relevant Asset means the Reference Underlying defined as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Copies of the Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business hours from the 
specified office of any Paying Agent. 
The Asset Transfer Notice shall: 
(A) 
specify the name and address of the relevant Noteholder and the person from 
whom the Issuer may obtain details for the delivery of the Asset Amount and 
any details required for delivery of the Asset Amount set out in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(B) 
confirm the irrevocable instruction given to the Euroclear France Account 
Holder through which the relevant Notes are held to immediately transfer 
such Notes to the Euroclear France account of the Agent; 
(C) 
include an undertaking to pay all Delivery Expenses; 
(D) 
specify an account to which dividends (if any) payable pursuant to this 
Condition 8 or any other cash amounts specified in the applicable Final Terms 
are being payable are to be paid; 
(E) 
certify that the beneficial owner of each Note is not a U.S. person (as defined 
in the Asset Transfer Notice), the Note is not being redeemed within the 
United States or on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or other 
property have been or will be delivered within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with any redemption 
thereof;

--- Page 244 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
244 
 
 
(F) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings, 
For the purposes of this Condition, Delivery Expenses means all costs, taxes, duties and/or 
expenses, including stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes 
arising from the delivery of the Asset Amount. 
(b) 
Verification of the Holder 
Upon receipt of an Asset Transfer Notice and the relevant Notes into its Euroclear France 
account, the Agent will inform the Issuer thereof.  
(c) 
Determinations and Delivery 
Failure properly to complete and deliver an Asset Transfer Notice may result in such notice 
being treated as null and void. Any determination as to whether such notice has been properly 
completed and delivered as provided in these Conditions shall be made by the relevant Paying 
Agent after consultation with the Issuer, and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and 
the relevant Noteholder. 
If any Asset Transfer Notice deemed null and void in accordance with the foregoing paragraph 
is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new Asset 
Transfer Notice submitted at the time such corrected Asset Transfer Notice was delivered as 
provided above. 
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the Agent. The Asset 
Amount will be delivered at the risk of the relevant Noteholder, in the manner provided below 
on the Maturity Date (such date, subject to adjustment in accordance with this Condition, the 
Delivery Date), provided that the Asset Transfer Notice is duly delivered to the relevant 
Clearing System (with a copy to the Agent), as provided above on or prior to the Cut-Off Date. 
If a Noteholder fails to have an Asset Transfer Notice given, on its behalf as provided herein 
with a copy to the Agent, on or prior to the Cut-Off Date, then the Asset Amount will be 
delivered as soon as practicable after the Maturity Date, as defined in the Final Terms (in 
which case, such date of delivery shall be deemed the Delivery Date) at the risk of such 
Noteholder in the manner provided below. In such circumstances the relevant Noteholder shall 
not be entitled to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, and the Issuer shall have no 
liability whatsoever, as a result of the Delivery Date falling after the Maturity Date. 
The Issuer shall, at the relevant Noteholder's risk, deliver or procure the delivery of the Asset 
Amount relating to each Note, pursuant to the details specified in the Asset Transfer Notice 
or in such commercially reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent shall in its sole and 
absolute discretion determine and notify to the person designated by the Noteholder in the 
relevant Asset Transfer Notice. No delivery of the Asset Amount shall be made until all 
Delivery Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of the Issuer by the relevant Noteholder. 
(d) 
General 
Notes held by the same Noteholder will be aggregated for the purpose of determining the 
aggregate Asset Amount in respect of such Notes, provided that, the aggregate Asset Amount 
in respect of the same Noteholder will be rounded down to the nearest whole unit of the 
Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such manner as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine. Therefore, fractions of the Relevant Asset or of each of the

--- Page 245 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
245 
 
 
Relevant Assets, as the case may be, will not be delivered and no cash adjustment will be 
made in respect thereof. 
Following the Delivery Date of a share certificate all dividends on the relevant shares to be 
delivered will be payable to the party that would receive such dividend according to market 
practice for a sale of the shares executed on the Delivery Date and to be delivered in the same 
manner as such relevant Shares. Any such dividends to be paid to a Noteholder will be paid 
to the account specified by the Noteholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice as referred to 
in Condition 8.1(a). 
For such period of time after delivery of the Asset Amount as the Issuer or any person acting 
on behalf of the Issuer shall continue to be the legal owner of the securities comprising the 
Asset Amount (the Intervening Period), none of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
other person shall at any time (i) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to any 
Noteholder any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or, except as provided 
herein, payment whatsoever received by that person in respect of such securities or 
obligations, (ii) be under any obligation to exercise or procure the exercise of any or all rights 
attaching to such securities or obligations or (iii) be under any liability to a Noteholder in 
respect of any loss or damage which such Noteholder may sustain or suffer as a result, whether 
directly or indirectly, of that person being the legal owner during such Intervening Period of 
such securities or obligations. 
(e) 
Settlement Disruption 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Asset Amount using the method of 
delivery specified in the applicable Final Terms, or such other commercially reasonable 
manner as the Calculation Agent has determined, is impracticable because a Settlement 
Disruption Event (as defined below) has occurred and is continuing on the Delivery Date, then 
it shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
and the Delivery Date shall be postponed to the first following Settlement Business Day in 
respect of which there is no such Settlement Disruption Event, provided that, the Issuer may 
elect in its sole and absolute discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Note 
by delivering the Asset Amount using such other commercially reasonable manner as it may 
select and, in such event, the Delivery Date shall be such day as the Issuer deems appropriate 
(acting in a commercially reasonable manner). Noteholders shall not be entitled to any 
payment, whether on account of interest or otherwise, and the Issuer shall have no liability 
whatsoever, as a result of the Delivery Date being postponed due to the occurrence of a 
Settlement Disruption Event. 
Where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all of the Relevant Assets 
comprising the Asset Amount, the Delivery Date for the Relevant Assets unaffected by the 
Settlement Disruption Event will be the originally designated Delivery Date. For so long as 
delivery of part of the Asset Amount is impracticable by reason of a Settlement Disruption 
Event, then in lieu of physical delivery of the affected Relevant Asset(s), and notwithstanding 
any other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect in its sole and absolute discretion to satisfy 
its obligations in respect of the affected portion of the relevant Note(s) by paying the relevant 
Noteholder(s), the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount (as defined below) on the fifth 
Business Day following the date on which Noteholders are notified in accordance with 
Condition 14 of (i) such election having been made and (ii) the manner in which the Issuer 
intends to pay the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount.

--- Page 246 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
246 
 
 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
Disruption Cash Redemption Amount shall be, in respect of any Note, the fair market value 
of such Note (taking into account, where the Settlement Disruption Event affected some but 
not all of the Relevant Assets included in the Asset Amount and such unaffected Relevant 
Assets have been duly delivered as provided above, the value of such unaffected and delivered 
Relevant Assets), less the cost to the Issuer of unwinding any related hedging arrangements, 
all as determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion; 
Settlement Business Day, in respect of each Note, has the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms relating to such Note; and 
Settlement Disruption Event means an event that is beyond the control of the Issuer, 
including illiquidity in the market for the Relevant Assets as a result of which the Issuer cannot 
make delivery of the Relevant Asset(s) using the method specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
8.2 
Variation of Settlement 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, elect 
(i) to deliver or procure delivery on the Maturity Date of the Asset Amount relating to each Note in 
lieu of its obligation to pay Noteholders the Redemption Amount or (ii) to pay Noteholders the 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date in lieu of its obligation to deliver or procure delivery of the 
Asset Amount. Notification of any such election will be given to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14. 
8.3 
Rights of Noteholders and Calculations 
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any of the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility 
for any errors or omissions in committed in connection with any of the calculations or determinations 
contemplated in Conditions 7 and 8. 
The purchase of Notes linked to one or more Relevant Assets does not confer on holders of such Notes 
any rights (whether in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) in connection with the applicable 
Relevant Asset(s).  
9. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
9.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (or, in the case of Physical Delivery Notes, 
by delivery of the Asset Amount) as specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified 
Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Final Redemption Amount 
which shall be either (a) a fixed amount determined solely by the Issuer at the date of the applicable 
Final Terms and shall be at least equal to the nominal amount of the Notes or (b) calculated in 
accordance with the formulas provided in the Technical Annex. 
9.2 
Redemption for tax reasons  
Subject to Condition 9.7, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part, at any time (if this Note is not a Variable Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this 
Note is a Variable Interest Note), on giving not less than the minimum period and not more than the

--- Page 247 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
247 
 
 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 10 as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of France or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date of this Base Prospectus; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 9.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 9.7 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
9.3 
Special Tax Redemption 
If the Issuer would, on the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, 
be prevented by the laws of France from causing payment to be made to the Noteholders of the full 
amount then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained 
in Condition 10, then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Agent and the Issuer 
shall, upon giving not less than seven nor more than 45 days' prior notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14, forthwith redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount, together, if appropriate, with accrued interest, on the latest practicable Interest 
Payment Date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in 
respect of the Notes provided that if such notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date the 
date for redemption pursuant to such notice to Noteholders shall be the later of: 
(a) 
the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then 
due and payable in respect of the Notes; and 
(b) 
14 days after giving notice to the Agent as aforesaid. 
9.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 9.4 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons), such option being referred to as an Issuer Call. 
The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Issuer Call and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 9.4 for full information on any Issuer Call. In particular, the applicable 
Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount, any 
minimum or maximum amount of Notes which can be redeemed and the applicable notice periods. 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (which 
notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only 
of the Notes then outstanding on any Early Redemption Date and at the Early Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the relevant Early Redemption Date. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Early Redemption Date (being the date on which the Noteholders will receive the Early Redemption

--- Page 248 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
248 
 
 
Amount) will be seven (7) Business Days in Luxembourg following the date on which notice is 
deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with this paragraph and Condition 14. 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount 
and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of the Notes, the redemption shall be 
effected by application of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction of the nominal amount of all 
Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed).  
9.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 not less than fifteen (15) nor more than 30 days' notice the 
Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date. In addition, an amount equal to the Early Reduction Fees may be deducted 
from the Optional redemption Amount if so specified in the applicable Final Terms. It may be that 
before an Investor Put can be exercised, certain conditions and/or circumstances will need to be 
satisfied. Where relevant, the provisions will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, (i) deliver, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent 
falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the 
time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or the Registration 
Agent, as the case may be, (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to 
which payment is to be made under this Condition and, (ii) transfer, or cause to be transferred, the 
Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent specified in the Put Notice. Any Put Notice 
given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 9.5 shall be irrevocable except where, prior 
to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event such 
holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this 
Condition 9.5 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 12. 
9.6 
Early Redemption upon the crossing of a Coupon threshold 
If Condition 9.6(a) or 9.6(b) below is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
if on an Interest Payment Date the sum of the Coupons (in percentage of the Specified 
Denomination) paid since the Threshold Observation Start Date (specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) at least equals a Threshold Percentage of the Specified Denomination (specified 
in the applicable Final Terms), the Notes will be early redeemed at a Threshold Redemption 
Amount (specified in the applicable Final Terms), on this Interest Payment Date, such date 
will be deemed to be the Threshold Redemption Date. 
(b) 
if on any date during the lifetime of the Notes the sum of the Coupons plus the accrued interests 
(in percentage of the Specified Denomination) paid or accrued since the Threshold 
Observation Start Date (specified in the applicable Final Terms) equals a Threshold 
Percentage of the Specified Denomination (specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Notes 
will be early redeemed at a Threshold Redemption Amount (specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), on the Threshold Redemption Date, being the next Interest Payment Date after the 
crossing of the Threshold Percentage or the number of business days after the crossing of the 
Threshold Percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 249 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
249 
 
 
If the Notes are early redeemed upon the crossing of a Coupon threshold, the Issuer shall give notice 
of the early redemption to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 no later than a minimum 
of two business days or the number of business days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
9.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Conditions 9.2, 9.3, 9.4 above and Condition 12, each Note will be redeemed at its 
Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof less, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
Early Redemption Unwind Costs; 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note but including an Instalment Note) with 
a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which 
is payable in a Specified Currency other than that in which the Note is denominated, at the 
amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms or, 
if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal 
amount less, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Early Redemption 
Unwind Costs; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) calculated 
in accordance with the following formula less, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, Early Redemption Unwind Costs: 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and  
y is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365). 
(d) 
if Fair Market Value is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Early Redemption 
Amount, at an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in its sole and absolute 
discretion, which, shall represent the fair market value of the Notes on, or at a time determined 
by the Calculation Agent during a period not exceeding five (5) Business Days immediately 
prior to, the date on which a notice of early redemption is deemed to have been given to the 
Noteholders pursuant to Condition 9.4 and Condition 14 and shall have the effect (after taking 
into account the costs of unwinding any hedging arrangements, as determined by the Issuer in 
its sole and absolute discretion, entered into in respect of the Notes) of preserving for the 
Noteholders the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer to make the payments in

--- Page 250 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
250 
 
 
respect of the Notes which would, but for such early redemption, have fallen due after the 
relevant early redemption date. In respect of Notes bearing interest, notwithstanding any other 
provision of these Conditions, the Early Redemption Amount, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with this paragraph shall include any accrued interest to (but 
excluding) the relevant early redemption date and apart from any such interest included in the 
Early Redemption amount, no interest, accrued or otherwise, or any other amount whatsoever 
will be payable by the Issuer in respect of such redemption. 
Early Redemption Unwind Costs means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or if 
Standard Early Redemption Unwind Costs are specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, expenses 
(including loss of funding), tax and duties incurred by the Issuer in connection with the redemption of 
the Notes and the related termination, settlement or re-establishment of any hedge or related trading 
position, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst each nominal amount of Notes in the 
Specified Denomination. 
9.8 
Instalments 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates. In the case 
of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant to Condition 9.7. 
9.9 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes at any price in the open 
market or otherwise. Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may be, at the option of the Issuer, 
either surrendered and cancelled or held or resold, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  
9.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are purchased for cancellation or are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled. All Notes 
cancelled shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
9.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 9.1, 9.2, 9.3, 9.4 or 9.5 above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 12 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 9.7(c) above as 
though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
9.12 
Redemption for an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
In the event that an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer may, having given not less than 
10 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), on expiry of such notice, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each 
Note being redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 9.7 and no further

--- Page 251 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
251 
 
 
interest will be payable since the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, if none, the Issue 
Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 9.12: 
Administrator/Benchmark Event means, in relation to any Benchmark, the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event, a Non-Approval Event, a Rejection Event or a 
Suspension/Withdrawal Event. 
Benchmark means any figure which is a benchmark as defined in BMR and where any amount 
payable under the Notes, or the value of the Notes, is determined by reference to such figure, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(i) any material change in such Benchmark; or 
(ii) the permanent cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark. 
BMR means the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended, including by 
Regulation (EU) 2021/168). 
Non-Approval Event means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(i) any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence or approval in respect of the 
Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark is not obtained; 
(ii) the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark is not included in an official register; or 
(iii) the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark does not fulfil any legal or regulatory 
requirement applicable to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Benchmark, 
in each case, as required under any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. For the 
avoidance of doubt, a Non-Approval Event shall not occur if the Benchmark or the administrator of 
the Benchmark is not included in an official register because its authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence or approval is suspended if, at the time of such suspension, the continued 
provision and use of the Benchmark is permitted in respect of the Notes under the applicable law or 
regulation during the period of such suspension. 
Rejection Event means, in respect of the Benchmark, the relevant competent authority or other 
relevant official body rejects or refuses any application for authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence, approval or inclusion in any official register which, in each case, is required 
in relation to the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark under any applicable law or 
regulation for any of the Issuer, Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in 
respect of the Notes. 
Suspension/Withdrawal Event means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(i) the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or withdraws any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in relation to 
the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark which is required under any applicable law or 
regulation in order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its 
obligations in respect of the Notes; or

--- Page 252 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
252 
 
 
(ii) the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark is removed from any official register where 
inclusion in such register is required under any applicable law in order for any of the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Suspension/Withdrawal Event shall not occur if such authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is suspended or where 
inclusion in any official register is withdrawn if, at the time of such suspension or withdrawal, the 
continued provision and use of the Benchmark is permitted in respect of the Notes under the applicable 
law or regulation during the period of such suspension or withdrawal. 
10. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal, interest or other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes, shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. 
If French law should require that any payments of principal, interest or other revenues in respect of 
the Notes be subject to withholding or deduction with respect to any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges whatsoever, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted 
by law, pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by 
the holders of the Notes after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal, interest or other revenues which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the 
Notes in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall 
be payable with respect to any Note to a Noteholder who is liable for such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of his having some connection with France 
other than the mere holding of such Note. 
11. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a 
period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant 
Date (as defined below) thereof. 
As used herein, the Relevant Date in relation to any Note means the date on which such payment first 
becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the 
Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of 
such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14. 
12. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT  
The Representative (as defined in Condition 15), acting on its own initiative or upon request of any 
Noteholder, may give written notice to the Issuer and the Agent that the Note is, and it shall accordingly 
forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount, together, if 
appropriate, with accrued interest, if any of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall 
occur: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or any 
of them and the default continues for a period of 30 days after the relevant due date; or

--- Page 253 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
253 
 
 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Conditions and 
such default is not remedied within 45 days after notice of such default has been given to the 
Issuer by any Noteholder; or 
(c) 
if a judgment is issued for a transfer of the whole of the Issuer’s business (cession totale de 
l'entreprise) or, in the absence of legal proceedings, the Issuer makes a conveyance, 
assignment or other arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or enters into a composition 
with its creditors, or a resolution is passed by the Issuer for its winding-up or dissolution, 
except in connection with a merger or other reorganisation in which all of the Issuer's assets 
are transferred to, and all of the Issuer's debts and liabilities (including the Notes) are assumed 
by, another entity which continues the Issuer's activities. 
13. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to create and 
issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save 
for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes.  
14. 
NOTICES 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid 
if either, (i) mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to 
have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after 
the mailing or (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, in 
a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg (which is excepted to be the 
Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg), or (b) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation 
in Europe, or (c) they are published following Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General 
Regulation (Règlement Général) of the AMF and so long as such Notes are listed and admitted 
to trading on any Regulated Market(s) or any unregulated stock exchange(s) and the applicable 
rules of that Regulated Market or unregulated stock exchange so require, notices shall also be 
published in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the 
Regulated Market(s) or unregulated stock exchange(s) on which such Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading is/are and (d) so long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated Market, notices may also be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) shall be valid if, at 
the option of the Issuer, they are published (i) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading 
on, and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, in a daily newspaper 
of general circulation in Luxembourg (which is excepted to be the Luxemburger Wort in 
Luxembourg), or (ii) in a daily leading newspaper of general circulation in Europe, or (iii) 
they are published following Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulation (Règlement 
Général) of the AMF and so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market(s) or any unregulated stock exchange(s) and the applicable rules of that 
Regulated Market or unregulated stock exchange so require, notices shall also be published in 
a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated 
Market(s) or unregulated stock exchange(s) on which such Notes are listed and/or admitted to 
trading is/are located and (iv) so long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated Market, notices may also be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).

--- Page 254 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
254 
 
 
(c) 
Any notice given by publication shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such 
publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first 
publication as provided above. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or 
in bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice 
to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other clearing system 
through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and 
publication as required by Conditions 14 (a), (b) and (c) above; except that so long as such 
Notes are listed on any stock exchange(s) and the rules applicable to that stock exchange so 
require, notices shall also be published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in the 
city/ies where the stock exchange(s) on which such Notes is/are listed or on the website of 
such stock exchange and on the website of the Issuer. 
(e) 
Notices relating to convocations and decisions pursuant to Condition 15 and pursuant to 
Articles R. 228-79 and R. 236-11 of the French Code de commerce shall be given by delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing 
system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared and on the website of the Issuer 
(www.cic.fr). For the avoidance of doubt, Conditions 14(a), (b), (c), (d) shall not apply to such 
notices. 
15. 
REPRESENTATION OF NOTEHOLDERS 
15.1 
Contractual representation of Noteholders – No Masse 
Only with respect to Notes with an initial denomination of, or which can only be traded in amounts of, 
at least €100,000 or its equivalent in other currencies at the time of issue, and if the applicable Final 
Terms specify "No Masse", the following meeting and voting provisions shall apply as follows: 
(a) 
General 
Pursuant to Article L.213-6-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier: 
(i) 
the Noteholders shall not be grouped in a masse having separate legal personality and 
acting in part through a representative of the noteholders (représentant de la masse) 
and in part through general meetings; however, 
(ii) 
the following provisions of the French Code de commerce shall apply: Articles L.228-
46-1, L.228-57, L.228-58, L.228-59, L.228-60, L.228-60-1, L.228-61 (with the 
exception of the first paragraph thereof), L.228-65 (with the exception of (i) sub-
paragraphs 1°, 3°, 4° and 6° of paragraph I and (ii) paragraph II), L.228-66, L.228-67, 
L.228-68, L.228-76, L.228-88, R.228-65, R.228-66, R.228-67, R.228-68, R.228-70, 
R.228-71, R.228-72, R.228-73, R.228-74 and R.228-75 of the French Code de 
commerce, and 
(iii) 
whenever the words "de la masse", "d'une même masse", "par les représentants de la 
masse", "d'une masse", "et au représentant de la masse", "de la masse intéressée", 
"dont la masse est convoquée en assemblée" or "par un représentant de la masse", 
appear in those provisions, they shall be deemed to be deleted, and subject to the 
following provisions of this Condition 15.1 
(b) 
Resolution 
Subject to Condition 15.1(a) and in accordance with the provisions of Article L.228-46-1 of 
the French Code de commerce, a resolution (the Resolution) may be passed (x) at a General

--- Page 255 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
255 
 
 
Meeting in accordance with the quorum and voting rules described in paragraph 15.1(f) below 
or (y) by a Written Decision. 
A Resolution may be passed with respect to any matter that relates to the common rights 
(intérêts communs) of the Noteholders. 
A Resolution may be passed on any proposal relating to the modification of the Conditions 
including any proposal, (i) whether for a compromise or settlement, regarding rights which 
are the subject of litigation or in respect of which a judicial decision has been rendered, and 
(ii) relating to a total or partial waiver of the guarantees granted to the noteholders, the deferral 
of any interest payment and the modification of the amortization or interest rate provisions.  
For the avoidance of doubt, neither a General Meeting nor a Written Decision has power, and 
consequently a Resolution may not be passed to decide on any proposal relating to (a) the 
modification of the objects or form of the Issuer, (b) the issue of notes benefiting from a 
security over assets (surêté réelle) which will not benefit to the Noteholders, (c) the potential 
merger (fusion) or demerger (scission) including partial transfers of assets (apports partiels 
d'actifs) under the demerger regime of or by the Issuer; (d) the transfer of the registered office 
of a European Company (Societas Europaea – SE) to a different Member State of the 
European Union. 
However, each Noteholder is a creditor of the Issuer and as such enjoys, pursuant to Article 
L.213-6-3 IV of the French Code monétaire et financier, all the rights and prerogatives of 
individual creditors in the circumstances described under paragraphs (c) and (d) above, 
including any right to object (former opposition). 
Each Noteholder is entitled to bring a legal action against the Issuer for the defence of its own 
interests; such a legal action does not require the authorisation of the General Meeting. 
The Noteholders may appoint a nominee to file a proof of claim in the name of all Noteholders 
in the event of judicial reorganisation procedure or judicial liquidation of the Issuer.  
Pursuant to Article L.228-85 of the French Code de commerce, in the absence of such 
appointment of a nominee, the judicial representative (mandataire judiciaire), at its own 
initiative or at the request of any Noteholder will ask the court to appoint a representative of 
the Noteholders who will file the proof of Noteholders' claim. 
(c) 
Convening of a General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation by the Issuer. One or more 
Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth of the principal amount of the Notes 
outstanding, may address to the Issuer a demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If 
such General Meeting has not been convened within two months after such demand, the 
Noteholders may commission one of their members to petition a competent court in Paris to 
appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as 
provided under Condition 14 (Notices), not less than fifteen calendar days prior to the date of 
such General Meeting on first convocation and, five calendar days on second convocation.  
(d) 
Arrangements for Voting 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by 
correspondence or by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing 
the identification of participating Noteholders. 
Each Note carries the right to one vote. 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each 
Noteholder to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of 
the relevant account holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the

--- Page 256 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
256 
 
 
second Paris business day preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General 
Meeting. 
Decisions of General Meetings must be published in accordance with the provisions set forth 
in Condition 14 (Notices). 
(e) 
Chairman 
The Noteholders present at a General Meeting shall choose one of them to be chairman (the 
Chairman) by a simple majority of votes present or represented at such General Meeting 
(notwithstanding the absence of a quorum at the time of such vote). If the Noteholders fail to 
designate a Chairman, the Noteholder holding or representing the highest number of Notes 
and present at such meeting shall be appointed Chairman, failing which the Issuer may appoint 
a Chairman. The Chairman appointed by the Issuer need not be a Noteholder. The Chairman 
of an adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the Chairman of the original meeting 
from which the adjournment took place.  
(f) 
Quorum and Voting 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a 
simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending (including by videoconference or by 
any other means of telecommunication allowing the identification of participating 
Noteholders) such General Meetings or represented thereat. 
(g) 
Written Decisions and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce the Issuer shall be entitled, 
in lieu of convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders 
by way of a Written Decision. Such Written Decision shall be signed by or on behalf of 
Noteholders holding not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
Subject to the following sentence, a Written Decision may be contained in one document or 
in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the 
Noteholders. Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a 
Written Decision may also be given by way of electronic communication (Electronic 
Consent). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Decision (including by way of Electronic Consent) 
will be published as provided under Condition 14 (Notices) not less than five calendar days 
prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written Decision (the Written Decision Date). 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Decision will contain the conditions of form and 
time-limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or 
rejection of such proposed Written Decision. Noteholders expressing their approval or 
rejection before the Written Decision Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes until 
after the Written Decision Date. 
(h) 
Effect of Resolutions 
A Resolution passed at a General Meeting or a Written Decision (including by Electronic 
Consent), shall be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not present or represented at the 
General Meeting and whether or not, in the case of a Written Decision (including by Electronic 
Consent), they have participated in such Written Decision (including by Electronic Consent) 
and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the Resolution accordingly.

--- Page 257 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
257 
 
 
15.2 
Masse 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence 
of their common interests in a masse (the Masse) which will be governed by the provisions of articles 
L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce with the exception of articles L.228-71 and R.228-
69 of the French Code de commerce and as supplemented by this Condition 15.2: 
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
Representative) and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the Collective 
Decisions). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common 
rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with respect 
to the Notes. 
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternative representative (if any) will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first 
Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent 
Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or 
duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation 
to any subsequent Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternative representative, if any. 
Another Representative may be appointed. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternative representative (if any) at the registered office of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the 
power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of 
the Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders, or initiated by them, must be brought by or 
against the Representative. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the General Meeting) or by 
consent following a written consultation (the Written Decision). 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books 
of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as 
the case may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) 
business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision.

--- Page 258 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
258 
 
 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 15.2(h) (Notices to 
Noteholders).  
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(i) 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the 
Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth of the 
principal amount of the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the 
Representative a demand for a General Meeting to be called. If such General Meeting 
has not been called within two months of such demand, the Noteholders may 
commission one of their members to petition the competent court in Paris to appoint 
an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders 
present or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions 
of the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by 
the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published 
as provided under Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 calendar days prior to the 
date of such General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five calendar days 
prior to the date of such General Meeting on second convocation.  
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, 
or by correspondence and, in accordance with Article L.228-61 of the French Code 
de commerce, by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication 
allowing the identification of participating Noteholders. 
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a 
copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, 
which will be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for 
inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any 
other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen (15) 
calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first 
convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding of the 
General Meeting on second convocation. 
(ii) 
Written Decisions and Electronic Consent 
At the initiative of the Issuer or the Representative, Collective Decisions may also be 
taken by a Written Decision. Subject to the following sentence, a Written Decision 
may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form, each signed 
by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of 
the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Decision may also be given by 
way of Electronic Consent. 
Such Written Decision shall be signed by or on behalf of Noteholders holding not less 
than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, without having to 
comply with formalities and time limits referred to in 15.2(d)(i). Any such decision 
shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting

--- Page 259 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
259 
 
 
of such Noteholders. Such Written Decision may be contained in one document or in 
several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such 
Noteholders and shall be published in accordance with Condition 15.2(h). 
(iii) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1, 3, 4, L.236-13 and L.236-18 of the French 
Code de commerce and the related provisions of the French Code de commerce shall 
not apply to the Notes. 
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including all expenses 
relating to the calling and taking of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all 
administrative expenses resolved upon by the Collective Decisions, it being expressly 
stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which 
have been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with 
Condition 13, shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a 
single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of 
Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all such Series. 
(g) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes are held by a single Noteholder, and unless a Representative 
has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all the powers, 
rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the French Code de 
commerce. Such sole Noteholder shall hold a register of the decisions it will have taken in 
such capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of all or part 
of the Notes of such Series. 
(h) 
Notices to Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders pursuant to this Condition 15.2 shall be given in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(i) 
Full Masse 
For Notes issued with a denomination of less than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency), this Condition 15.2 shall apply to the Notes subject to the following modifications. 
(i) 
Condition 15.2(d)(iii) shall not apply to the Notes. 
(ii) 
Except if the Final Terms specify “Issue outside France” as applicable, Condition 
15.2(e) shall be deleted and replaced by the following: 
“15.2(e) Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all 
expenses relating to the calling and taking of Collective Decisions and, more 
generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions.”

--- Page 260 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
 
 
260 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 15, the term outstanding shall not include those Notes purchased 
by the Issuer that are held by it and not cancelled in accordance with applicable laws and regulations as referred 
to in Condition 9.9 (Purchases). 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW  
The Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
17. 
JURISDICTION  
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes may be brought before any competent court 
located within the jurisdiction of the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 261 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
261 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes which will be incorporated by reference 
into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the 
relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or 
attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Notes 
will complete the following Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be 
made to "Form of the Notes" for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such 
terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Crédit Industriel et Commercial (the Issuer) 
subject to, and with the benefit of, the Agency Agreement (as defined below).  
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an agency 
agreement (such agency agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Agency Agreement) dated 21 June 2023 and made between the Issuer, BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch as 
issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Agent, which expression shall include any successor 
agent), Banque de Luxembourg or Crédit Industriel et Commercial as calculation agent (the Calculation 
Agent, which expression shall include (i) such other person appointed as calculation agent pursuant to a 
calculation agency agreement and (ii) any additional or successor calculation agent) and the other paying 
agents named therein (together with the Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any 
additional or successor paying agents).  
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in the Final Terms attached to or 
endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions). References to the 
applicable Final Terms are to the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on 
this Note. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and 
shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference 
herein to Receiptholders shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference herein to Couponholders 
shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of 
the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects (including as to 
listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or 
Issue Prices.  
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when issued 
in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) 
attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be

--- Page 262 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
262 
 
 
deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Definitive Notes which are repayable in instalments have 
receipts (Receipts) for the payment of the instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on 
issue. Global Notes do not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue.  
The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the deed of covenant 
(such Deed of Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of 
Covenant) dated 21 June 2023 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by a 
common depositary on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.cic-marketsolutions.eu/fr/kidemtncic.aspx ). The applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable 
by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are 
applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the 
Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms and definitive Notes will be 
serially numbered. This Note is, to the extent specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Fixed Rate 
Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a Note linked to the underlying reference asset(s) 
(an Underlying Reference(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms such as a Credit Linked Note, 
an Index Linked Note, an Equity Linked Note, an Inflation Linked Note, a Currency Linked Note, a 
Commodity Linked Note, a Fund Linked Note, a Bond Linked Note, a Rate Linked Note, a Future 
Linked Note or any appropriate combination thereof.  
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached and, if applicable, Talons attached unless they are 
Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not 
applicable.  
The Index Linked Notes, the Inflation Linked Notes, the Currency Linked Notes, the Commodity 
Linked Notes, the Fund Linked Notes, the Bond Linked Notes, Rate Linked Notes and the Future 
Linked Notes are Cash Settled Notes. In the case of any Equity Linked Notes or Credit Linked Notes 
the applicable Final Terms will specify whether the Notes are Cash Settled Notes or Physical Delivery 
Notes. Save as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, Cash Settled Notes will be redeemed 
by the payment to the Noteholders of such amount as is specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
Physical Delivery Notes will be redeemed by the delivery of the Relevant Asset(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Such Relevant Asset(s) shall not contain any share of the Issuer or of any 
consolidated subsidiary of the Issuer. 
In addition, the Notes issued under the Programme are not exchangeable for or convertible into shares 
within the meaning of Article 19 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended.

--- Page 263 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
263 
 
 
 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Coupons and Receipts will pass by delivery. The Issuer 
and the Paying Agents, to the extent permitted by applicable law, may deem and treat the bearer of 
any Note, Coupon or Receipt as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft 
thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set 
out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for 
the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a 
particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account 
of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall 
be treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for 
all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of 
such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and 
any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject 
to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (including Euroclear France and the Intermédiaires financiers habilités 
authorised to maintain accounts therein (together, Euroclear France)) approved by the Issuer and the 
Agent. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
2.1 
Status 
The Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, senior preferred (within 
the meaning of Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code monétaire et financier) and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 2.2) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves 
and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unconditional, 
senior preferred and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
2.2 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not create or have outstanding any 
mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (sûreté réelle) (each a Security Interest) upon, 
or with respect to, any of its present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any 
uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below), unless the Issuer, in the case 
of the creation of a Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, takes 
any and all action necessary to ensure that the Issuer's obligations under the Notes and the Coupons 
either: 
(a) 
are secured by the Security Interest equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness; or

--- Page 264 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
264 
 
 
(b) 
have the benefit of such other Security Interest, guarantee, indemnity or other arrangement 
(whether or not it includes the giving of a Security Interest) as shall be approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders.  
For the purposes of this Condition 2.2, Relevant Indebtedness means (i) any present or future 
indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any 
notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities which (with the consent of the 
issuer of the indebtedness) are for the time being quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock 
exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market, and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity in respect 
of any such indebtedness. 
3. 
REDENOMINATION 
3.1 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, on giving prior 
notice to the Agent, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and at least 30 days' prior notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date 
specified in the notice, the Notes shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(a) 
the Notes and the Receipts shall be deemed to be redenominated into euro in the denomination 
of euro 0.01 with a principal amount for each Note and Receipt equal to the principal amount 
of that Note or Receipt in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at the Established Rate, 
provided that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the Agent, that the then market 
practice in respect of the redenomination into euro of internationally offered securities is 
different from the provisions specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended 
so as to comply with such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, 
the stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes may be listed and the Paying Agents of such 
deemed amendments; 
(b) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph (d) 
below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated by reference to the 
aggregate principal amount of Notes held (or, as the case may be, in respect of which Coupons 
are presented) for payment by the relevant holder and the amount of such payment shall be 
rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01; 
(c) 
if definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall be issued 
at the expense of the Issuer in the denominations of euro 1,000, euro 10,000, euro 100,000 and 
(but only to the extent of any remaining amounts less than euro 1,000 or such smaller 
denominations as the Agent may approve) euro 0.01 and such other denominations as the 
Agent shall determine and notify to the Noteholders; 
(d) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void with effect from 
the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the Exchange Notice) that replacement euro-
denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons are available for exchange (provided that such 
securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them. The payment 
obligations contained in any Notes and Receipts so issued will also become void on that date 
although those Notes and Receipts will continue to constitute valid exchange obligations of 
the Issuer. New euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons will be issued in exchange 
for Notes, Receipts and Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency in such manner as

--- Page 265 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
265 
 
 
the Agent may specify and as shall be notified to the Noteholders in the Exchange Notice. No 
Exchange Notice may be given less than 15 days prior to any date for payment of principal or 
interest on the Notes; 
(e) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the 
Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though references in the Notes to the 
Specified Currency were to euro. Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro 
account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the 
payee; 
(f) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on a Fixed 
Interest Date, it will be calculated: 
(i) 
in the case of the Notes represented by a global Note, by applying the Rate of Interest 
to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such global 
Note; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Definitive Notes, by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed 
Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for 
the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to 
reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding, 
(g) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify any relevant 
changes to the provisions relating to interest; and 
(h) 
such other changes shall be made to these Conditions as the Issuer may decide, after 
consultation with the Agent, and as may be specified in the notice, to conform them to 
conventions then applicable to instruments denominated in euro. 
3.2 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Established Rate means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including compliance 
with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Union regulations) into euro 
established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 of the Treaty; 
Euro or euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty; 
Redenomination Date means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment of interest 
under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in each case specified by the Issuer 
in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to paragraph (a) above and which falls on or after the 
date on which the country of the Specified Currency first participates in the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union; and

--- Page 266 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
266 
 
 
Treaty means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
4. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are (i) Fixed Rate Notes, (ii) Floating Rate 
Notes, (iii) Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, (iv) Zero Coupon Notes or (v) Notes linked to an underlying 
reference asset(s) such as Credit Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes, Equity Linked 
Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, Bond Linked 
Notes, Rate Linked Notes, Future Linked Notes or any combination thereof. 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes  
This Condition 4.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 4.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. 
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of 
Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable 
Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any applicable Determination 
Date. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Fixed Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear or in advance 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Interest Payment Date(s) up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date. For so long as any of the Fixed Rate Notes is represented by a Global Note held on 
behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, interest will be calculated on the full nominal 
amount outstanding of the Fixed Rate Notes and will be paid to Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear for distribution by them to entitled accountholders in accordance with their usual rules and 
operating procedures. In respect of each definitive Fixed Rate Note, interest will be calculated on its 
outstanding nominal amount.  
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period or if, in the case 
of Notes in definitive form, no Fixed Coupon Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, such 
interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note held on behalf of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, the full nominal amount outstanding of the Fixed 
Rate Notes; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation

--- Page 267 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
267 
 
 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the Paying Agents and 
to be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
fourth Business Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest per Calculation 
Amount shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with this provision but no publication of the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount so calculated need be made.  
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.1: 
(a) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year;

--- Page 268 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
268 
 
 
(b) 
if 30/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(c) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365; and 
(d) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but excluding 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
Reference Banks means five major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market 
(or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the Reference Rate (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant Reference Rate, shall be the 
Eurozone);  
Reference Rate means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms which shall be either the 
Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), the constant maturity swap rate (CMS), the Eurozone 
inflation index (CPTFEMU), the Euro Short-Term Rate (€STR) or the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate (SOFR) (or any successor or replacement rate); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on variable interest Notes 
This Condition 4.2 applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 4.2 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating 
Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any Specified Interest Payment 
Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any 
Additional Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination, FBF Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the party who will calculate the amount of interest 
due if it is not the Calculation Agent, the Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates, the Day 
Count Fraction and any formula that applies the calculation of interest. Where ISDA Determination 
applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity, Reset Date and any applicable multiplier or leverage factor 
(a Leverage). Where Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable 
Final Terms will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, Relevant Financial Centre, Interest 
Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page. 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Floating Rate Note or other Note which 
is subject to a variable rate of interest (any such Note or Floating Rate Note, a Variable Interest 
Note), bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be 
payable in arrear or in advance as specified in the applicable Final Terms on either:

--- Page 269 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
269 
 
 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls on the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In the Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). For so 
long as any of the Variable Interest Notes is represented by a global Note held on behalf of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, interest will be calculated on the full nominal 
amount outstanding of the relevant Notes and will be paid to Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear for distribution by them to entitled accountholders in accordance with their usual 
rules and operating procedures. In respect of each definitive Variable Interest Note, interest 
will be calculated on its outstanding nominal amount. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 4.2(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest 
Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions and unless otherwise specified, Business Day means a day which is both: 
I. 
a day on which the real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem or any successor or replacement for that system (the T2) 
is operating (a T2 Business Day) and a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for

--- Page 270 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
270 
 
 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each Additional Business Centre specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; and 
II. 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other 
than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or 
New Zealand dollars or Renminbi shall be Sydney, Auckland and 
Hong Kong, Beijing and the Offshore CNY Centre, respectively) or 
(ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, T2 Business Day.  
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Variable Interest Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent under an interest rate 
swap transaction if the Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. A copy of the ISDA Definitions may be obtained from the Issuer. 
(ii) 
FBF Determination 
(A) 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest 
will be payable on such dates, at such a rate (the FBF Rate) and in such 
amounts, plus or minus the Margin (if any), as would have been payable 
(regardless of any event of default or termination event thereunder) by the 
Issuer if it had entered into an interest rate swap transaction governed by an 
agreement in the form of the Master Agreement relating to transactions on 
forward financial instruments incorporating the FBF Definitions (a FBF 
Agreement), as in effect on the date of issue of the Notes, published by the 
Fédération Bancaire Française (the FBF) and evidenced by a Confirmation

--- Page 271 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
271 
 
 
(as defined in the FBF Agreement) with the holder of the relevant Note under 
which: 
I. 
the Issuer was the Floating Amount Payer; 
II. 
the Agent (as defined herein) was the Agent (as defined in the FBF 
Agreement) or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
III. 
the Interest Commencement Date was the Transaction Date; 
IV. 
the lowest Specified Denomination was the Notional Amount; 
V. 
the Interest Payment Dates were the Floating Amount Payment 
Dates; and 
VI. 
all other terms were as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
FBF Definitions means the definitions set out in the FBF Master Agreement as 
supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs Techniques) as published by the 
FBF (a copy of which may be obtained free of charge on the FBF website at 
https://www.fbf.fr/en/schedules-fbf-master-agreement-relating-to-transactions-on-
forward-financial-instruments/), unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(B) 
When paragraph (A) above applies, in respect of each relevant Interest 
Payment Date: 
I. 
the amount of interest determined for such Interest Payment Date will 
be the Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period for the 
purposes of these Conditions as though determined under paragraph 
(d) below; 
II. 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period will be the Floating Rate 
(as defined in the FBF Agreement) determined by the Agent in 
accordance with paragraph (A) above; and 
III. 
the Agent will be deemed to have discharged its obligations under 
paragraph (d) below if it has determined the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amount payable on such Interest Payment Date in the 
manner provided in the preceding sentence. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below or (if 
applicable) to Condition 4.2(b)(iv) below, be either: 
I. 
the offered quotation; or 
II. 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,

--- Page 272 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
272 
 
 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate(s) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Screen Page at the Specified 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
(B) 
In the event that the Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of I above, 
no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of II above, fewer than three 
such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the 
preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the 
offered quotation for the Reference Rate(s) provided by each of the Reference 
Banks at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(C) 
If fewer than two of such banks are quoting to leading banks in the Relevant 
Financial Centre, the Rate of Interest shall (unless otherwise specified) be the 
Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest Determination Date (after 
readjustment for any difference between any Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Period and to 
the relevant Interest Period). 
(D) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being 
€STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the 
daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+
€STRi-pTBD × ni
360
) -1
d0
i=1
] × 360
d  
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 
Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) 
has occurred, the €STR for such T2 Business Day shall be the rate equal 
to €STR in respect of the last T2 Business Day for which such rate was 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 
Business Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate of €STR for each 
T2 Business Day in the relevant €STR Observation Period on or after

--- Page 273 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
273 
 
 
such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end 
of the first T2 Business Day following the date on which the €STR 
Index Cessation Event occurs, then the rate of €STR for each T2 
Business Day in the relevant €STR Observation Period on or after the 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently 
occur, then the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant 
€STR Observation Period occurring on or after that ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined 
as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective 
for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall be published 
by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of 
Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period) 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate 
of Interest shall be determined as if the rate of €STR for each T2 
Business Day in the relevant €STR Observation Period on or after such 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest 
published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later 
date than the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified 
EDFR.  
For the purpose of this paragraph (e): 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do is the number of T2 Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
ECB Recommended Rate means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for €STR by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose 
of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced 
by the European Central Bank or another administrator), as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 274 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
274 
 
 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event means the 
occurrence of one or more of the following events, as determined by the 
Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
(1) a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
(2) a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of 
the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide 
the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date means, in 
respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date 
on which the ECB Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
ECB €STR Guideline means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European 
Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) 
(ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
EDFR means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit 
facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the 
Eurosystem (comprising the European Central Bank and the national central 
banks of those countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on the 
Website of the European Central Bank; 
EDFR Spread means: 
(i) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the 
end of the first T2 Business Day following the date on which the €STR 
Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily 
difference between the €STR and the EDFR for each of the 30 (thirty) 
T2 Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the €STR 
Index Cessation Event occurred; or 
(ii) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event 
occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB 
Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 (thirty) T2

--- Page 275 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
275 
 
 
Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
€STR means, in respect of any T2 Business Day, the interest rate representing 
the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in 
the Euro area provided by the European Central Bank as administrator of such 
rate (or any successor administrator) and published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt 
time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is published as provided in 
Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. 
(Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) on the T2 Business Day 
immediately following such T2 Business Day; 
€STRi-pTBD means, in respect of any T2 Business Day falling in the relevant 
€STR Observation Period, the €STR for the T2 Business Day falling “p” T2 
Business Days prior to the relevant T2 Business Day “i”; 
€STR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent: 
(1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide €STR; or 
(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the 
currency of €STR, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, which states that 
the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide €STR; 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR), as 
determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
€STR Observation Period means in respect of any Interest Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” T2 Business Days prior to the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period (and the first €STR Observation Period shall 
begin on and include the date falling “p” T2 Business Days prior to the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling 
“p” T2 Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date of such Interest 
Period (or the date falling “p” T2 Business Day prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable);

--- Page 276 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
276 
 
 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
T2 Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, to, but excluding, the Interest 
Payment Date corresponding to such Interest Period; 
Modified EDFR means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR 
Spread; 
ni for any T2 Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, the relevant T2 Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the 
immediately following T2 Business in the relevant Interest Period; 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
p means in relation to any Interest Period, the number of T2 Business Days 
included in the Observation Look-Back Period; and 
Website of the European Central Bank means the website of the European 
Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website 
officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
(E) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being 
SOFR, the basis of SOFR rate of interest determination (the SOFR Rate of 
Interest Determination), for which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
will be either SOFR Arithmetic Mean, SOFR Lockout Compound, SOFR 
Lookback Compound, SOFR Shift Compound or SOFR Index Average, as 
specified in the Final Terms, as follows: 
(1) 
if SOFR Arithmetic Mean is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of the SOFR rates for each day during the period, 
plus or minus (as specified in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any), as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final 
Terms), where the SOFR rate on the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date shall 
be used for the days in the period from (and including) the SOFR Rate 
Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date (excluded); 
(2) 
if SOFR Lockout Compound is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND plus or 
minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(3) 
if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or 
minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(4) 
if SOFR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided

--- Page 277 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
277 
 
 
below, be USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(5) 
if SOFR Index Average is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Rate if Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
For the purpose of this Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(E): 
If the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer determines 
on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent 
dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer will have the right 
to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, any determination, decision or election that may be made 
by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer pursuant 
to this Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(E), including any determination with respect to a 
tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action 
or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; (ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent or another entity 
appointed by the Issuer, as applicable; and (iii) notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in the documentation relating to the Programme or the Notes, 
shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any 
other party. 
USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) on the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day following each SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, as follows, with the resulting 
percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+ SOFR𝑖× n𝑖
360
) -1
d0
𝑖=1
] × 360
d  
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
d0, for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 278 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
278 
 
 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Interest Period, means the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up 
to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (i+1); 
SOFRi means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
that is a SOFR Interest Reset Date, SOFR in respect of this SOFR 
Interest Reset Date; 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date means the date that is the second U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period or such other date 
specified in the Final Terms; 
SOFR Interest Reset Date means each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; provided, however, that 
the SOFR with respect to each SOFR Interest Reset Date in the period 
from and including, the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, 
the corresponding Interest Payment Date of an Interest Period, will 
be the SOFR with respect to the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for such 
Interest Period; 
USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a 
daily compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+
SOFRi-pUSGSBD × ni
360
) -1
d0
i=1
] × 360
d  
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
d0, for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 279 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
279 
 
 
Interest Determination Date means, in respect of each Interest 
Period, the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days before each Interest Payment Date; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Interest Period, means the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up 
to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (i+1); 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the Final Terms; 
p means in relation to any Interest Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation 
Look-Back Period; 
SOFRi-pUSGSBD means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest Period, the SOFR for 
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day “i”. 
USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+ SOFR𝑖× n𝑖
360
) -1
d0
𝑖=1
] × 360
d  
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
d0, for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Observation Period, means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (i+1);

--- Page 280 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
280 
 
 
Observation Period means, in respect of each Interest Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling a number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days equal to the Observation Shift 
Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to (but excluding) 
the date falling a number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days equal to the number of Observation Shift Days, preceding the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
Observation Shift Days means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
SOFRi means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
falling in the relevant Observation Period, the SOFR in respect of that 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”. 
USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE means the rate of return of a compounded 
average interest investment (with the SOFR Index as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
𝑑𝑐
) 
Where: 
SOFR IndexStart means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms preceding the first date of the relevant 
Interest Period (a SOFR Index Determination Date). 
SOFR IndexEnd means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms preceding the Interest Payment Date relating 
to such Interest Period (or in the final Interest Period, the Maturity 
Date). 
dc means the number of calendar days from (and including) the 
SOFR IndexStart to (but excluding) the SOFR IndexEnd. 
Subject to paragraph (3) below, if the SOFR Index is not published 
on any relevant SOFR Index Determination Date and a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have not occurred, the “USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE” shall 
be calculated on any Interest Determination Date with respect to an 
Interest 
Period, 
in 
accordance 
with 
“USD-SOFR-SHIFT-
COMPOUND” and the term “Observation Shift Days” shall mean 
two U.S. Government Securities Business Days. If a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, the provisions set forth in the definition of 
“SOFR” below shall apply.

--- Page 281 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
281 
 
 
SOFR means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(1)  
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as published by the New York 
Federal Reserve, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor 
administrator), on the New York Federal Reserve’s (or such 
successor administrator’s) Website on or about 3:00 p.m. (New York 
City time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (the SOFR Determination Time); or 
(2)  
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day does not appear as specified in 
paragraph (i) above, unless both a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate in respect of the last U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which such rate was published on the 
New York Federal Reserve’s (or such successor administrator’s) 
Website; or 
(3) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, 
(i)  
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for 
the applicable corresponding tenor and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment, 
(ii)  
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, or 
(iii)  
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed 
by the Issuer as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes 
at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment. 
SOFR Index means the SOFR Index in relation to any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as published on the New York Federal Reserve’s (or 
such successor administrator’s) Website.  
Benchmark means, initially, SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to the SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” 
means the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order 
presented in clause (3) of the definition of “SOFR” that can be determined by 
the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date.

--- Page 282 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
282 
 
 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth 
in the order below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or another 
entity appointed by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement; 
(2)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent 
to the ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(3)  
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected by the Calculation Agent or another entity 
appointed by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement 
for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time. 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including changes to the definition of “Interest Period”, timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Calculation 
Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer decide may be appropriate to 
reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent or 
another entity appointed by the Issuer decide that adoption of any portion of 
such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation 
Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer determine that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner 
as the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer determine 
is reasonably necessary). 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(1)  
in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on 
which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(2) 
in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will

--- Page 283 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
283 
 
 
be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such 
determination. 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(1)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing 
that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component); 
(2)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or 
such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency 
or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, 
which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(3)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that 
the Benchmark is no longer representative. 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor 
thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor 
definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time. 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor. 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
New York Federal Reserve means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
New York Federal Reserve’s Website means the website of the New York 
Federal Reserve, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor

--- Page 284 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
284 
 
 
website of the New York Federal Reserve or the website of any successor 
administrator of SOFR. 
Reference Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means 
(i) if the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time and (ii) if the 
Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by the Calculation Agent or 
another entity appointed by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes. 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York or any successor thereto. 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USGSBD means any day 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Subject to Condition 6.12, where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time 
when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for any remaining rate of 
interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and shall prevail 
over the other fallbacks specified in Condition 4.2(b) (for the avoidance of doubt, it 
shall not apply to €STR and SOFR). 
(A) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer determines in good faith that: 
I. 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 4.2(b)(iv)(C)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant 
Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 4.2(b)(iv)); or 
II. 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 4.2(b)(iv)(C)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest 
(or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of 
this Condition 4.2(b)(iv)).

--- Page 285 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
285 
 
 
(B) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Issuer determines in good faith (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable). 
(C) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with this Condition 4.2(b)(iv) and the Issuer determines in good 
faith (i) that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including, 
without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, 
Business Days, or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread 
(such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 4.2(b)(iv)(D), without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, 
vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
4.2(b)(iv), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(D) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall notify the Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, 
and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders, promptly of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4.2(b)(iv). 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (in the 
absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest, the Paying 
Agents and the Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
(E) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under the provisions of this 
Condition 4.2(b)(iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 4.2(b) will continue to apply unless and until the 
party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest has been notified of the

--- Page 286 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
286 
 
 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and of any 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments. 
(F) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined pursuant to this provision, the fallback provision for the Original 
Reference Rate specified in Condition 4.2(b)(iii), namely the Rate of Interest 
determined on the preceding Interest Determination Date will continue to 
apply to such determination (though substituting, where a different Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place 
of the Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period).  
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 4.2(b)(iv), 
mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or 
Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and notified in accordance 
with this Condition 4.2(b)(iv) (and, until such determination and notification 
(if any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and 
Conditions including, for the avoidance of doubt, the other fallbacks specified 
in Condition 4.2(b), will continue to apply in accordance with their terms). 
This may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period 
being the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period in question. 
(G) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 6.2(b)(iv): 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either 
case, which the Calculation Agent determines and which is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to 
reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders as a result of the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
I. 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body;  
II. 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate 
where I. above does not apply), is in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital market for transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); or

--- Page 287 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
287 
 
 
III. 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made 
available), or the Calculation Agent determines there is no such 
spread, formula or methodology in customary market usage, the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Issuer determines in accordance with this Condition 4.2(b)(iv) and which is 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes; 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
I. 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published;  
II. 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified 
date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date 
specified in (i); 
III. 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued;  
IV. 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to 
the date specified in (i);  
V. 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will 
be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case within 
the following six months;  
VI. 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate, in the opinion of the supervisor, is no longer 
representative of an underlying market or that its method of 
calculation has significantly changed; 
VII. 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become 
unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate 
of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other party specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder, 
Receiptholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended, if applicable); or

--- Page 288 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
288 
 
 
VIII. 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant 
to Article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended) of any benchmark administrator previously 
authorised to publish such Original Reference Rate has been adopted; 
Original Reference Rate means the Reference Rate or other benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining 
the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on 
the Notes; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable): 
I. 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
II. 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired 
by or constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency 
to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body, and if, following a Benchmark Event, two or more successor or 
replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Issuer shall determine which of those successor or replacement rates is most 
appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, the particular features of the relevant 
Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.  
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined (the Interest Determination Date), determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period.

--- Page 289 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
289 
 
 
Save as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, or in circumstances where FBF 
Determination is applicable, the Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest 
Amount) payable in respect of Variable Interest Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the 
Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Variable Interest Notes which are represented by a Global Note held on 
behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, the full nominal amount 
outstanding of the relevant Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Variable Interest Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Variable Interest Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.2: 
(i) 
if Actual/365 or Actual/Actual is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in 
a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if Actual/365 – FBF is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator 
is the actual number of days elapsed during the Interest Period and whose denominator is 365. 
If part of the Interest period falls in a leap year, Actual/365 – FBF shall mean the sum of (i) 
the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the non-leap year 
and whose denominator is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number of actual 
days elapsed during the leap year and whose denominator is 366; 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of 
a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (a) the last day of the Interest Period is the 
31st day of a month but the first day of the Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st 
day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to 
be shortened to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day of the Interest Period is the last day of the 
month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month)); and

--- Page 290 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
290 
 
 
(vii) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day 
of the Interest Period unless, in the case of an Interest Period ending on the Maturity Date, the 
Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month). 
(e) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which 
the relevant Variable Interest Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each 
Interest Period or if that is impracticable, as soon as reasonably practicable upon the determination of 
such Rate of Interest and Interest Amount). Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  
(f) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4, by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents, and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders, 
and (in the absence of wilful default, fraud or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
4.3 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may elect to convert on the date 
set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed 
Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate 
to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
4.4 
Interest on Fixed or Floating or Zero Coupon/Structured Notes  
Fixed or Floating or Zero Coupon/Structured Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may 
elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate or Floating Rate or Zero 
Coupon to a rate linked to an Underlying Reference, or from a rate linked to an Underlying Reference 
as specified in the Final Terms and determined in accordance with the Technical Annex to a Fixed or 
Floating Rate or Zero Coupon or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed or Floating Rate or 
Zero Coupon to a rate linked to an Underlying Reference or from a rate linked to an Underlying 
Reference to a Fixed or Floating Rate or Zero Coupon on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
4.5 
Interest on Combined Notes 
The Interest Rate of Combined Notes is a combination of several Interest Rates during the lifetime of 
the Notes between a Fixed Rate and/or a Floating Rate and/or a Zero Coupon and/or a rate linked to 
an Underlying Reference as specified in the Final Terms and determined in accordance with the 
Technical Annex (i) that the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms or (ii) 
that will automatically change on the date set out in the Final Terms.

--- Page 291 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
291 
 
 
4.6 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal (and/or 
delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount (if applicable)) is improperly withheld or refused. In such 
event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 13. 
4.7 
Formulae for the calculation of interest 
Interest on the Notes will be determined in accordance with the formulae set out in the Technical 
Annex if specified in the applicable Final Terms. The applicable Day Count Fraction will be as defined 
in Conditions 4.1 and 4.2 above. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen 
to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with a 
bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars, New Zealand dollars or Renminbi, shall be Sydney, 
Auckland and the Offshore CNY Centre, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7, (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant 
to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 7) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto and (iii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code (871(m) Withholding). In addition, in 
determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed with respect to any amounts to be paid on 
the Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any “dividend equivalent” (as defined for purposes 
of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments regardless of any 
exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law. 
Payments on the Notes that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities may be 
calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70%. In 
such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, and the 
Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30% of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 
871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional 
amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld.

--- Page 292 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
292 
 
 
5.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 5.1 above against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of 
definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, 
its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any 
time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of 
such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) 
or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in 
no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Index Linked Note or Long Maturity Note in 
definitive form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for 
further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other 
than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less 
than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity 
Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid 
after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes and 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or surrender, as the 
case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. 
A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment 
of interest, will be made on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented. 
5.4 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of,

--- Page 293 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
293 
 
 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in 
respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
5.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits):  
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars, New Zealand dollars or Renminbi shall be Sydney, 
Auckland and Hong Kong, Beijing and the Offshore CNY Centre, respectively) or (B) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2  is open. 
5.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes;

--- Page 294 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
294 
 
 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts;  
(f) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 6.7); 
and 
(g) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7. 
Any reference in this Condition 5 to payment or repayment (as the case may be) of principal and/or 
interest and other similar expressions shall, where the context so admits, be deemed to refer also to 
delivery of any Asset Amount relating to Physical Delivery Notes. 
5.7 
Physical Delivery Notes 
(a) 
Physical Delivery 
(i) 
Asset Transfer Notices 
In relation to Physical Delivery Notes, in order to obtain delivery of the Asset Amount(s) in 
respect of any Note: 
(A) 
if such Note is represented by a Global Note, the relevant Noteholder must 
deliver to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable) (each a 
relevant Clearing System), with a copy to the Issuer not later than the close 
of business in each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed 
Asset Transfer Notice; and 
(B) 
if such Note is in definitive form, the relevant Noteholder must deliver to any 
Paying Agent with a copy to the Issuer not later than the close of business in 
each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed Asset Transfer 
Notice. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
Asset Amount means the amount of Relevant Asset relating to each Note as set out in the 
Final Terms;  
Asset Transfer Notice means asset transfer notice in the form set out in the Agency 
Agreement duly completed in accordance with the provisions of this Condition;  
Cut-off Date means the date falling three Business Days prior to the Delivery Date; and 
Relevant Asset means the Reference Underlying defined as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Copies of the Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business hours from the 
specified office of any Paying Agent.

--- Page 295 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
295 
 
 
An Asset Transfer Notice may only be delivered (i) if such Note is represented by a Global 
Note in such manner as is acceptable to the relevant Clearing System, or (ii) if such Note is in 
definitive form, in writing together with the Note. 
The Asset Transfer Notice shall: 
(A) 
specify the name and address of the relevant Noteholder and the person from whom 
the Issuer may obtain details for the delivery of the Asset Amount and any details 
required for delivery of the Asset Amount set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, specify the nominal amount of 
Notes which are the subject to such notice and the number of the Noteholder's account 
at the relevant Clearing System to be debited with such Notes and irrevocably instruct 
and authorise the relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, to debit the relevant 
Noteholder's account with such Notes on or before the Delivery Date; 
(C) 
include an undertaking to pay all Delivery Expenses and, in the case of Notes 
represented by a Global Note, an authority to debit a specified account of the 
Noteholder at the relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, in respect thereof and 
to pay such Delivery Expenses; 
(D) 
specify an account to which dividends (if any) payable pursuant to this Condition 5.7 
or any other cash amounts specified in the applicable Final Terms are being payable 
are to be paid; 
(E) 
certify that the beneficial owner of each Note is not a U.S. person (as defined in the 
Asset Transfer Notice), the Note is not being redeemed within the United States or on 
behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or other property have been or will be 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person 
in connection with any redemption thereof;  
(F) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings, 
For the purposes of this Condition, Delivery Expenses means all costs, taxes, duties and/or 
expenses, including stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes 
arising from the delivery of the Asset Amount. 
(ii) 
Verification of the Holder 
Upon receipt of an Asset Transfer Notice the relevant Clearing System shall verify that the 
person delivering the Asset Transfer Notice is the holder of the Notes described therein 
according to its records. Subject thereto, the relevant Clearing System will confirm to the 
Agent the series number and number of Notes the subject of such notice, the relevant account 
details and the details for the delivery of the Asset Amount relating to each Note. Upon receipt 
of such confirmation, the Agent will inform the Issuer thereof.

--- Page 296 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
296 
 
 
(iii) 
Determinations and Delivery 
Failure properly to complete and deliver an Asset Transfer Notice may result in such notice 
being treated as null and void. Any determination as to whether such notice has been properly 
completed and delivered as provided in these Conditions shall be made, in the case of Notes 
represented by a Global Note, by the relevant Clearing System, after consultation with the 
Issuer and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the relevant Noteholder and, in 
the case of Notes in definitive form, by the relevant Paying Agent after consultation with the 
Issuer, and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the relevant Noteholder. 
If any Asset Transfer Notice deemed null and void in accordance with the foregoing paragraph 
is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the relevant Clearing System in consultation 
with the Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new Asset Transfer Notice submitted at the time 
such corrected Asset Transfer Notice was delivered to the relevant Clearing System (with a 
copy to the Agent). 
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the relevant Clearing 
System or the Agent, as the case may be, as provided above. After delivery of an Asset 
Transfer Notice, the relevant Noteholder may not transfer the Notes which are the subject of 
such notice.  
The Asset Amount will be delivered at the risk of the relevant Noteholder, in the manner 
provided below on the Maturity Date (such date, subject to adjustment in accordance with this 
Condition, the Delivery Date), provided that the Asset Transfer Notice is duly delivered to 
the relevant Clearing System (with a copy to the Agent), as provided above on or prior to the 
Cut-Off Date. 
If a Noteholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice as provided herein with a copy to the 
Agent, on or prior to the Cut-Off Date, then the Asset Amount will be delivered as soon as 
practicable after the Maturity Date, as defined in the Final Terms (in which case, such date of 
delivery shall be deemed the Delivery Date) at the risk of such Noteholder in the manner 
provided below. In such circumstances the relevant Noteholder shall not be entitled to any 
payment, whether of interest or otherwise, and the Issuer shall have no liability whatsoever, 
as a result of the Delivery Date falling after the Maturity Date. 
The Issuer shall, at the relevant Noteholder's risk, deliver or procure the delivery of the Asset 
Amount relating to each Note, pursuant to the details specified in the Asset Transfer Notice 
or in such commercially reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent shall in its sole and 
absolute discretion determine and notify to the person designated by the Noteholder in the 
relevant Asset Transfer Notice. No delivery of the Asset Amount shall be made until all 
Delivery Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of the Issuer by the relevant Noteholder. 
(iv) 
General 
Notes held by the same Noteholder will be aggregated for the purpose of determining the 
aggregate Asset Amount in respect of such Notes, provided that, the aggregate Asset Amount 
in respect of the same Noteholder will be rounded down to the nearest whole unit of the 
Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such manner as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine. Therefore, fractions of the Relevant Asset or of each of the 
Relevant Assets, as the case may be, will not be delivered and no cash adjustment will be 
made in respect thereof. 
Following the Delivery Date of a share certificate all dividends on the relevant shares to be 
delivered will be payable to the party that would receive such dividend according to market

--- Page 297 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
297 
 
 
practice for a sale of the shares executed on the Delivery Date and to be delivered in the same 
manner as such relevant Shares. Any such dividends to be paid to a Noteholder will be paid 
to the account specified by the Noteholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice as referred to 
in Condition 5.7(a)(i). 
For such period of time after delivery of the Asset Amount as the Issuer or any person acting 
on behalf of the Issuer shall continue to be the legal owner of the securities comprising the 
Asset Amount (the Intervening Period), none of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
other person shall at any time (i) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to any 
Noteholder any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or, except as provided 
herein, payment whatsoever received by that person in respect of such securities or 
obligations, (ii) be under any obligation to exercise or procure the exercise of any or all rights 
attaching to such securities or obligations or (iii) be under any liability to a Noteholder in 
respect of any loss or damage which such Noteholder may sustain or suffer as a result, whether 
directly or indirectly, of that person being the legal owner during such Intervening Period of 
such securities or obligations. 
(v) 
Settlement Disruption 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Asset Amount using the method of 
delivery specified in the applicable Final Terms, or such other commercially reasonable 
manner as the Calculation Agent has determined, is impracticable because a Settlement 
Disruption Event (as defined below) has occurred and is continuing on the Delivery Date, then 
it shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
and the Delivery Date shall be postponed to the first following Settlement Business Day in 
respect of which there is no such Settlement Disruption Event, provided that, the Issuer may 
elect in its sole and absolute discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Note 
by delivering the Asset Amount using such other commercially reasonable manner as it may 
select and, in such event, the Delivery Date shall be such day as the Issuer deems appropriate 
(acting in a commercially reasonable manner). Noteholders shall not be entitled to any 
payment, whether on account of interest or otherwise, and the Issuer shall have no liability 
whatsoever, as a result of the Delivery Date being postponed due to the occurrence of a 
Settlement Disruption Event. 
Where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all of the Relevant Assets 
comprising the Asset Amount, the Delivery Date for the Relevant Assets unaffected by the 
Settlement Disruption Event will be the originally designated Delivery Date. For so long as 
delivery of part of the Asset Amount is impracticable by reason of a Settlement Disruption 
Event, then in lieu of physical delivery of the affected Relevant Asset(s), and notwithstanding 
any other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect in its sole and absolute discretion to satisfy 
its obligations in respect of the affected portion of the relevant Note(s) by paying the relevant 
Noteholder(s), the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount (as defined below) on the fifth 
Business Day following the date on which Noteholders are notified in accordance with 
Condition 13 of (i) such election having been made and (ii) the manner in which the Issuer 
intends to pay the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount.  
For the purposes of this Condition: 
Disruption Cash Redemption Amount shall be, in respect of any Note, the fair market value 
of such Note (taking into account, where the Settlement Disruption Event affected some but 
not all of the Relevant Assets included in the Asset Amount and such unaffected Relevant 
Assets have been duly delivered as provided above, the value of such unaffected and delivered 
Relevant Assets), less the cost to the Issuer of unwinding any related hedging arrangements, 
all as determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion;

--- Page 298 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
298 
 
 
Settlement Business Day, in respect of each Note, has the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms relating to such Note; and 
Settlement Disruption Event means an event that is beyond the control of the Issuer, 
including illiquidity in the market for the Relevant Assets as a result of which the Issuer cannot 
make delivery of the Relevant Asset(s) using the method specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
(b) 
Variation of Settlement 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, elect 
(i) to deliver or procure delivery on the Maturity Date of the Asset Amount relating to each Note in 
lieu of its obligation to pay Noteholders the Redemption Amount or (ii) to pay Noteholders the 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date in lieu of its obligation to deliver or procure delivery of the 
Asset Amount. Notification of any such election will be given to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13. 
(c) 
Rights of Noteholders and Calculations 
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any of the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility 
for any errors or omissions in committed in connection with any of the calculations or determinations 
contemplated in this Condition 5. 
The purchase of Notes linked to one or more Relevant Assets does not confer on holders of such Notes 
any rights (whether in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) in connection with the applicable 
Relevant Asset(s).  
5.8 
Payment in Alternate Settlement Currency 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, if the Calculation Agent determines, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, that a CNY Disruption Event has occurred or is likely to occur and that 
such CNY Disruption Event is material in relation to the Issuer’s payment obligations under the Notes 
in respect of any forthcoming payment dates (each date, an Affected Payment Date), then the Issuer 
may, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine to take any one or more of the following actions: 
(a) 
the relevant payment by the Issuer shall be postponed to 15 Business Days after the date on 
which the CNY Disruption Event ceases to exist or, if that would not be possible (as 
determined by the Issuer acting in good faith), as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter; 
(b) 
that the Issuer’s obligations to payment in CNY under the terms of the Notes be replaced by 
an obligation to pay such amount in the Alternate Settlement Currency as specified in the Final 
Terms (converted at the Alternate Settlement Rate as determined by the Calculation Agent as 
of a time selected in good faith by the Calculation Agent); and 
(c) 
that the Notes be redeemed in full and not in part and each Note being redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Any payments, either in CNY or in the Alternate Settlement Currency, made by the Issuer with respect 
to its obligations relating to any Affected Payment Date shall be full and final settlement of its 
obligations to pay such amounts under the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no amount of interest shall be payable in respect of any delay in payment 
of any amounts due to the adjustment of any Affected Payment Date.

--- Page 299 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
299 
 
 
Payments of the relevant principal or interest in respect of the Notes in the Alternate Settlement 
Currency shall be made by transfer to the account denominated in the Alternate Settlement Currency 
of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and (in the case of Notes in fully 
registered form) to an account denominated in the Alternate Settlement Currency with a bank 
designated by the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, no such payment in the Alternate 
Settlement Currency shall by itself constitute a default in payment within the meaning of Condition 9. 
Upon the occurrence of a CNY Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice, as soon as practicable 
in accordance with Condition 13, to the Noteholders stating the occurrence of the CNY Disruption 
Event and of the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 5.8 by the Calculation Agent, will (in 
the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all Noteholders. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5: 
Alternate Settlement Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Alternate Settlement Rate means the spot exchange rate between CNY and the Alternate Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent, taking into consideration all available information 
which the Calculation Agent deems relevant (including, but not limited to, the pricing information 
obtained from the CNY non-deliverable market outside the PRC and/or the CNY exchange market 
inside the PRC); 
CNY means the lawful currency of PRC (including any lawful successor currency to the CNY); 
CNY Disruption Event means any one of CNY Illiquidity, CNY Inconvertibility and CNY Non-
Transferability; 
CNY Illiquidity means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible (where it had previously 
been possible) for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to obtain a firm quote in respect of any amounts 
of CNY as may be required to be paid by the Issuer under the Notes on any payment date or such other 
amount as may be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, either in 
one transaction or a commercially reasonable number of transactions in the general CNY exchange 
market in each Offshore CNY Centre in order to perform its obligations under the Notes. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the inability for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to obtain such firm quote 
solely due to issues relating to its creditworthiness shall not constitute CNY Illiquidity; 
CNY Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible (where it had 
previously been possible), impracticable or illegal for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to convert 
any amounts into or from CNY as may be required to be paid by the Issuer under the Notes on any 
payment date or such other amount as may be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion at the general CNY exchange market in each Offshore CNY Centre other than 
where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of that party to 
comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule 
or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes and it is impossible for the 
Issuer and/or any of its affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer or the relevant 
affiliate, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
CNY Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, impracticable 
or illegal for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to transfer CNY (i) between accounts inside an 
Offshore CNY Centre, (ii) from an account inside an Offshore CNY Centre to an account outside such 
Offshore CNY Centre and outside the PRC, or (iii) from an account outside an Offshore CNY Centre

--- Page 300 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
300 
 
 
and outside the PRC to an account inside such Offshore CNY Centre, other than where such 
impossibility, impracticablity or illegality is due solely to the failure of the Issuer and/or the relevant 
affiliate to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless 
such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer and/or 
any of its affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer and/or the relevant affiliate, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of the PRC 
and each Offshore CNY Centre; 
Offshore CNY Centre means any offshore financial centre outside of PRC where PBOC had 
established its Renminbi clearing and settlement system for participating banks in that centre and 
specified in the Final Terms. If no Offshore CNY Centre is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Offshore CNY Centre shall mean Hong Kong only; 
PBOC means the People’s Bank of China; and 
PRC means the People’s Republic of China (excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region 
of the People’s Republic of China, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic 
of China and Taiwan). 
For the avoidance of doubt, references to “general CNY exchange market in each Offshore CNY 
Centre” in the definitions of CNY Illiquidity and CNY Inconvertibility refer to purchase, sale, lending 
or borrowing in CNY for general purposes (including, but not limited to, funding) and therefore any 
purchase or sale of CNY where such CNY is required by relevant laws or regulations for the settlement 
of any cross-border trade transaction with an entity in the PRC, or any purchase or sale of CNY for 
personal customers residing in such Offshore CNY Centre, would not be purchase or sale made on the 
general CNY exchange market. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (or, in the case of Physical Delivery Notes, 
by delivery of the Asset Amount) as specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified 
Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Final Redemption Amount 
which shall be either (a) a fixed amount determined solely by the Issuer at the date of the applicable 
Final Terms and shall be at least equal to the nominal amount of the Notes or (b) calculated in 
accordance with the formulas provided in the Technical Annex. 
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons  
Subject to Condition 6.7, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part, at any time (if this Note is not a Variable Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this 
Note is a Variable Interest Note), on giving not less than the minimum period and not more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, the Issuer has 
or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as 
a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of France or any change in

--- Page 301 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
301 
 
 
the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date of this Base Prospectus; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6.7 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
6.3 
Special Tax Redemption 
If the Issuer would, on the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons be prevented by the laws of France from causing payment to be made to the 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders of the full amount then due and payable, 
notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 7, then the Issuer 
shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Agent and the Issuer shall, upon giving not less than 
seven nor more than 45 days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, 
forthwith redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount, together, if 
appropriate, with accrued interest, on the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer 
could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or 
Coupons provided that if such notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date the date for 
redemption pursuant to such notice to Noteholders shall be the later of: 
(a) 
the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then 
due and payable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons; and 
(b) 
14 days after giving notice to the Agent as aforesaid. 
6.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 6.4 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons), such option being referred to as an Issuer Call. 
The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Issuer Call and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 6.4 for full information on any Issuer Call. In particular, the applicable 
Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount, any 
minimum or maximum amount of Notes which can be redeemed and the applicable notice periods. 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (which 
notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only 
of the Notes then outstanding on any Early Redemption Date and at the Early Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the relevant Early Redemption Date. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Early Redemption Date (being the date on which the Noteholders will receive the Early Redemption 
Amount) will be seven (7) Business Days in Luxembourg following the date on which notice is 
deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with this paragraph and Condition 13. 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount 
and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the case of a redemption of some only of the Notes, the Notes to be

--- Page 302 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
302 
 
 
redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection 
Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of 
such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 days prior 
to the date fixed for redemption. In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, the 
selection will be reflected (at the discretion of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg) either as a 
pool factor or a reduction in aggregate principal amount. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will 
be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date 
fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.4 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 at least five (5) days prior to the Selection Date. 
6.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 not less than fifteen (15) nor more than 30 days' notice the 
Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date. In addition, an amount equal to the Early Reduction Fees may be deducted 
from the Optional redemption Amount if so specified in the applicable Final Terms. It may be that 
before an Investor Put can be exercised, certain conditions and/or circumstances will need to be 
satisfied. Where relevant, the provisions will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling 
within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the 
holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied 
by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following 
delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is represented by a 
Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to 
exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice 
period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them to the Agent by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6.5 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the 
notice given pursuant to this Condition 6.5 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable 
pursuant to Condition 9. 
6.6 
Early Redemption upon the crossing of a Coupon threshold 
If Condition 6.6(a) or 6.6(b) below is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
if on an Interest Payment Date the sum of the Coupons (in percentage of the Specified 
Denomination) paid since the Threshold Observation Start Date (specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) at least equals a Threshold Percentage of the Specified Denomination (specified

--- Page 303 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
303 
 
 
in the applicable Final Terms), the Notes will be early redeemed at a Threshold Redemption 
Amount (specified in the applicable Final Terms), on this Interest Payment Date, such date 
will be deemed to be the Threshold Redemption Date. 
(b) 
if on any date during the lifetime of the Notes the sum of the Coupons plus the accrued interests 
(in percentage of the Specified Denomination) paid or accrued since the Threshold 
Observation Start Date (specified in the applicable Final Terms) equals a Threshold 
Percentage of the Specified Denomination (specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Notes 
will be early redeemed at a Threshold Redemption Amount (specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), on the Threshold Redemption Date, being the next Interest Payment Date after the 
crossing of the Threshold Percentage or the number of business days after the crossing of the 
Threshold Percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Notes are early redeemed upon the crossing of a Coupon threshold, the Issuer shall give notice 
of the early redemption to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 no later than a minimum 
of two business days or the number of business days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Conditions 6.2, 6.3, 6.4 above and Condition 9, each Note will be redeemed at its 
Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof less, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
Early Redemption Unwind Costs; 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note but including an Instalment Note) with 
a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which 
is payable in a Specified Currency other than that in which the Note is denominated, at the 
amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms or, 
if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal 
amount less, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Early Redemption 
Unwind Costs; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) calculated 
in accordance with the following formula less, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, Early Redemption Unwind Costs: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP * (1+AY)^y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and  
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for

--- Page 304 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
304 
 
 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable 
and the denominator will be 365). 
(d) 
if Fair Market Value is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Early Redemption 
Amount, at an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in its sole and absolute 
discretion, which, shall represent the fair market value of the Notes on, or at a time determined 
by the Calculation Agent during a period not exceeding five (5) Business Days immediately 
prior to, the date on which a notice of early redemption is deemed to have been given to the 
Noteholders pursuant to Condition 6.4 and Condition 13 and shall have the effect (after taking 
into account the costs of unwinding any hedging arrangements, as determined by the Issuer in 
its sole and absolute discretion, entered into in respect of the Notes) of preserving for the 
Noteholders the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer to make the payments in 
respect of the Notes which would, but for such early redemption, have fallen due after the 
relevant early redemption date. In respect of Notes bearing interest, notwithstanding any other 
provision of these Conditions, the Early Redemption Amount, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with this paragraph shall include any accrued interest to (but 
excluding) the relevant early redemption date and apart from any such interest included in the 
Early Redemption amount, no interest, accrued or otherwise, or any other amount whatsoever 
will be payable by the Issuer in respect of such redemption. 
Early Redemption Unwind Costs means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or if 
Standard Early Redemption Unwind Costs are specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, expenses 
(including loss of funding), tax and duties incurred by the Issuer in connection with the redemption of 
the Notes and the related termination, settlement or re-establishment of any hedge or related trading 
position, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst each nominal amount of Notes in the 
Specified Denomination. 
6.8 
Instalments 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates. In the case 
of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant to Condition 6.7. 
6.9 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case 
of definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer 
may be, at the option of the Issuer, either surrendered and cancelled or held or resold, in accordance 
with applicable law. 
All Notes purchased by the Issuer may be purchased and held in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations. 
6.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are purchased for cancellation or are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together 
with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time 
of redemption). All Notes cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold.

--- Page 305 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
305 
 
 
6.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.4 or 6.5 above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 6.7(c) above as though 
the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon 
Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
6.12 
Redemption for an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
In the event that an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer may (at its option): 
(i) instruct the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as 
it may determine appropriate to account for the relevant event or circumstance; or 
(ii) having given not less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable), on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 
6.7 and no further interest will be payable since the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
if none, the Issue Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.12: 
Administrator/Benchmark Event means, in relation to any Benchmark, the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event, a Non-Approval Event, a Rejection Event or a 
Suspension/Withdrawal Event. 
Benchmark means any figure which is a benchmark as defined in BMR and where any amount 
payable under the Notes, or the value of the Notes, is determined by reference to such figure, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(i) any material change in such Benchmark; or 
(ii) the permanent cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark. 
BMR means the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended, including by 
Regulation (EU) 2021/168). 
Non-Approval Event means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(i) any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence or approval in respect of the 
Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark is not obtained; 
(ii) the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark is not included in an official register; or

--- Page 306 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
306 
 
 
(iii) the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark does not fulfil any legal or regulatory 
requirement applicable to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Benchmark, 
in each case, as required under any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. For the 
avoidance of doubt, a Non-Approval Event shall not occur if the Benchmark or the administrator of 
the Benchmark is not included in an official register because its authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence or approval is suspended if, at the time of such suspension, the continued 
provision and use of the Benchmark is permitted in respect of the Notes under the applicable law or 
regulation during the period of such suspension. 
Rejection Event means, in respect of the Benchmark, the relevant competent authority or other 
relevant official body rejects or refuses any application for authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence, approval or inclusion in any official register which, in each case, is required 
in relation to the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark under any applicable law or 
regulation for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in 
respect of the Notes. 
Suspension/Withdrawal Event means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(i) the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or withdraws any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in relation to 
the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark which is required under any applicable law or 
regulation in order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its 
obligations in respect of the Notes; or 
(ii) the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark is removed from any official register where 
inclusion in such register is required under any applicable law in order for any of the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Suspension/Withdrawal Event shall not occur if such authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is suspended or where 
inclusion in any official register is withdrawn if, at the time of such suspension or withdrawal, the 
continued provision and use of the Benchmark is permitted in respect of the Notes under the applicable 
law or regulation during the period of such suspension or withdrawal. 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal, interest or other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes, Receipts or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, 
any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
If French law should require that any payments of principal, interest or other revenues in respect of 
the Notes, Receipts or Coupons be subject to withholding or deduction with respect to any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges whatsoever, the Issuer will, to the fullest 
extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction 
shall equal the respective amounts of principal, interest or other revenues which would otherwise have 
been receivable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect 
to any Note, Receipt or Coupon:

--- Page 307 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
307 
 
 
(a) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder 
(including a beneficial owner (ayant droit)) who is liable for such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having 
some connection with France other than the mere holding of (or beneficial ownership with 
respect to) such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.5).  
As used herein, the Relevant Date in relation to any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the date on which 
such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been 
duly received by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, 
the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest 
are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) 
after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) thereof. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5.2 or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5.2. 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT  
The holder of any Note may give written notice to the Issuer and the Agent that the Note is, and it shall 
accordingly forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount, 
together, if appropriate, with accrued interest, if any of the following events (each an Event of Default) 
shall occur: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of 30 days after 
the relevant due date; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Conditions and 
such default is not remedied within 45 days after notice of such default has been given to the 
Issuer by any Noteholder; or 
(c) 
if a judgment is issued for a transfer of the whole of the Issuer’s business (cession totale de 
l'entreprise) or, in the absence of legal proceedings, the Issuer makes a conveyance, 
assignment or other arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or enters into a composition 
with its creditors, or a resolution is passed by the Issuer for its winding-up or dissolution, 
except in connection with a merger or other reorganisation in which all of the Issuer's assets 
are transferred to, and all of the Issuer's debts and liabilities (including the Notes) are assumed 
by, another entity which continues the Issuer's activities. 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced, or destroyed it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Agent, upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses

--- Page 308 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
308 
 
 
as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the 
Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions 
of Condition 8. 
12. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the 
same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding 
Notes.  
13. 
NOTICES 
(a) 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe and (b) if and for so long 
as the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's website, www.luxse.com. It is expected that any such publication in a 
newspaper will be made in the Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg. The Issuer shall also ensure 
that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by 
which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant 
stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed 
to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in 
more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers.  
(b) 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's website at www.luxse.com the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, 
in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading 
by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant 
authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by 
those rules. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on such day as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms after the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
(c) 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given 
by any holder of a Note to the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as

--- Page 309 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
309 
 
 
the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if 
required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more 
persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the 
Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or 
the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes, 
the Receipts or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not 
less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the 
Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, 
and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency 
Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is 
of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to 
comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders 
and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as 
soon as practicable thereafter. 
15. 
AGENTS 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent;  
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority.

--- Page 310 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
310 
 
 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a paying agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 5.4. Notice of any variation, termination, appointment 
or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 13. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents will act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligations or relationship of agency or trust to or with the Noteholders, Receiptholders 
or Couponholders, except that (without affecting the obligations of the Issuer to the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders and Couponholders, to repay Notes and pay interest thereon) funds received by the 
Agent for the payment of the principal of or interest on the Notes shall be held by it in trust for the 
Noteholders and/or Receiptholders or Couponholders until the expiration of the relevant period of 
prescription under Condition 8. The Issuer will agree to perform and observe the obligations imposed 
upon it under the Agency Agreement. The Agency Agreement contains provisions for the 
indemnification of the Paying Agents and for relief from responsibility in certain circumstances, and 
entitles any of them to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any of its subsidiaries 
without being liable to account to the Noteholders, Receiptholders or the Couponholders for any 
resulting profit. 
16. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION  
17.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with any of the aforementioned agreements, 
deeds and documents are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
17.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees that the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons 
(including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons) and accordingly submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
English courts. 
The Issuer waives any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that they are an inconvenient 
or inappropriate forum. The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, may take any 
suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons (including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons) against the 
Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any number of 
jurisdictions. 
17.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Crédit Industriel et Commercial, London Branch at its registered office in England 
at Finsbury Circus House, 15 Finsbury Circus, London EC2M 7EB as its agent for service of process, 
and undertakes that, in the event of Crédit Industriel et Commercial, London Branch ceasing so to act 
or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process

--- Page 311 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
311 
 
 
in England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in 
any other manner permitted by law. 
17.4 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of 
the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those 
set out above. 
18. 
BAIL-IN 
18.1 
Acknowledgement 
Notwithstanding any other term of the Notes or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding 
between the Issuer and the holders, by its subscription and/or purchase and holding of the Notes, each 
holder (which for the purposes of this Condition 18 includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the 
Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees: 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which may include and result in any of the following, or some 
combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on a permanent basis; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to 
the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an 
amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes, in which case 
the holder agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under the Notes any such shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes or Amounts Due; 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
Interest Amount payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest 
becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
and 
(ii) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give 
effect to the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
18.2 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the 
exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer unless, 
at the time such repayment or payment, respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or 
payment would be permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in effect in France 
and the European Union applicable to the Issuer or other members of the Group (being the Issuer and 
its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole). 
18.3 
Notice to Holders 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, 
the Issuer will make available a written notice to the holders as soon as practicable regarding such

--- Page 312 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
312 
 
 
exercise of the Bail-in Power. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Agents for 
information purposes. 
18.4 
Duties of the Agents 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, (a) the Agents shall not 
be required to take any directions from holders, and (b) the Agency Agreement shall impose no duties 
upon any of the Agents whatsoever, in each case with respect to the exercise of any Bail-in Power by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
18.5 
Proration 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-in Power with respect to less than the total 
Amounts Due, unless any of the Agents is otherwise instructed by the Issuer or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the Notes pursuant to the Bail-
in Power will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
18.6 
Conditions Exhaustive 
The matters set forth in this Condition 18 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion 
of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Issuer and any holder of a Note. 
For the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes: 
Amounts Due means the principal amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest, and 
additional amounts payable in accordance with Condition 7, if any, due on the Notes. References to 
such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, 
prior to the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority; 
Bail-in Power means any power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, 
any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in France, relating to (i) the transposition of the 
BRRD II (including but not limited to Ordinance no. 2015-1024 dated 20 August 2015 (Ordonnance 
n° 2015-1024 du 20 août 2015 portant diverses dispositions d’adaptation de la législation au droit de 
l’Union européenne en matière financière) and any other implementing regulations) as amended or 
superseded from time to time, (ii) Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single Resolution Mechanism 
and the Single Resolution Fund and the SRM Regulation) and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards 
created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such 
Regulated Entity) can be reduced, cancelled, suspended, modified, or converted into shares, other 
securities, or other obligations of such Regulated Entity (or affiliate of such Regulated Entity); 
BRRD II means Directive (EU) No. 2014/59 of 15 May 2014 establishing the framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended, or such other directive 
as may come into effect in place thereof, as implemented into French law by Ordinance no. 2015-1024 
dated 20 August 2015 (Ordonnance n° 2015-1024 du 20 août 2015 portant diverses dispositions 
d’adaptation de la législation au droit de l’Union européenne en matière financière), as amended or 
replaced from time to time and including any other relevant implementing regulatory provisions; 
Regulated Entity means any entity to which BRRD II, as implemented in France (including but not 
limited to, by Ordinance no. 2015-1024 dated 20 August 2015 (Ordonnance n° 2015-1024 du 20 août 
2015 portant diverses dispositions d’adaptation de la législation au droit de l’Union européenne en 
matière financière) and any other implementing regulations) and as amended or superseded from time

--- Page 313 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
 
 
313 
 
 
to time, or any other French piece of legislation relating to the Bail-in Power, applies, which includes, 
certain credit institutions, investment firms, and certain of their parent or holding companies; and 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution, the Single 
Resolution Board (SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority 
entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Bail-in Power from time to time.

--- Page 314 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
314 
 
 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
Sections 19 to 27 below are applicable to both English Law Notes and French Law Notes. Any reference to 
“Notes” therein shall therefore apply to English Law Notes or French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
19. 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
This Condition 19 applies to Credit Linked Notes only. The Technical Annex set out on pages 503 to 
536 of this Base Prospectus contains provisions relating to the formulae used to determine amounts 
payable under Credit Linked Notes. The applicable Final Terms must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 19 and with the Technical Annex for full information on any Credit Linked Notes. The 
applicable Final Terms will specify whether the principal is guaranteed at maturity or not and identify 
the relevant Reference Entity(ies), the relevant Credit Event(s), the applicable Settlement Method 
(Auction Settlement, Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement) and Fallback Settlement Method, the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, the Scheduled Termination Date, the Valuation Date and the Valuation 
Time, the Valuation Method and the relevant formula, all as determined in accordance with this 
Condition 19 and the Technical Annex. 
In the case of a single Credit Linked Note or in the case of a basket of Credit Linked Notes where 
a single Reference Entity or Reference Obligation represents 20% or more of the pool, the 
Reference Entity (or the issuer of the Reference Obligation) must have securities already 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, equivalent third country market or SME growth 
market. 
2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS 
19.1 
Payment of Credit Linked Interest upon occurrence of a Credit Event 
If payment of Interest under the Notes is conditional upon the occurrence or the non-occurrence of a 
Credit Event on a Reference Obligation or Reference Entity during the Reference Period, the 
applicable Final Terms will provide for the formula and/or conditions of such payment in accordance 
with the provisions of the Technical Annex. 
19.2 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes upon occurrence of a Credit Event 
(a) 
Credit Event Notice 
If at any time the Calculation Agent determines that a Credit Event has occurred during the Reference 
Period, whether or not such event is continuing, the Issuer may give a Credit Event Notice during the 
Notice Delivery Period to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes 
or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, of its intention to redeem the Credit 
Linked Notes (other than principal protected Credit Linked Notes), and if such notice is so given, the 
Issuer shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms and in accordance with the 
provisions of the Technical Annex, redeem all but not some only of the Credit Linked Notes then 
outstanding on the Credit Event Redemption Date, subject to the provisions of Condition 19.15, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. Such redemption shall occur by Physical 
Settlement and/or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, Cash Settlement or Auction 
Settlement. 
The Credit Event Redemption Date may be a date falling after the originally scheduled Maturity Date 
in which case the originally scheduled Maturity Date shall be deemed to be replaced by the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Event Notice or otherwise notified to the Noteholders.

--- Page 315 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
315 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, no amount 
of interest shall be payable on the Notes from (and including) the Interest Payment Date (or, the Interest 
Commencement Date) immediately preceding the date on which the Credit Event occurred, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Credit Event Notice shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the 
English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, and shall: 
(i) 
describe the grounds on which the Calculation Agent has determined that a Credit 
Event has occurred (but need not assert that a Credit Event is continuing);  
(ii) 
specify the Credit Event Determination Date; and 
(iii) 
confirm that either (A) the Notes will be redeemed by Delivery of the Deliverable 
Obligations as specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement (in the case of Physical 
Settlement and subject to the provisions of Condition 19.14) or (B) the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Cash Settlement) or (C) the 
Notes will be redeemed at their Auction Settlement Amount (in the case of Auction 
Settlement), in each case on the Credit Event Redemption Date. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms in respect of principal protected Credit Linked 
Notes, once a Credit Event has occurred during the Reference Period and a Credit Event Notice has 
been issued, the Issuer's only obligation, other than to deliver a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information (if specified in the applicable Final Terms) and, in the case of Physical Settlement, a 
Notice of Physical Settlement, shall be to deliver (subject to the provisions of Conditions 19.8, 19.9, 
19.10 and 19.11) the Deliverable Obligations (in the case of Physical Settlement) and/or pay the Cash 
Settlement Amount (in the case of Cash Settlement) or, as the case may be, pay a pro rata amount in 
respect of each Note of the Auction Settlement Amount (in the case of Auction Settlement), on the 
Credit Event Redemption Date. Upon Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations and/or, as the case may 
be, payment of the Cash Settlement Amount or Auction Settlement Amount in respect of each Note, 
the Issuer shall have discharged all of its obligations in respect of such Note and shall have no other 
liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof. 
Where Restructuring is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being an applicable Credit Event, 
there may be more than one Credit Event Notice delivered in respect of the same Reference Entity, as 
further described in Condition 19.15 below. 
If "First to Default Credit Linked Note" is specified as "Applicable" in the Final Terms, then this 
paragraph (a) shall apply only to the Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred 
first in time with respect to the other Reference Entities specified in the Final Terms. 
(b) 
Determination of the occurrence of a Credit Event 
The Calculation Agent shall determine whether or not a Credit Event has occurred during the 
Reference Period. The Calculation Agent shall, however, have no duty or responsibility to investigate 
or check whether such Credit Event has or may have occurred or is continuing on any date and shall 
be entitled to assume, in the absence of actual knowledge to the contrary of the employees or officers 
of the Calculation Agent directly responsible for the time being for making determinations hereunder, 
that no Credit Event has occurred or is continuing.  
When determining the existence or occurrence of any Credit Event, the determination shall be made 
without regard to:

--- Page 316 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
316 
 
 
(i) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of a Reference Entity to enter into 
any Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying 
Obligation; 
(ii) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with 
respect to any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however 
described; 
(iii) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however 
described; or 
(iv) 
the imposition of or any change in any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any 
other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however 
described. 
If the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that a Credit Event has occurred 
during the Reference Period it shall promptly notify the Issuer and the Agent. The determination by 
the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of a Credit Event shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad 
faith or manifest error) be conclusive and binding on all persons (including, without limitation, the 
Noteholders). 
(c) 
Calculation Agent and notices 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, 
event or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or 
permitted to be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent under or pursuant to this 
Condition shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer and the 
Noteholders. In performing its duties pursuant to the Notes, the Calculation Agent shall act in its sole 
and absolute discretion. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Calculation Agent in the 
performance or exercise of any of its obligations or discretions under or pursuant to the Notes 
including, without limitation, the giving of any notice to any party, shall not affect the validity or 
binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such obligation or discretion, and neither the 
Calculation Agent nor the Issuer shall bear any liability in respect of, or consequent upon, any such 
delay, deferral or forbearance. 
A notice delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and/or the Agent on or prior to 5.00 p.m., 
Luxembourg time on a T2 Business Day will be effective on such T2 Business Day. A notice delivered 
after 5:00 p.m., Luxembourg time will be deemed effective on the next following Business Day 
regardless of the form in which it is delivered. For the purposes of the two preceding sentences, a 
notice given by telephone will be deemed to have been delivered at the time the telephone conversation 
takes place. If the notice is delivered by telephone, a written confirmation will be executed and 
delivered confirming the substance of such notice within one T2 Business Day of such notice. 
19.3 
Auction Settlement 
Where the Issuer is to redeem Notes by means of Auction Settlement, the redemption of each Note 
shall be effected by the payment of the Auction Settlement Amount on the Credit Event Redemption 
Date, such amount to be apportioned pro rata among the Noteholders, rounding the resulting figure 
downwards to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant currency.

--- Page 317 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
317 
 
 
Unless settlement has occurred in accordance with the above paragraph, if (a) an Auction Cancellation 
Date occurs, (b) a No Auction Announcement Date occurs (and in circumstances where such No 
Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of No Auction 
Announcement Date, the Issuer has not exercised the Movement Option), (c) ISDA publicly announces 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved, following a Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, not to determine the matters described in the definition of Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, (d) a Credit Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to paragraph 
(a)(i) of the definition of Credit Event Determination Date or paragraph (a) of the definition of Non-
Standard Credit Event Determination Date and no Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred 
on or prior to the date falling three Business Days after such Credit Event Determination Date or (e) 
if the Issuer (or an affiliate acting on behalf of the Issuer) otherwise determines that it is appropriate 
by reference to its and/or any of its affiliates' Hedge Positions: 
(a) 
if "Fallback Settlement Method – Physical Settlement" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 19.6; 
or 
(b) 
if "Fallback Settlement Method – Cash Settlement" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 19.7. 
19.4 
Market Disruption 
Market Disruption Event means the occurrence or existence of a specific circumstance or a 
combination of circumstances, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material and 
which objectively prevents it from determining whether a Knock-in or Knock-out Event has occurred, 
at any time during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event 
or a Knock-out Event begins or ends at the time when the event triggers respectively the Knock-in 
Level or the Knock-out Level or (b) in all other circumstances ends at the relevant Valuation Time.  
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, 
of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day would 
have been a Knock-in Determination Day, a Knock-out Determination Day or a Valuation Date. 
19.5 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, unless otherwise specified in 
such Final Terms, amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and/or payment under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
If Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, unless otherwise specified in 
such Final Terms, amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and/or payment under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will 
be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day for the purposes 
of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is any time or period of time during any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out

--- Page 318 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
318 
 
 
Determination Day and at any time during the one hour period that begins and/or ends at the time on 
which the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level has been triggered, a Market Disruption Event 
occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred. 
For the purposes of this Condition 19: 
Knock-in Event means an event specified as such in the applicable Final Terms as of the Knock-in 
Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day and which may be an event per se, specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or depending on being (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) 
"less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-in Level. 
Knock-in Level means a level specified as such in the applicable Final terms, subject to adjustment 
from time to time in accordance with the provisions of "Market Disruption" set out in Condition 19.4 
above. 
Knock-in Determination Day means a day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or each 
Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period subject to, in either case, the 
provisions of "Market Disruption" set out in Condition 19.4 above. For the purposes of a Market 
Disruption, any Knock-in Determination Day will be treated as a Valuation Date and the provisions 
contained in the definition of "Valuation Date" set out below shall apply. If any such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the 
case may be, contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if 
references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Knock-in Determination Day". 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
Knock-out Event means an event specified as such in the applicable Final Terms as of the Knock-out 
Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day and which may be an event per se or depending 
on being (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" 
the Knock-out Level. 
Knock-out Level means a level determined as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of "Market Disruption" set out in 
Condition 19.4 above. 
Knock-out Determination Day means a day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or each 
Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period subject to, in either case, the 
provisions of "Market Disruption" set out in Condition 19.4 above. For the purposes of a Market 
Disruption, any Knock-out Determination Day will be treated as a Valuation Date and the provisions 
contained in the definition of "Valuation Date" set out below shall apply. If any such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the 
case may be, contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if 
references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Knock-out Determination Day". 
Knock-out Determination Period means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date.

--- Page 319 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
319 
 
 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
19.6 
Physical Settlement 
Where the Issuer is to redeem the Notes by means of Physical Settlement, the redemption of each Note 
shall, subject as provided in Condition 5.7, be effected by the Delivery Agent on behalf of the Issuer 
to the Noteholders of the Deliverable Obligations on the Credit Event Redemption Date.  
If Unwind Amount is specified as "Applicable" in the Final Terms, then the Delivery Agent on behalf 
of the Issuer shall deliver the Deliverable Obligations subject to adjustment after taking into 
consideration the Unwind Amount pursuant to the following: 
(a) 
if the Unwind Amount results in a net loss to the Issuer, then an amount of the Deliverable 
Obligations equivalent in value to such net loss shall be sold by the Issuer to compensate it 
therefor, and the remaining portion of the Deliverable Obligations, if any, shall be delivered; 
or 
(b) 
if the Unwind Amount results in a net gain to the Issuer, such net gain shall be paid in cash to 
the Noteholders in addition to the Deliverable Obligations. 
In the case of Deliverable Obligations that are Borrowed Money obligations, (i) the Issuer will Deliver 
Deliverable Obligations with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as the 
case may be, (including accrued but unpaid interest (as determined by Calculation Agent) if "Include 
Accrued Interest" is specified in the Final Terms, but excluding accrued but unpaid interest if "Exclude 
Accrued Interest" is specified in the Final Terms, and if neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the Final Terms, excluding accrued but unpaid interest) and 
(ii) in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are not Borrowed Money obligations, the Issuer will 
Deliver Deliverable Obligations with a Due and Payable Amount (or, in the case of either (i) or (ii), 
the equivalent Currency Amount of any such amount), in an aggregate amount as close as possible to 
the outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes. 
The portion of Deliverable Obligations deliverable in respect of each Note shall be determined by 
reference to the proportion that the Specified Denomination of such Note bears to the outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes. If a Deliverable Obligation by its terms represents or 
contemplates an obligation to pay an amount greater than the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due 
and Payable Amount, as the case may be, of such obligation as of the Delivery Date as a result of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due 
and Payable Amount, as the case may be, of such obligation shall not include any additional amount 
that would be payable upon the occurrence or non-occurrence of such event or circumstance. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Physical Settlement must be 
delivered by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes 
or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, on or before the 30th calendar day after 
the relevant Event Determination Date (such 30th calendar day being the Physical Determination 
Date). For purposes of determining whether such Notice of Physical Settlement has been so delivered

--- Page 320 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
320 
 
 
by the Physical Determination Date, the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement is given 
(whether or not subsequently changed) shall be used.   
For the avoidance of doubt, failure to deliver a Notice of Physical Settlement to the Noteholders shall 
not relieve the Issuer from its obligation to redeem the Notes. If on the Physical Determination Date 
no Notice of Physical Settlement has been delivered to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, the Issuer 
shall be obliged to redeem the Notes in cash at their outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount as soon 
as reasonably practicable and the date on which the Notes are redeemed shall be deemed to be the 
Credit Event Redemption Date.  
19.7 
Cash Settlement 
Where the Issuer is to redeem the Notes by means of Cash Settlement, the redemption of each Note 
shall be effected by the payment by the Issuer to the Noteholders of the Cash Settlement Amount on 
the Cash Settlement Date, such amount to be apportioned pro rata among the Noteholders, rounding 
the resulting figure downwards to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant currency. 
If Unwind Amount is specified as "Applicable" in the Final Terms, then the Issuer shall pay the Cash 
Settlement Amount, subject to adjustment after taking into consideration the Unwind Amount pursuant 
to the following: 
(a) 
if the Unwind Amount results in a net loss to the Issuer, then the net loss shall be deducted 
from the Cash Settlement Amount; or 
(b) 
if the Unwind Amount results in a net gain to the Issuer, such net gain shall be paid to the 
Noteholders in addition to the Cash Settlement Amount. 
19.8 
Partial Cash Settlement due to illegality or impossibility 
If, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer or a Noteholder (including, without limitation, 
failure of the relevant clearing system or due to any law, regulation or court order but excluding market 
conditions or the failure to obtain any requisite consent with respect to the Delivery of Loans), the 
Calculation Agent determines in its sole discretion that it is impossible or illegal for the Delivery Agent 
or the Issuer to Deliver, or (as the case may be) for such Noteholder to accept Delivery of, any portion 
of the Deliverable Obligations on the Physical Settlement Date, then on such date: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall Deliver, or cause the Delivery Agent to Deliver, and the Noteholder shall take 
Delivery of, that portion of the Deliverable Obligations which it is possible and legal to 
Deliver; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall provide a description to the Issuer and the relevant Noteholder(s) 
in reasonable detail of the facts giving rise to such impossibility or illegality and as soon as 
practicable thereafter the Delivery Agent or, as the case may be, the Issuer shall Deliver and 
the Noteholder shall take Delivery of the portion of the Deliverable Obligations which has 
not been Delivered and such date will be deemed to be the Credit Event Redemption Date.  
If, upon the determination by the Calculation Agent as aforesaid of the occurrence of any such 
impossibility or illegality, the Deliverable Obligations is not Delivered to the Noteholder(s) (or any of 
their designees) on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, Cash Settlement 
pursuant to the Partial Cash Settlement Terms shall be deemed to apply to such portion of the 
Deliverable Obligations that cannot be Delivered (the Undeliverable Obligations).

--- Page 321 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
321 
 
 
19.9 
Partial Cash Settlement of Loans 
Where the applicable Final Terms provides that "Assignable Loan" and/or "Consent Required Loan" 
is/are included in the "Deliverable Obligation Characteristics", if any Assignable Loans or Consent 
Required Loans are not, on the Physical Settlement Date, capable of being assigned or novated to any 
particular Noteholder or such Noteholder's designee due to non-receipt of any requisite consents and 
such consents are not obtained or deemed given by the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date 
(together the Undeliverable Loan Obligations), Cash Settlement pursuant to the Partial Cash 
Settlement Terms shall be deemed to apply to that portion of the Deliverable Obligations that consists 
of Undeliverable Loan Obligations. In such circumstances, the Issuer may satisfy its obligations in 
respect of such portion of the Deliverable Obligations by payment of the Partial Cash Settlement 
Amount on the Partial Cash Settlement Date. 
19.10 Alternative Cash Settlement 
If with respect to physically settled Notes, (i) the Deliverable Obligations comprise Bonds, Assignable 
Loans or Consent Required Loans (the Deliverable Assets) and if (ii), in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, any particular Noteholder is not eligible for Physical Settlement for any part of such 
Deliverable Assets (the Non-Eligible Deliverable Assets) then such Non-Eligible Deliverable Assets 
will be subject to Cash Settlement pursuant to the Partial Cash Settlement Terms. In such 
circumstances, the Issuer may satisfy its obligations in respect of such Non-Eligible Deliverable Assets 
by payment to such Noteholder of the Partial Cash Settlement Amount on the Partial Cash Settlement 
Date. 
19.11 No Deliverable Obligations 
Where the Issuer is to redeem the Notes by means of Physical Settlement (or by Cash Settlement or in 
connection with principal protected Credit Linked Notes, in either case when necessary calculations 
relate to Deliverable Obligations or Deliverable Obligation Characteristics), if a Credit Event occurs 
with respect to any particular Reference Entity and the Calculation Agent determines in its sole 
discretion that (a) no Deliverable Obligation exists on the Physical Settlement Date (or the Valuation 
Date, as the case may be), or (b) the Issuer, or the Delivery Agent on the Issuer's behalf, is for any 
reason (other than (a) immediately above or as set out in Condition 19.8 or 19.9 above or in the 
applicable Final Terms), unable to procure any Deliverable Obligations, or a sufficient amount of 
Deliverable Obligations, by the thirtieth day following the Physical Settlement Date, then the 
Calculation Agent shall have the right in its sole discretion to either (i) in the case of (a) above, cause 
all of the Notes to become due and repayable as soon as reasonably practicable at their outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount (excluding accrued interest) or (ii) in the case of (b) above, either (A) 
elect Physical Settlement in a pro rata fashion that portion of each Note to the extent that the aggregate 
amount of Deliverable Obligations due exceeds the aggregate amount of Deliverable Obligations 
available and elect Cash Settlement for the remaining portion of each Note in accordance with (B) 
below, or (B) elect that Cash Settlement pursuant to the Partial Cash Settlement Terms shall apply to 
such Deliverable Obligation (such Deliverable Obligation being deemed an Undeliverable Obligation 
for these purposes) and the Issuer may satisfy its obligations in respect of such Deliverable Obligation 
by payment to the Noteholder(s) of the Partial Cash Settlement Amount on the Partial Cash Settlement 
Date, such amount to be apportioned pro rata among the Noteholders. 
19.12 Partial Cash Settlement Terms 
The following terms are deemed to be defined as follows for the purposes of the Partial Cash 
Settlement Terms referred to in Condition 19.8, 19.9, 19.10 and 19.11 above. 
Dealer means a dealer, financial institution or fund (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include 
the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer) that deals or invests in obligations of the type of Obligation(s)

--- Page 322 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
322 
 
 
for which Quotations are to be obtained. The Calculation Agent shall select the Dealers in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner. Upon a selected Dealer no longer being in existence (with 
no successors), or not being an active dealer in the obligations of the type for which Quotations are to 
be obtained, the Calculation Agent may substitute any other Dealer(s) for one or more of the foregoing. 
Any bid quotation provided by the Issuer shall be deemed to be a firm quotation that it would provide 
to a counterparty in the market. 
Final Price means the price of the obligation being valued, expressed as a percentage, determined in 
accordance with the specified Valuation Method. The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable 
after obtaining all Quotations for a Valuation Date, notify the Issuer of each such Quotation that it 
receives in connection with the calculation of the Final Price and shall provide the Issuer a written 
computation showing its calculation of the Final Price. 
Highest means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in accordance with the 
definition of "Quotation") with respect to any Valuation Date. 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date means, in respect of Condition 19.8, the date that is 30 
calendar days after the Physical Settlement Date and, in respect of Condition 19.9, the date that is 
fifteen Business Days after the Physical Settlement Date. 
Market means the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to the Valuation 
Date.  
Market Value means, with respect to obligations being valued on a Valuation Date, (i) if more than 
three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, disregarding the Full 
Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the 
same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be 
disregarded); (ii) if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after 
disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have 
the same highest and lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be 
disregarded); (iii) if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations; (iv) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and a Weighted Average Quotation is 
obtained, such Weighted Average Quotation; (v) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and 
no Weighted Average Quotation is obtained on any of the next ten Business Days thereafter, any one 
Full Quotation on such tenth Business Day, and or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the Market Value 
shall be the weighted average of any firm quotations obtained from Dealers on such tenth Business 
Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were 
obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm 
quotations were not obtained on such day. 
Minimum Quotation Amount shall be as specified in the applicable Final Terms or shall be deemed 
to be equal to the applicable Specified Denomination of the Notes. 
Partial Cash Settlement is deemed to be the payment by the Issuer of the Partial Cash Settlement 
Amount to the Noteholders on the Partial Cash Settlement Date.  
Partial Cash Settlement Amount is deemed to be, for each Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable 
Loan Obligation or Non-Eligible Deliverable Asset, the aggregate of the greater of (i) the aggregate 
of (A) Outstanding Principal Balance, Due and Payable Amount or Currency Amount, as applicable, 
of each Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation or Non-Eligible Deliverable Asset, 
multiplied by (B) the Final Price with respect to such Undeliverable Obligation or Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation and (ii) zero provided that where (i) a relevant Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable 
Loan Obligation or Non-Eligible Deliverable Asset forms part of the Asset Package and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent determines in its sole discretion that a Final Price cannot be reasonably determined

--- Page 323 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
323 
 
 
in respect of such Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation or Non-Eligible 
Deliverable Asset, then the Partial Cash Settlement Amount (i) shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion equal to the fair market value of the relevant Undeliverable 
Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation or Non-Eligible Deliverable Asset by reference to such 
source(s) as it determines appropriate and (ii) may be zero.  
Partial Cash Settlement Date is deemed to be the date that is three Business Days after the calculation 
of the Final Price or such other date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Quotation means each Full Quotation, the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and expressed as a 
percentage of the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable of the 
relevant Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation or Non-Eligible Deliverable Asset, 
with respect to a Valuation Date as follows: 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation Date 
from five or more Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more such Full 
Quotations on the same Business Day within three Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on the 
next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth 
Business Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain 
Full Quotations from five or more Dealers, and, if two or more Full Quotations are not available, a 
Weighted Average Quotation. If two or more such Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation 
are not available on any such Business Day, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation 
obtained from a Dealer on such tenth Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted 
average of any firm quotations obtained from Dealers on such tenth Business Day with respect to the 
aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained and a quotation 
deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not 
obtained on such day. 
Quotation Amount shall be as specified in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise shall be deemed 
to be, with respect to each type of Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation or Non-
Eligible Deliverable Asset, an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency converted by the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the 
time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained), as applicable, of such Undeliverable Obligation, 
Undeliverable Loan Obligation or Non-Eligible Deliverable Asset. 
Quotation Method means the applicable quotation method which may be specified in the Final Terms 
as being one of the following: 
(a) 
Bid means that only bid quotations shall be requested; 
(b) 
Mid means that the bid and offer quotations shall be requested and averaged for the purposes 
of determining a relevant Dealer's quotation; or 
(c) 
Ask means that only offer quotations shall be requested. 
Valuation Date is deemed to be the date that is two Business Days after the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date. 
Valuation Time is deemed to be 11:00 a.m. London time, or 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market 
of the relevant obligation as determined by the Calculation Agent, unless stated otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 324 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
324 
 
 
Valuation Method shall be as specified in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise shall be deemed 
to be, (i) if only one Valuation Date, Highest, or (ii) if more than one Valuation Date, Average Highest, 
or if "Market" has been designated in the relevant Final Terms, "Market Value" shall apply. 
Weighted Average Quotation means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the weighted 
average of firm quotations obtained from Relevant Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, with an amount of as large a size as available but less than the Quotation 
Amount that in aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
19.13 Maturity Date Extension 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms if, prior to any payment date under the Notes, 
(a) a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred with respect to one or more of the Obligations; (b) under 
the terms of such Obligation(s), a grace period is applicable to payments under the Obligation(s); and 
(c) such grace period does not expire on or prior to such payment date under the Notes, then such 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Maturity Date, shall be postponed until the fifth 
Business Day after such Potential Failure to Pay has been remedied, provided that a Credit Event shall 
be deemed to have occurred, and no payment shall be made, if the Potential Failure to Pay has not 
been remedied during the applicable grace period. 
No adjustment shall be made to the amount of any interest as a result of such delay. The Issuer shall 
endeavour to give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes 
or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, as soon as reasonably practicable should 
the Maturity Date or any payment date be postponed pursuant to the foregoing. 
19.14 Repudiation/Moratorium Maturity Date Extension 
Unless stated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms if, prior to the Maturity Date under the Notes, 
(a) "Repudiation/Moratorium" is listed as an applicable Credit Event in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to one or more of the Obligations; 
and (c) such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has not been remedied or rescinded prior to the 
Maturity Date, then the Maturity Date shall be postponed until the fifth Business Day after such 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has been remedied or rescinded, provided that a Credit Event shall 
be deemed to have occurred, and no payment shall be made, if (i) such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has not been remedied or rescinded by the sixtieth day after the original 
Maturity Date (or if the Obligation which is the subject of the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium is a 
Bond, the later of the sixtieth day or the first payment date under such Bond after the Maturity Date), 
or (ii) a Restructuring (without regard to the Default Requirement) or a Failure to Pay (determined 
without regard to the Payment Requirement or any change or amendment to such Obligation as a result 
of such Restructuring), has occurred with respect to any such Obligation. 
No adjustment shall be made to the amount of any interest as a result of such delay. The Issuer shall 
endeavour to give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes 
or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, as soon as reasonably practicable should 
the Maturity Date be postponed pursuant to the foregoing. 
19.15 Restructuring Credit Event Applicable 
Where Restructuring is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being an applicable Credit Event, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms with respect to a specific Reference Entity, 
upon the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring the Issuer may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices 
with respect to such Restructuring Credit Event. Accordingly, notwithstanding Conditions 19.1 to 
19.14 above, where an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred and the Issuer has delivered a Credit Event 
Notice for an amount that is less than the outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes

--- Page 325 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
325 
 
 
outstanding immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice (the Exercise Amount), the 
provisions of Conditions 19.1 to 19.14 above shall be deemed to apply to a nominal amount equal to 
the Exercise Amount only and all the provisions shall be construed accordingly. Each such Note shall 
be redeemed in part (such redeemed part being equal to the resultant figure of the Exercise Amount 
divided by the number of Notes outstanding). 
The Notes shall be deemed to be redeemed pro rata in an amount equal to the Exercise Amount only. 
The Notes in an amount equal to the Outstanding Amount shall remain outstanding and interest shall 
accrue on the Outstanding Amount as provided for in Condition 4 (adjusted in such manner as the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines to be appropriate). 
In respect of any subsequent Credit Event Notices delivered: 
(a) 
the Exercise Amount in connection with a Credit Event Notice describing a Credit Event other 
than a Restructuring must be equal to the then outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Notes (and not a portion thereof); and 
(b) 
the Exercise Amount in connection with a Credit Event Notice describing a Restructuring 
Credit Event must be an amount that is at least 1,000,000 units of the currency (or, if Japanese 
Yen, 100,000,000 units) in which the nominal amount is denominated or any integral multiple 
thereof or the entire then outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes. 
If the provisions of this Condition 19.15 apply in respect of the Notes, on redemption of part of each 
such Note, the relevant Note or, if the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such Global Note shall 
be endorsed to reflect such partial redemption. 
19.16 General 
For such period of time after the relevant Physical Settlement Date as the Issuer or any other person 
(other than a Noteholder) shall continue to be the legal owner of the securities, interests or other assets 
comprising the Deliverable Obligations (the Intervening Period), neither the Issuer nor any other 
such person shall: 
(a) 
be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to such Noteholder(s) or any subsequent 
beneficial owner of such securities any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other 
document or payment whatsoever received by that person in its capacity as the holder of such 
securities; or 
(b) 
be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights (including voting 
rights) attaching to such securities during the Intervening Period; or 
(c) 
be under any liability to such Noteholder(s) or any subsequent beneficial owner of such 
securities in respect of any loss or damage which such Noteholder(s) or subsequent beneficial 
owner may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of that person being the 
legal owner of such securities during such Intervening Period (including, without limitation, 
any loss or damage resulting from the failure to exercise any or all rights (including voting 
rights) attaching to such securities during the Intervening Period). 
19.17 Consequences of an Early Amortisation of the Reference Obligation 
If the Reference Obligation Notional Amount, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, is subject to 
reduction as a result of scheduled or accelerated amortisation, acceleration of payment obligations, 
redemption or otherwise, but excluding any payment in respect of principal representing capitalised 
interest (an Early Amortisation), then the Issuer may elect in its sole and absolute discretion, after

--- Page 326 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
326 
 
 
giving Notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or 
Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be: 
(a) 
to maintain the Terms and Conditions of the Notes unaltered; 
(b) 
to partially redeem each Note within five (5) Business Days following the Early Amortisation 
Date by an amount (the Redeemed Amount) equal to its pro rata share of the Fair Market 
Value of such portion of the Reference Obligation Notional Amount early amortised on the 
Early Amortisation Date (as defined below) (where such pro rata share will be determined by 
reference to the proportion of the outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes), plus 
interest for the period from and including the Early Amortisation Date to but excluding the 
redemption date calculated on the basis of a rate of interest equal to the arithmetic mean of 
€STR (as defined in the Conditions) on the Early Redemption Date. The Specified 
Denomination, the formula or any other characteristics of the Notes shall be adjusted 
accordingly by the Calculation Agent to reflect such Early Amortisation. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the portion of the Notes not affected by the Early Amortisation shall remain outstanding 
with full force and effect. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of 
the French Law Notes, as the case may be; or 
(c) 
to redeem in whole all but not some only of the Notes at their Fair Market Value.  
19.18 Specific adjustments regarding credit indices and index tranches 
With respect to a credit index or an index tranche referred to in the payouts entitled "Basket/Index 
Credit Linked Notes"; "Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes", "nth to Default Credit Linked Notes Early 
Redeemed" and "nth to Default Credit Linked Notes Redeemed at Maturity" in paragraph 4.3 of the 
Technical Annex, upon the occurrence of an event that the Calculation Agent considers, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, as materially impacting the credit index or the index tranche 
(including but not limited to trading disruptions, market instability or force majeure events), the 
Calculation Agent shall:  
(i) 
apply the fallback provisions set forth in the relevant underlying hedging agreement 
entered into by the Issuer which shall be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms or  
(ii) 
if such relevant hedging agreement is not communicated by the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent shall apply the fallback provisions that it considers as appropriate given the 
circumstances, acting in a commercially reasonable manner. 
19.19 Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 19 (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or the 
context otherwise requires): 
Accelerated or Matured means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, whether 
by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full in accordance 
with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and without regard to, any limitation 
imposed under any applicable insolvency laws. 
Accrued Interest means for the purpose of these Additional provisions applicable to Credit Linked 
Notes: 
(a) 
in respect of any Notes for which "Physical Settlement" is specified to be the Settlement 
Method in the applicable Final Terms (or for which Physical Settlement is applicable as the

--- Page 327 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
327 
 
 
Fallback Settlement Method in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19.3), the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest, unless "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, in which case, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations 
being Delivered will include accrued but unpaid interest (as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its reasonable discretion); 
(b) 
in respect of any Notes for which "Cash Settlement" is specified to be the applicable 
Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms (or for which Cash Settlement is applicable 
as the Fallback Settlement Method in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19.3), and: 
(i) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation shall include accrued but unpaid 
interest; 
(ii) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation shall not include accrued but unpaid 
interest; or 
(iii) 
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then 
current market practice in the market of the Reference Obligation whether the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation shall include or exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest and, if applicable, the amount thereof; or 
(c) 
if Credit Linked Condition 19.12 applies, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the 
then current market practice in the market of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation, 
Undeliverable Loan Obligation or Non-Eligible Deliverable Asset (as applicable), whether 
such Quotations shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest. 
Asset means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any “early-bird” or other 
consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, incurred, paid 
or provided by the relevant Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was realised or 
capable of being realised in circumstances where the right and/or asset no longer exists). 
Asset Market Value means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine by 
reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Asset Package means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the proportion 
received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset Package Credit Event 
(which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case may 
be). If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a choice of combinations of Assets, the 
Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If the Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains 
nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero. 
Asset Package Credit Event means: 
(a) 
if Financial Reference Entity Terms and Governmental Intervention is specified as 
“Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, (i) a Governmental Intervention; or (ii) a 
Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation, if Restructuring is specified as 
“Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms and such Restructuring does not constitute a 
Governmental Intervention; and

--- Page 328 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
328 
 
 
(b) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and Restructuring is specified as “Applicable” in the 
applicable Final Terms, a Restructuring,  
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event 
Notice. 
Asset Package Delivery will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs unless (i) such Asset 
Package Credit Event occurs prior to the First Credit Event Occurrence Date or such later date 
determined by the Calculation Agent as appropriate by reference to any Hedge Position, or (ii) if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond exists immediately prior to such Asset 
Package Credit Event. 
Assignable Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a minimum, 
commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are 
not then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the relevant 
Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if 
such Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent. Unless otherwise specified in the 
related Final Terms, if the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic Assignable Loan is specified as 
Applicable in the related Final Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with 
respect to Loans and shall only be relevant if Loans are covered by the specified Deliverable Obligation 
Category). 
Auction has the meaning set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms as amended, 
if applicable, by the Auction Resolution. 
Auction Cancellation Date has the meaning set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
Auction Final Price has the meaning set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Final Price Determination Date has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
Auction Settlement means settlement in accordance with Condition 19.3. 
Auction Settlement Amount means an amount, based on the Auction Final Price determined and 
calculated as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Bankruptcy means a Reference Entity (a) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (b) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in 
writing in a judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its 
debts as they become due; (c) makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with 
or for the benefit of its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or 
composition becomes effective; (d) institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a 
judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law or other law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, 
and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding 
or petition (A) results in a judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or 
the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained in each case within 30 calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; (e) has a 
resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (f) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all

--- Page 329 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
329 
 
 
or substantially all its assets; (g) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets 
or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued 
on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such 
process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 calendar days 
thereafter; or (h) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws 
of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to (h) 
(inclusive). 
Bond means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money Obligation Category that is in 
the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated 
debt security or other debt security and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
Bond or Loan means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
Borrowed Money means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit 
arrangement for which there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the 
payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, without limitation, deposits and 
reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit). 
Business Day means Business Day as defined in Condition 4.2(a) and, in the case of Notes that the 
Issuer is to redeem by means of Physical Settlement, for the purposes of the Delivery of Deliverable 
Obligations, a day in any other jurisdiction on which securities settlement systems are open for 
settlement of the relevant Deliverable Obligations; 
Business Day Convention means the convention for adjusting any relevant date if it would otherwise 
fall on a day that is not a Business Day. The following terms, when used in conjunction with the term 
"Business Day Convention" and a date, shall mean that an adjustments will be made if that date would 
otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day so that: 
(a) 
if "Following" is specified as the applicable Business Day Convention in the applicable Final 
Terms, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
if "Modified Following" is specified as the applicable Business Day Convention in the 
applicable Final Terms, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; and 
(c) 
if "Preceding" is specified as the applicable Business Day Convention in the applicable Final 
Terms, that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
Cash Settlement Amount means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, for each 
obligation being valued, including but not limited to each Reference Obligation, the greater of (i) the 
aggregate of (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance, Due and Payable Amount or Currency Amount, 
as applicable, of each such Reference Obligation being valued as selected by the Calculation Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion in the Reference Obligation Notice, multiplied by the (B) Final Price 
with respect to such Reference Obligation and (ii) zero. 
Cash Settlement Date shall be the date that is three Business Days after the calculation of the Final 
Price or such other date as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, 
in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees 
without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than 
Bonds in each case, as of the dates(s) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge

--- Page 330 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
330 
 
 
Positions, provided, however, that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, 
of a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if a Reference 
Entity is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, 
assignment or transfer so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation provide that such consent 
may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that notification of novation, 
assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative 
agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a 
requirement for consent for purposes of this definition.  
Consent Required Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with the consent 
of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant 
borrower if the relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent. Unless otherwise 
specified in the related Final Terms, if the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic Assignable Loan is 
specified as Applicable in the related Final Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
only with respect to Loans and shall only be relevant if Loans are covered by the specified Deliverable 
Obligation Category). 
Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable Obligation 
determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation below. 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms means any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms published by ISDA, in accordance with the Rules, a form of which will be published by ISDA 
on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and may be 
amended from time to time in accordance with the Rules. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees means the committees established by ISDA 
pursuant to the Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions in connection with credit 
derivative transactions. 
Credit Event means any one or more of the events specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
among Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Loss Event, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, 
Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental Intervention. 
Credit Event Backstop Date means (a) for purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or 
with respect to Repudiation/Moratorium, the event described in paragraph (b) of the definition of 
Repudiation/Moratorium) for purposes of the relevant Notes, as determined by DC Resolution, the 
date that is 60 calendar days prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request Date or (b) otherwise, the 
date that is 60 calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the first date on which both the Credit Event 
Notice and, if Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Notice of Publicly Available Information are delivered by the Calculation Agent to 
the Issuer and are effective during the Notice Delivery Period and (ii) in circumstances where (A) the 
conditions to convening a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to Resolve the matters 
described in the definition of Credit Event Resolution Request Date are satisfied in accordance with 
the Rules, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to 
determine such matters and (C) the Credit Event Notice and, if Notice of Publicly Available 
Information is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Notice of Publicly Available 
Information are delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and are effective not more than 
fourteen calendar days after the day on which ISDA publicly announces that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine such matters, the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date. The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention.

--- Page 331 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
331 
 
 
Credit Event Determination Date means, in respect of any Credit Event: 
(a) 
subject to subsection (b) below, if neither a DC Credit Event Announcement nor a DC No 
Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the first date on which both the Credit Event Notice 
and, if Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Notice of Publicly Available Information are delivered by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer and are effective during either: 
(i) 
the Notice Delivery Period; or  
(ii) 
the period (I) from, and including, the date on which ISDA publicly announces that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to 
determine the matters described in the definition of Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date (II) to, and including, the date that is fourteen calendar days thereafter (provided 
that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end 
of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)); or 
(b) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, 
either:  
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either: 
(A) 
(1) 
"Buyer or Seller" or neither "Buyer" nor "Seller" is specified as the 
applicable Hedging Arrangement Notifying Party in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
(2) 
the relevant Credit Event is not a Restructuring; and 
(3) 
either: 
(y) 
Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement 
Method in the applicable Final Terms and the Trade Date 
occurs on or prior to the Auction Final Price Determination 
Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or the date that is 21 
calendar days following the No Auction Announcement 
Date, if any, as applicable; or 
(z) 
Auction Settlement is not specified as the applicable 
Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Trade Date occurs on or prior to the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement; or  
(B) 
(1) 
either: 
(y) 
"Buyer" or "Seller" is specified as the only applicable 
Hedging Arrangement Notifying Party in the applicable 
Final Terms and "Auction Settlement" is specified as the 
applicable Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(z) 
the relevant Credit Event is a Restructuring; and

--- Page 332 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
332 
 
 
(2) 
the Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to the 
 
 
 
Issuer and is effective on or prior to the date falling two Business 
 
 
 
Days after the Exercise Cut-off Date; or 
(ii) 
the first date on which the Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer and is effective during (I) the Notice Delivery Period or (II) the period 
from, and including, the date on which ISDA publicly announces the occurrence of 
the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement to, and including, the date that is 
fourteen calendar days thereafter (provided that the relevant Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery 
Period (including prior to the Trade Date)), if either: 
(A) 
(1) 
"Buyer or Seller" or neither "Buyer" nor "Seller" is specified as the 
applicable Hedging Arrangement Notifying Party in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(2) 
the relevant Credit Event is not a Restructuring; 
(3) 
Auction Settlement is not specified as the applicable Settlement 
Method in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(4) 
the Trade Date occurs following the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement; or 
(B) 
(1) 
"Buyer" or "Seller" is specified as the only applicable Hedging 
Arrangement Notifying Party in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(2) 
either: 
(y) 
"Auction Settlement is not specified as the applicable 
Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(z) 
Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement 
Method in the applicable Final Terms and the Credit Event 
Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and 
is effective on a date that is later than the date falling two 
Business Days after the relevant Exercise Cut-off Date, 
provided that, in the case of paragraph (b) above, no Credit Event 
Notice specifying a Restructuring as the only Credit Event has 
previously been delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
unless the Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice is also 
the subject of the notice to ISDA resulting in the occurrence of the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date; 
(c) 
paragraphs (a) and (b) of this definition do not apply, the Non-Standard Credit Event 
Determination Date; 
provided further that no Credit Event Determination Date will occur, and any Credit Event 
Determination Date previously determined with respect to an event shall be deemed not to have 
occurred, if, or to the extent that, prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, a Valuation 
Date, the relevant Settlement Date, the Credit Event Redemption Date or the Scheduled Termination 
Date, as applicable, a DC No Credit Event Announcement Date occurs with respect to the relevant 
Reference Entity or Obligation thereof.

--- Page 333 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
333 
 
 
If, in accordance with the provisions above, (i) following the determination of a Credit Event 
Determination Date, such Credit Event Determination Date is deemed (A) to have occurred on a date 
that is different from the date that was originally determined to be the Credit Event Determination 
Date or (B) not to have occurred or (ii) a Credit Event Determination Date is deemed to have occurred 
prior to a preceding Interest Payment Date, the Calculation Agent will determine (1) such 
adjustment(s) to these provisions (including any adjustment to payment amounts) as may be required 
to achieve as far as practicable the same economic position of Noteholders as would have prevailed 
had a Credit Event Determination Date not occurred on such deemed date of occurrence and (2) the 
effective date of such adjustment(s). 
Credit Event Notice means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent (which may be in 
writing (including by facsimile and/or email) and/or by telephone) to the Issuer (which the Calculation 
Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that describes a Credit Event that occurred at or 
after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to of the Extension Date. 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Credit Event has occurred. The Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event 
Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective. 
Credit Event Redemption Amount means the Auction Settlement Amount, the Delivery of 
Deliverable Obligations in accordance with Physical Settlement or the Cash Settlement Amount (as 
appropriate). 
Credit Event Redemption Date means (i) in the case of Auction Settlement, the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, (ii) in the case of Cash Settlement, the Cash Settlement Date; (ii) in the case of 
Physical Settlement, the Physical Settlement Date or, (iii) if Physical Settlement applies, but on the 
Physical Settlement Date, some or all of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement cannot be Delivered for any reason as set out in Condition 19.8, 19.9, 19.10 and 19.11 
above, the Partial Cash Settlement Terms (as set out in Condition 19.12) will apply. In such case: (A) 
if all such Deliverable Obligations cannot be Delivered as aforementioned, the Credit Event 
Redemption Date will be the Cash Settlement Date (as defined in Condition 19.12), or (B) if only some 
of such Deliverable Obligations cannot be delivered as aforementioned, the Credit Event Redemption 
Date for all such Deliverable Obligations shall be the later of (1) the Cash Settlement Date that applies 
to such Deliverable Obligations that cannot be Delivered as aforementioned, and (2) the Physical 
Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligations which can be Delivered. 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the date, 
as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was effective and on which 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available 
Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question. 
DC Credit Event Announcement means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public announcement 
by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be convened to Resolve 
the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question.  
DC Credit Event Question means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a notice to the DC Secretary 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an 
event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred with respect to such Reference Entity (or one or 
more Obligations thereof). 
DC No Credit Event Announcement means with respect to a Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee

--- Page 334 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
334 
 
 
has resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not constitute a Credit 
Event with respect to such Reference Entity (or one or more Obligations thereof).  
DC Resolution has the meaning given to that term in the Rules.  
DC Secretary has the meaning given to it in the Rules. 
Default Requirement means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, and if none 
is specified, the amount will be US$ 10,000,000 or the equivalent in any other currency. 
Deliver means: 
(a) 
to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit of the 
Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement of the 
applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all necessary 
documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title (or, 
with respect to Deliverable Obligations where only equitable title is customarily conveyed, all 
equitable title) and interest in the Deliverable Obligations to the relevant Noteholder free and 
clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding any liens routinely 
imposed on all securities in a relevant clearance system, but including without limitation any 
counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set out in (a) 
to (d) in the definition of "Credit Event" above) or right of set-off by or of the Reference Entity 
or any applicable Underlying Obligor) provided that if a Deliverable Obligation is a 
Guarantee, "Deliver" means to deliver both the Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, 
provided further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, "Deliver" means to Deliver the 
Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any amounts which are subject to such 
Fixed Cap. "Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly. In the case of a Loan, 
Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form of the documentation 
customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time. 
(b) 
If Asset Package Delivery applies (i) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond may be satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset Package, and such Asset 
Package shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding Principal Balance or Due 
and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit 
Event, (ii) paragraph (a) above shall be deemed to apply to each Asset in the Asset Package 
provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be treated as if it were a Loan for these 
purposes, (iii) if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount, as applicable (or equivalent amount in the Specified Currency of the Notes) 
of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall be deemed to have been 
Delivered in full three Business Days following the date on which the Issuer has notified the 
Holders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2 of the detailed description of the Asset 
Package that it intends to Deliver, (iv) the Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery 
of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each 
Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion and (v) if the relevant Asset is a Non-
Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed to be an 
amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value and the term "Asset Package" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
Deliverable Obligation means: 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
described by the Deliverable Obligation Category specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, in each case, specified in the

--- Page 335 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
335 
 
 
applicable Final Terms (as of the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that such 
Obligations are Deliverable Obligations);  
(b) 
each Reference Obligation;  
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Sovereign Reference Entity, 
and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured Deliverable 
Obligation; and 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, (i) if Financial Reference Entity Terms is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any Prior Deliverable Obligation, or (ii) if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any Package Observable Bond, 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (ii) provided that the obligation 
has an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than zero (determined 
for purposes of paragraph (d) above, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event). 
provided that: 
(i) 
where the Issuer is to redeem the Notes by means of Physical Settlement, if "Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" are specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms and Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit 
Event Notice, then a Deliverable Obligation may be specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement only if it (A) is a Fully Transferable Obligation, and (B) has a final maturity date 
not later than the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date; and  
(ii) 
where the Issuer is to redeem the Notes by means of Physical Settlement, if "Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Circular Supplement and Restructuring is the 
only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice then a Deliverable Obligation may be 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement only if it (A) is a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation, and (B) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date. 
The Deliverable Obligations to be Delivered by the Issuer to the Noteholders shall have an outstanding 
principal balance (excluding accrued interest) equal to the outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the Notes, subject to Condition 19.11 above. 
If the term "Deliverable Obligation" is to apply to Notes to be redeemed by the Issuer by means of 
Cash Settlement, references to "Delivery Date" shall be deemed to be references to "Valuation Date". 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified 
Currency, Not Domestic Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic 
Issuance, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated 
or Matured and Not Bearer, as specified in the related Final Terms, If more than one Assignable Loan, 
and Consent Required Loan are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Deliverable Obligation may include any Loan that satisfies any one of 
such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics. 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the 
determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or

--- Page 336 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
336 
 
 
suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such 
obligation to fail to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
Deliverable Obligation Terms has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
Delivery Agent means the Issuer or such other entity designated for such purpose as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Disrupted Day means any day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
Domestic Currency means the currency specified as such in the related Final Terms and any successor 
currency thereto (or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any successor currency 
of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in 
which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a Sovereign). 
Domestic Law means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference Entity 
is not a Sovereign. 
Downstream Affiliate means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of issuance 
of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference 
Entity. As used herein, Voting Shares shall mean those shares or other interests that have the power 
to elect the board of directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
Due and Payable Amount means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity under 
the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise (excluding sums 
in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts) less all or any 
portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) is subject to any Prohibited 
Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non- 
occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted 
Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on the 
date selected by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions. 
Early Amortisation Date means the Business Day on which the Redeemed Amount plus accrued 
interest is actually paid to the as holder of the Reference Obligation. 
Eligible Information means information which is publicly available or which can be made public 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality 
of such information. 
Eligible Transferee means: 
(a) 
any 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an entity 
described in sub-paragraph (c)(i) below); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or proprietorship),

--- Page 337 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
337 
 
 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least U.S.$500 million; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in sub-paragraph (a); 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of 
collateralised debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other special purpose 
vehicle) that (A) has total assets of at least U.S.$100 million or (B) is one of a group 
of investment vehicles under common control or management having, in aggregate, 
total assets of at least U.S.$100 million; or 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least U.S.$500 million; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed 
or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support, or other agreement 
by an entity described in sub-paragraphs (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d); or 
(d) 
any Sovereign ; or 
(e) 
any entity or organization established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, 
European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and 
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
All references in this definition to U.S.$ include equivalent amounts in other currencies in each case as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation means: 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components 
have been stripped; and 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date 
of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
Excluded Obligation means: 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(b) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and (i) the relevant Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a 
Senior Obligation, or (ii) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, then 
for purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has 
occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and the relevant Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a 
Subordinated Obligation, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental 
Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation.

--- Page 338 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
338 
 
 
Event Determination Date means, in respect of any Credit Event, the first date on which the related 
Credit Event Notice and, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Notice of Publicly 
Available Information are effective in accordance with the Conditions. 
Expected Payment Amount means a payment of interest or principal due or scheduled to be paid 
pursuant to the terms of the Reference Obligation or any financial guarantee insurance policy or similar 
financial guarantee in respect of the Reference Obligation.  
Extension Date means the latest of (a) the Scheduled Termination Notice Date; (b) the Grace Period 
Extension Date if (i) "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, 
(ii) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or the notice to ISDA resulting in 
the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable, is a Failure to Pay that 
occurs after the Scheduled Termination Notice Date, and (iii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect 
to such Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Notice Date; and (c) the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event 
Notice or the notice to ISDA resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, 
as applicable, is a Repudiation/Moratorium for which the event described in paragraph (b) of the 
definition of Repudiation/Moratorium occurs after the Scheduled Termination Notice Date, (ii) the 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to such Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to 
the Scheduled Termination Notice Date and (iii) the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is 
satisfied. 
Failure to Pay means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any 
conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by a Reference Entity 
to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment 
Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the 
time of such failure provided that, if an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result 
of a redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of 
general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available 
market rate of conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be 
deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in 
the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely 
available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
Fallback Settlement Method means, with respect to Notes for which Auction Settlement is specified 
as the applicable Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms, the fallback settlement method 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Final List has the meaning given in the Rules. 
Final Price means the price, expressed as a percentage, determined in accordance with the Valuation 
Method specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fitch means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. 
Fixed Cap means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of 
the Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided 
that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with one or more 
variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant 
to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs). 
Full Quotation means each firm bid quotation obtained from a Dealer for an amount equal to the 
Quotation Amount.

--- Page 339 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
339 
 
 
Fully Transferable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case 
of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent of 
any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds and, in each 
case, as of the date(s) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Hedge Positions. Any 
requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be 
provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a 
Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this 
definition.  
Further Subordinated Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity, if the relevant Reference 
Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation 
which is Subordinated thereto. 
Governmental Authority means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department 
thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational 
body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority 
or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central 
bank) of the Reference Entity or some or all of its obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) 
above. 
Governmental Intervention means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events 
occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, 
or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), 
in each case, applicable to the Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether 
such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or 
accrual of interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of 
the Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or

--- Page 340 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
340 
 
 
(d) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (e) to (g). 
For purposes of this definition of Governmental Intervention, the term "Obligation" shall be deemed to include 
Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
Grace Period Extension Date means, if: 
(a) 
"Grace Period Extension" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
the date falling the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. If "Grace 
Period Extension" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Grace Period Extension shall 
not apply. 
Guarantee means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest 
rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) 
any cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities 
howsoever described in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis the part of the Issuer’s or 
any of its affiliates’ obligations under the Notes. 
ISDA means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
Largest Asset Package means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of principal of such 
Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond has been or will be exchanged or converted 
(including by way of amendment), as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible 
Information. If this cannot be determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the package of Assets 
with the highest immediately realizable value, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the methodology, if any, determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee. 
Latest Maturity Restructuring Bond or Loan has the meaning given to that term in the definition 
of "Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date". 
Limitation Date means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in any year to 
occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years after the 
Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the 2.5-year Limitation Date), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 years (the 10-
year Limitation Date), 12.5 years, 15 years, or 20 years, as applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
Listed means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an exchange.  
Loan means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money Obligation Category that is 
documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement and 
shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
Loss Event means, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion: (i) the 
occurrence of a Principal Reduction pursuant to the terms of the Reference Obligation; and (ii) the 
satisfaction of one or more of the following conditions: (a) the terms of the Reference Obligation do 
not provide for the reinstatement or reimbursement of the Principal Reduction; or, (b) the terms of the

--- Page 341 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
341 
 
 
Reference Obligation do not provide for interest to be paid, at the Scheduled Interest Rate, on the 
Principal Reduction, from the day of the Principal Reduction until the day on which such Principal 
Reduction is reinstated or reimbursed in full; or, (c) the terms of the Reference Obligation do not 
provide for interest to be paid, at a rate at least equal to the Scheduled Interest Rate, on the interest 
which would have accrued on the Principal Reduction from the day of the Principal Reduction until 
the day on which such Principal Reduction is reinstated or reimbursed in full. 
Maximum Maturity means an obligation that has a remaining maturity from the Physical Settlement 
Date of not greater than the period specified in the related Final Terms. 
M(M)R Restructuring means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either "Mod R" or 
"Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Modified Eligible Transferee means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is regularly 
engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, securities and 
other financial assets. 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, 
the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Maturity Date, is later than the 10-year Limitation Date, the 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Mod R means, if specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and if Restructuring is the 
only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer, then unless 
the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due 
to a Governmental Intervention, that a Deliverable Obligation may only be specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement if it (i) is a Fully Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later 
than the applicable Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of the date(s) determined 
by the Calculation Agent by reference to any applicable Hedge Positions. 
Mod Mod R means, if specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and if Restructuring is 
the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer, then 
unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies 
due to a Governmental Intervention, that a Deliverable Obligation may only be specified in the Notice 
of Physical Settlement if it (i) is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity 
date not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of 
the date(s) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Hedge Positions.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of the paragraph above in this definition of Mod Mod R, 
in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a final maturity date on or prior to the 10-year 
Limitation Date, the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan shall be deemed to be the earlier of such 
final maturity date or the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant 
Restructuring. 
Moody's means Moody's France S.A.S.. 
Movement Option means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring for which a No Auction 
Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of No Auction 
Announcement Date, the option of the Issuer to apply to the Notes, for purposes of settlement, the 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, if any, for purposes of which the Permissible Deliverable 
Obligations are more limited than the Deliverable Obligations that could apply in respect of the 
Reference Transaction (provided that if more than one such set of Parallel Auction Settlement Terms 
are published, the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms specifying the greatest number of such

--- Page 342 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
342 
 
 
Permissible Deliverable Obligations shall apply). If no Notice to Exercise Movement Option is 
delivered by the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, the Notes will be settled in 
accordance with the Fallback Settlement Method. If a Notice to Exercise Movement Option is 
delivered by the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, such event will be notified 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the 
French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
Movement Option Cut-off Date means the date that is one Relevant City Business Day (as defined 
in the Rules) following the Exercise Cut-off Date, or such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved. 
Multiple Holder Obligation means an Obligation that (a) at the time of the event which constitutes a 
Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other and 
(b) with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the Obligation 
as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six-and-two-thirds is required to consent 
to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event provided that any Obligation that is a Bond 
shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement in (b). 
No Auction Announcement Date means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date the DC Secretary 
first publicly announces that: 
(a) 
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms will be published; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring no Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published; or 
(c) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no Auction will 
be held following a prior public announcement by the DC Secretary to the contrary, in 
circumstances where either: 
(i) 
no Parallel Auction will be held; or 
(ii) 
one or more Parallel Auctions will be held. 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is not a Conforming 
Reference Obligation. 
Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation means an obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which resulted in 
the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on the date it was 
issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as applicable). 
Non-Financial Instrument means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or suitable 
for being traded in, financial markets. 
Non-Standard Credit Event Determination Date means with respect to a Credit Event: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery 
Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional Period, 
provided that neither (i) a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred nor (ii) a DC No 
Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event 
specified in the Credit Event Notice; or

--- Page 343 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
343 
 
 
(b) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this definition, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred and the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last 
day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date), such date falling on or 
after the Credit Event Resolution Request Date as may be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion and as specified by the Calculation Agent in the Credit Event 
Notice. 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation means, in respect of the Reference Entity, the Original Non- 
Standard Reference Obligation or if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the 
Substitute Reference Obligation. 
Non-Transferable Instrument means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
Not Bearer means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with respect to such 
bearer instrument are cleared via Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear or any other internationally 
recognised clearing system. Unless otherwise specified in the related Final Terms, if the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic Not Bearer is specified as Applicable in the related Final Terms, such Final 
Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as 
a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
Not Domestic Currency means any obligations that is payable in any currency other than the 
applicable Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute a 
Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance means any obligation other than an obligation that was, at the time the relevant 
obligation was issued (or reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in 
the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity. Any obligation that is registered or, as a result 
of some other action having been taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside the domestic 
market of the relevant Reference Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or 
qualified for sale within the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to 
be issued (or reissued, as the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic 
market of the Reference Entity.  
Not Domestic Law means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable Domestic Law, 
provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute a Domestic 
Law. 
Notice Delivery Date means the first date on which both a Credit Event Notice and, unless "Notice of 
Publicly Available Information" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice 
of Publicly Available Information, have been delivered by the Calculation Agent. 
Notice Delivery Period means the period from and including the Issue Date to and including the 
Maturity Date. 
Notice of Physical Settlement means a notice that is effective no later than the Latest Notification 
Date (included) from or on behalf of the Issuer to the Noteholders specifying the Specified Deliverable 
Obligations the Issuer reasonably expects to Deliver or procure the Delivery of to the Noteholders. 
The Issuer is not bound to Deliver the Specified Deliverable Obligations referred to in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement. However, it will: (i) to the extent possible, give the Noteholders notice of any 
subsequent change in the Specified Deliverable Obligations referred to in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or of any errors or inconsistencies contained therein (the term Specified Deliverable 
Obligation is deemed to include such change); and (ii) where Asset Package Delivery is applicable 
and the detailed description of the Asset Package is not included in the Notice of Physical Settlement,

--- Page 344 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
344 
 
 
give the Noteholders notice of such detailed description of the Asset Package (if any) that it intends to 
Deliver to the Noteholders in lieu of any Specified Deliverable Obligations referred to in the Notice 
of Physical Settlement. 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
(which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that cites Publicly 
Available 
Information 
confirming 
the 
occurrence 
of 
the 
Credit 
Event 
or 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, 
as 
applicable, 
described 
in 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Notice 
or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a copy or description in 
reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If "Notice of Publicly Available 
Information" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, as applicable, contains Publicly Available Information, 
such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a 
Notice of Publicly Available Information. A Notice of Publicly Available Information shall be subject 
to the requirements regarding notices in Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the 
French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
Notice to Exercise Movement Option means, with respect to Notes for which (a) M(M)R 
Restructuring is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (b) the Fallback Settlement 
Method would otherwise be applicable pursuant to the Auction Settlement provisions, a notice from 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent that (i) specifies the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms applicable 
in accordance with the definition of Movement Option and (ii) is effective on or prior to the Movement 
Option Cut-off Date. 
Not Sovereign Lender means any obligation that is not primarily owed to a Sovereign or 
Supranational Organisation, including, without limitation, obligations generally referred to as "Paris 
Club debt". 
Not Subordinated means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (a) the Reference Obligation or (b) 
the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable. 
Obligation means (a) any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee described in the Obligation Category and having the Obligation Characteristics 
specified in the applicable Final Terms immediately prior to the Credit Event which is the subject of 
the Credit Event Notice or as otherwise determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any 
Hedge Positions; and (b) the Relevant Reference Obligation, unless specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as an Excluded Obligation. 
Obligation Acceleration means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement (if any) have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been 
due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other 
similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in 
respect of a Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
Obligation Category means any one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligations Only, 
Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, as specified in the related Final Terms. 
Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Not Sovereign Lender, 
Specified Currency, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, and Not Domestic Issuance 
as specified in the related Final Terms. 
Obligation Currency means the currency or currencies in which the Obligation is denominated.

--- Page 345 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
345 
 
 
Obligation Default means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement (if any) have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would 
otherwise have been due and payable as a result of the occurrence of a default, event of default or other 
similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in 
respect of a Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Reference Obligation in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms (if any is so specified) provided that if an obligation is 
not an obligation of the Reference Entity, such obligation will not constitute a valid Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation for purposes of the relevant Notes (other than for the purposes of 
determining the Seniority Level and for the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not 
Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) unless (a) this definition of "Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation" is specifically amended or overridden in the applicable Final Terms, 
or (b) the relevant Notes are Reference Obligation Only Notes. 
Outstanding Amount means, where Notes have been redeemed pro rata in an amount equal to the 
Exercise Amount following the occurrence of a Restructuring Credit Event, the amount of Notes 
remaining after such redemption, being equal to the outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Notes prior to such redemption less the Exercise Amount. 
Outstanding Principal Balance means the outstanding principal balance of an obligation which will 
be calculated as follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's 
principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the definition of 
Accrued Interest above, the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment 
obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (i) the Outstanding Principal 
Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the Underlying 
Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity were references to the 
Underlying Obligor) and (ii) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the 
obligation, (i) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise be reduced as a result 
of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other 
than by way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) above less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this 
paragraph (b), the Non-Contingent Amount); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding 
Principal Balance, in each case, determined: 
(i) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on 
the date selected by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions; and 
(ii) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable 
laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the 
original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
Package Observable Bond means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any 
obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org from 
time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its website 
from time to time and (b) which fell within paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of Deliverable

--- Page 346 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
346 
 
 
Obligation (above), in each case, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant Asset Package 
Credit Event was legally effective. 
Parallel Auction means "Auction" as such term shall be defined in the relevant Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, 
any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect to such M(M)R 
Restructuring, and for which (i) the Deliverable Obligation Terms are the same as the Reference 
Transaction and (ii) the Reference Transaction would not be an Auction Covered Transaction provided 
that if no such Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Calculation Agent may 
select in its sole discretion the applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
Payment means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for the payment 
or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money. 
Payment Requirement means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if Payment Requirement is not so specified, 
U.S.$1,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, in either case, as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable. 
Permissible Deliverable Obligations has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable Obligations included in 
the Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms applicable to the relevant Auction. 
Permitted Contingency means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume all of 
the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee (or 
provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment 
obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(iv) 
if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, any Solvency Capital Provisions; or 
(v) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, 
discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a 
Governmental Intervention; or 
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their 
behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such 
obligation. 
Permitted Currency means (a) the legal tender of any Group of 7 country (or any country that 
becomes a member of the Group of 7 if such Group of 7 expands its membership); or (b) the legal 
tender of any country which, as of the date of such change, is a member of the Organisation for

--- Page 347 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
347 
 
 
Economic Co-operation and Development and has a local currency long-term debt rating of either 
AAA or higher assigned to it by Standard and Poor's or any successor to the rating business thereof, 
Aaa or higher assigned to it by Moody's or any successor to the rating business thereof or AAA or 
higher assigned to it by Fitch or any successor to the rating business thereof.  
Permitted Transfer means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption 
by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution 
of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances where there is also 
a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
Physical Settlement means Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations in accordance with Condition 
19.6 above and Condition 19.12. 
Physical Settlement Date means the date which is specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Potential Failure to Pay means the failure by a Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any 
payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, without regard 
to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period applicable 
to such Obligation. 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of an event described in part (a) of the 
definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium". 
Principal Reduction means a reduction in the principal amount of the Reference Obligation other 
than in connection with a scheduled or non-scheduled payment of principal. For the avoidance of doubt 
any such scheduled or non-scheduled payment of principal shall include any scheduled or accelerated 
amortisation, acceleration of payment obligations with regard to principal or redemption. 
Prior Deliverable Obligation means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), 
any obligation of the Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately prior to such 
Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such Governmental Intervention and (iii) 
fell within paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above, in each 
case, immediately preceding the date on which such Governmental Intervention was legally 
effective; or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in 
respect of the Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable 
Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), such 
Reference Obligation, if any. 
Prior Reference Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity and in circumstances where there 
is no Reference Obligation applicable thereto for the purposes of the Notes, (a) the Reference 
Obligation most recently applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise (b) the obligation specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Reference Obligation, if any, if such Reference Obligation was redeemed 
on or prior to the Issue Date and otherwise, (c) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligation of 
such Reference Entity. 
Private-side Loan means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not 
publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding 
or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information.

--- Page 348 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
348 
 
 
Prohibited Action means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on 
the factors set forth in (a) to (d) of the definition of Credit Event above) or right of set-off by or of the 
Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. 
Public Source means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms (or if no source is specified in the applicable Final Terms, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, 
Dow Jones Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi 
Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial 
Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), the main source(s) of business news in the country 
in which the Reference Entity is organised and any other internationally recognised published or 
electronically displayed news sources). 
Publicly Available Information means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant 
to the determination that the Credit Event or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, 
described in a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice have occurred and 
which: 
(a) 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources (regardless 
of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information); or 
(b) 
is information received from or published by (i) the Reference Entity (or, if the Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority 
thereof acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the 
central bank) of such Sovereign) or (ii) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing 
agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation; or 
(c) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, of 
or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, 
regulatory or judicial body, 
provided that where any information of the type described in paragraphs (b) or (c) above is not publicly 
available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public without 
violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraphs (b) or (c) above, the Calculation 
Agent may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the entity 
disclosing such information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding 
with the Reference Entity or any affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, or would 
prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such information. 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state: 
(i) 
in relation to the definition of "Downstream Affiliate", the percentage of Voting Shares owned 
by the Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
that the relevant occurrence: 
(A) 
has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement; 
(B) 
is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period; or 
(C) 
has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events.

--- Page 349 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
349 
 
 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must relate to 
the events described in paragraphs (i) and (ii) of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium below. 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference Entity in 
respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity. 
Qualifying Guarantee means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a 
statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes or is 
otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not 
covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the 
Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in 
either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing 
law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit (or 
any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case, other than: 
(i) 
by payment; 
(ii) 
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
(iii) 
by operation of law; 
(iv) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(v) 
due to: 
(A) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, 
release, reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the 
Reference Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the 
relevant determination, in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying 
Obligation, due to or following the occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee 
or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in the definition of 
Bankruptcy above in respect of the Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall 
be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding 
the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
I. 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered 
together with the Delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and

--- Page 350 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
350 
 
 
II. 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which 
are subject to such Fixed Cap must be capable of being Delivered 
together with the Delivery of such guarantee. 
Qualifying Policy means (i) a financial guaranty insurance policy or similar financial guarantee 
pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures all interest and principal 
payments (which may exclude certain default interest and indemnities) of an instrument that 
constitutes borrowed money for which another party (including a special purpose entity or trust) is the 
obligor, and (ii) an Obligation and Deliverable Obligation (which for the avoidance of doubt, must 
satisfy the relevant Deliverable Obligation Characteristics in respect of the relevant Reference Entity) 
in each case a Reference Entity is a monoline insurance company, notwithstanding the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Quantum of the Claim means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted against 
the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had become 
redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable at the time of the 
relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non- Contingent 
Amount. 
Quotation means each Full Quotation, the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and expressed as a 
percentage with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation Date 
from five or more Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more such Full 
Quotations on the same Business Day within three Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on the 
next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth 
Business Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain 
Full Quotations from five or more Dealers, and if two or more Full Quotations are not available, a 
Weighted Average Quotation. If two or more such Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation 
shall are not available on any such Business Day, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full 
Quotation obtained from a Dealer on such tenth Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the 
weighted average of any firm quotations obtained from Dealers on such tenth Business Day with 
respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained and 
a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which the firm quotations 
were not obtained on such day. 
Quotation Method means the applicable quotation method which may be specified in the Final Terms 
as being one of the following: 
(a) 
Bid means that only bid quotations shall be requested; 
(b) 
Mid means that the bid and offer quotations shall be requested and averaged for the purposes 
of determining a relevant Dealer's quotation; or 
(c) 
Ask means that only offer quotations shall be requested. 
Reference Entity means each entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. In addition, any 
Successor to a Reference Entity either (a) identified pursuant to the definition of "Successor" in these 
Conditions on or following the Trade Date or (b) in respect of which ISDA publicly announces on or 
following the Trade Date that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved, in respect of a Succession Event Resolution Request Date, a Successor in accordance with 
the Rules shall, in each case, be the Reference Entity for the purposes of the relevant Series; or  
Reference Obligation means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless:

--- Page 351 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
351 
 
 
(a) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, if 
any; or 
(b) 
(i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
(or no election is specified in the applicable Final Terms), (ii) there is no Standard Reference 
Obligation and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation to but excluding the first date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation 
and (B) the Standard Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard 
Reference Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute 
Reference Obligation. 
If the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List, such obligation shall cease to be 
the Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic 
or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) and there shall be no Reference 
Obligation unless and until such obligation is subsequently replaced on the SRO List, in which case, 
the new Standard Reference Obligation in respect of the Reference Entity shall constitute the 
Reference Obligation. 
Reference Obligation Notice means an irrevocable notice from the Issuer sent not later than thirty 
(30) calendar days following the relevant Event Determination Date that includes a description of the 
Reference Obligation(s) to be used for valuation of the Cash Settlement Amount as follows: 
(a) 
title or designation; 
(b) 
maturity date; and 
(c) 
in the case of a Bond, the ISIN or CUSIP number. 
Reference Obligations Only means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no Obligation 
Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligations Only.  
Reference Obligation Only Notes means any Notes in respect of which (a) "Reference Obligation 
Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and, if applicable, the Deliverable Obligation Category 
in the applicable Final Terms and (b) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Period means the period from and including the Issue Date until and including the 
Scheduled Termination Date (without prejudice to Conditions 19.13 and 19.14) or such other period 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Price means the price specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, and if none is 
specified, 100 per cent. 
Reference Transaction means a hypothetical credit derivative transaction: 
(a) 
for which the Deliverable Obligation Terms and the Reference Obligation are (i) the same as 
in respect of the Notes (if such Deliverable Obligation Terms and Reference Obligation are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) or (ii) if and to the extent the Deliverable Obligation 
Terms and/or the Reference Obligation are not specified, the Deliverable Obligation Terms 
and Reference Obligation determined by the Calculation Agent to be appropriate in respect of 
a credit derivative transaction linked to the relevant Reference Entity;

--- Page 352 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
352 
 
 
(b) 
with a scheduled termination date matching the Scheduled Maturity Date of the Notes; and 
(c) 
otherwise having such other characteristics as the Calculation Agent may determine 
appropriate by reference to, without limitation, the Issuer's hedging arrangements and/or any 
credit derivative elections made in relation to the Notes. 
Relevant Guarantee means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
Relevant Holder means a holder of the latest Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the Outstanding 
Amount specified in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
Relevant Obligations means the Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation 
Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the Succession Date (or, if 
there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of the first succession), provided 
that: 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or 
held by the Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination required 
to be made under paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor below, make the appropriate 
adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall 
within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, 
repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally effective date of the first succession 
to and including the Succession Date; 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and (i) the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior 
Obligation, or (ii) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, the Relevant 
Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within 
the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(d) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
and the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated 
Obligation, Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further 
Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category 
"Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, "Relevant Obligations" 
shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan". 
Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(a) 
an authorised officer of a Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(i) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the 
validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement (if any), or

--- Page 353 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
353 
 
 
(ii) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or 
de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement (if any) and 
(b) 
as Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement or any change or 
amendment to any such Obligation as a result of (ii) above, or a Restructuring, determined 
without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation occurs on or 
prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on 
or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date, (a) if the Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (i) the date that is 60 days 
after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (ii) the first payment date under any such 
Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any 
applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and (b) if the Obligations to which such 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date 
of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; provided that, in either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled Termination Notice Date unless the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be satisfied: 
(i) 
if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and 
effectively received on or prior to the date that is 14 calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an 
event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an 
Obligation of the Reference Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, by the delivery by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer of a Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice and, unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information that are 
each effective on or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date.  
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been 
satisfied, or not capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (A) an event 
does not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the Reference 
Entity, or (B) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect 
to an Obligation of the Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
(which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that describes a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date. A 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts 
relevant to the determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the 
date of the occurrence. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
Resolve has the meaning set out in the Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall be interpreted 
accordingly.

--- Page 354 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
354 
 
 
Restructured Bond or Loan means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of which a 
Restructuring has occurred. 
Restructuring means, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount 
of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a form 
that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the Reference Entity or a Governmental 
Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to bind all the holders of the 
Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the Reference Entity or a Governmental 
Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of 
Bonds only, by way of an exchange), and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of 
such Obligation in effect as of the later of the Credit Event Backstop Date applicable to the relevant 
Notes and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way 
of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual of 
interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination 
of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any currency 
other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the 
United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of the 
aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which 
succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Notwithstanding the above provisions, none of the following shall constitute a Restructuring: 
(b) 
the payment in euro of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation denominated 
in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by 
the Treaty on European Union; 
(c) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (i) the redenomination occurs as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union 
which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (ii) a 
freely available market rate of conversion between euros and such other currency existed at 
the time of such redenomination and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, 
principal or premium payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market rate 
of conversion; 
(d) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in (i) to (v) 
above due to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other 
technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of business; and 
(e) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in (i) to (v) 
above in circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly result from a 
deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity, provided 
that in respect of paragraph (v) above only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or

--- Page 355 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
355 
 
 
financial condition of the Reference Entity is required where the redenomination is from euros 
into another currency and occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a 
Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of 
such Governmental Authority. 
For purposes of this definition of Restructuring and Credit Linked Condition 15, the term Obligation 
shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider 
of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference 
Entity in paragraphs (i) to (v) of this definition of Restructuring shall be deemed to refer to the 
Underlying Obligor and the references to the Reference Entity in paragraphs (b) to (e) of this definition 
of Restructuring shall continue to be deemed to refer to the Reference Entity. 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under 
paragraphs (i) to (v) has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately 
prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately following such exchange. 
Unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this definition of Restructuring and related provisions, the 
occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in (i) to (v) above shall 
not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder 
Obligation. 
Restructuring Date means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with 
the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Termination Notice Date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with the 
latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation 
Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, a Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan) and the 
Scheduled Termination Notice Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity 
Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the final maturity 
date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. 
Rules means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published by ISDA on its 
website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from 
time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.   
Scheduled Maturity Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Scheduled Termination Date means the earlier of (i) the date at which the outstanding principal 
amount of the Reference Obligation has been reduced to zero; and (ii) the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Scheduled Termination Notice Date means the day falling two Business Days immediately 
preceding the Scheduled Termination Date; 
Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
Senior Obligation means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Seniority Level means, with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity:

--- Page 356 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
356 
 
 
(a) 
"Senior Level" or "Subordinated Level" as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if no such seniority level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, "Senior Level" if the 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" 
if the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing 
which; 
(c) 
"Senior Level". 
Settlement Method means, if (a) Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, Auction Settlement, (b) Cash Settlement is specified as the applicable 
Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms, Cash Settlement, or (c) Physical Delivery is 
specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms, Physical Delivery. 
Solvency Capital Provisions means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or otherwise 
varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital resources of a particular 
tier. 
Sovereign means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including without limiting 
the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
Specified Currency means an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies specified as 
such in the related Final Terms (or, if Specified Currency is specified in the related Final Terms and 
no currency is specified, any of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United 
Kingdom, the United States of America and the euro (and any successor currency to any of the 
aforementioned currencies), which currencies shall be referred to collectively as the Standard 
Specified Currencies). 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation means an Obligation of a Reference Entity which 
is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of which a 
Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement 
has occurred and (b) which fell within paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above 
immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with 
the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
Sovereign Succession Event means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an 
annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar 
event. 
SRO List means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website at 
www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by 
ISDA on its website from time to time. 
Standard & Poor's means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, a division of The McGraw-Hill 
Companies, Inc. 
Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant 
Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
Standard Specified Currency means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, 
France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any

--- Page 357 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
357 
 
 
successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean 
the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Steps Plan means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a series 
of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or more 
entities. 
Subordinated Obligation means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if 
any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity existed. 
Subordination means, with respect to an obligation (the Second Obligation) and another obligation 
of the Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared (the First Obligation), a 
contractual, trust or other similar arrangement providing that (I) upon the liquidation, dissolution, 
reorganisation or winding-up of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First Obligation are 
required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second Obligation or (II) the holders 
of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain principal payments in respect of their 
claims against the Reference Entity at any time that the Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is 
otherwise in default under the First Obligation. "Subordinated" will be construed accordingly. For 
purposes of determining whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with 
respect to another obligation to which it is being compared, (x) the existence of preferred creditors 
arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security 
arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities 
arising by operation of law shall be taken into account where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and 
(y) in the case of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the ranking 
in priority of payment shall be determined as of the date as of which it was issued or incurred (or in 
circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation is the Standard 
Reference Obligation and "Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, then the priority of payment 
of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as 
of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect any change to such ranking in priority of 
payment after such date. 
Substitute Reference Obligation means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to 
which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with 
paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) below to replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation; provided 
that the Calculation Agent will not identify an obligation as the Substitute Reference 
Obligation if, at the time of the determination, such obligation has already been rejected as the 
Substitute Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
and such obligation has not changed materially since the date of the relevant DC Resolution. 
(b) 
If any of the events set forth under paragraphs (a) or (b)(ii) of the definition of Substitution 
Event have occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non- 
Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for 
purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and paragraph (c)(ii) below). If the event set forth in 
paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of Substitution Event below has occurred with respect to the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation will continue to be the Reference Obligation until the 
Substitute Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth 
under paragraphs (a) or (b)(ii) of the definition of Substitution Event below occur with respect 
to such Non-Standard Reference Obligation.

--- Page 358 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
358 
 
 
(c) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(i) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider 
of a guarantee); 
(ii) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the date it 
was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of payment after 
such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
(A) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the Substitution 
Event Date: 
I. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above; or if no such obligation is available, 
II. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above; 
(B) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other Borrowed 
Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non- Conforming 
Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date: 
I. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
II. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above; or if no such obligation is available, 
III. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
IV. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above; or 
(C) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non- 
Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately prior to 
the Substitution Event Date: 
I. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
II. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available,

--- Page 359 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
359 
 
 
III. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above; or if no such obligation is available, 
IV. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above. 
(d) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the process 
described in paragraph (c) above, the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential 
Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic equivalent of the 
delivery and payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will notify the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case 
may be, of the Substitute Reference Obligation as soon as reasonably practicable after it has 
been identified in accordance with paragraph (c) above and the Substitute Reference 
Obligation shall replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(e) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation then, subject to paragraph (a) above and 
notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to be 
the Reference Obligation in accordance with paragraph (b) above, the Calculation Agent shall 
continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
(f) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Substitute Reference Obligation shall be determined in respect 
of any Credit Linked Notes that are Reference Obligation Only Notes. 
Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a notice to the 
DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve 
a Substitute Reference Obligation to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the date, as publicly 
announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
Substitution Date means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which the 
Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer of the Substitute Reference Obligation that it has identified in 
accordance with the definition of Substitute Reference Obligation above. 
Substitution Event means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; or 
(b) 
provided that the Credit Linked Notes to which the Non-Standard Reference Obligation relates 
are not Reference Obligation Only Notes: 
(i) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been 
reduced by redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(ii) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a guarantee).

--- Page 360 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
360 
 
 
For purposes of identification of the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the Non- 
Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and of 
itself, constitute a Substitution Event. If an event described in paragraphs (a) or (b)(i) above has 
occurred on or prior to the Trade Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
pursuant to paragraphs (a) or (b)(i) above as the case may be, on the Trade Date. 
Substitution Event Date means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the occurrence 
of the relevant Substitution Event. 
Succession Date means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed to 
some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, there is 
a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final succession in respect of 
such Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on which a determination pursuant to paragraph (a) of the 
definition of Successor below would not be affected by any further related successions in respect of 
such Steps Plan, or (ii) the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date in respect of the Reference 
Entity or any entity which would constitute a Successor. 
Successor means: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (b) below, the entity or entities, if any, determined as follows: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (vii) below, if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider 
of a Relevant Guarantee, to 75 per cent. or more of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor; 
(ii) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to 
more than 25 per cent. (but less than 75 per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and not more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more 
than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor; 
(iii) 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity, and not more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to more than 25 per 
cent. of the Relevant Obligations will each be a Successor and these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms will be adjusted as provided below; 
(iv) 
if one or more entities each succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity, and more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity 
remain with the Reference Entity, each such entity and the Reference Entity will each 
be a Successor and these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms will 
be adjusted as provided below; 
(v) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, 
to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds 
to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the 
Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no Successor and the Reference 
Entity will not be changed in any way as a result of such succession; 
(vi) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, 
to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds 
to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the

--- Page 361 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
361 
 
 
Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to the greatest percentage 
of Relevant Obligations will be the Successor (provided that if two or more entities 
succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such entity will be a 
Successor and these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms will be 
adjusted as provided below); and  
(vii) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of 
the obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, 
and at the time of the determination either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, 
or (B) the Reference Entity is in the process of being dissolved (howsoever described) 
and the Reference Entity has not issued or incurred any Borrowed Money obligation 
at any time since the legally effective date of the assumption, such entity (the Universal 
Successor) will be the sole Successor; and 
(b) 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date, 
or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession Date 
occurred on or after 1 January 2014; 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately 
prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one 
Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant 
Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after delivery of 
a Successor Notice and with effect from the Succession Date, any Successor or Successors under paragraph 
(a) above, provided that the Calculation Agent will not make any such determination if, at the time of 
determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based on the relevant succession to Relevant Obligations. 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under this definition 
of Successor on the basis of Eligible Information and will, as soon as practicable after such calculation or 
determination, make such calculation or determination available for inspection by Holders at the specified 
office of the Principal Agent. In calculating the percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a 
Successor under paragraph (a) above, if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all related 
successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single succession. 
Where pursuant to paragraph (a)(iii), (a)(iv), (a)(vi) or (b) above, more than one Successor has been identified, 
the Calculation Agent shall adjust such of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as it 
shall determine to be appropriate to reflect that the Reference Entity has been succeeded by more than one 
Successor and shall determine the effective date of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent shall be deemed to 
be acting in a commercially reasonable manner if it adjusts such of these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms in such a manner as to reflect the adjustment to and/or division of any credit derivative 
transaction(s) related to or underlying the Notes under the provisions of the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment and notifying the Issuer of such adjustment, the Issuer 
shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law 
Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, stating the adjustment to these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms and giving brief details of the relevant Successor event.

--- Page 362 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
362 
 
 
If two or more entities (each, a Joint Potential Successor) jointly succeed to a Relevant Obligation (the Joint 
Relevant Obligation) either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, then (i) if the Joint Relevant 
Obligation was a direct obligation of the Reference Entity, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by 
the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint 
Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or obligors, or (ii) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a Relevant 
Guarantee, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential 
Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, if 
any, or otherwise by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts. 
For the purposes of this definition of "Successor", "succeed" means, with respect to the Reference Entity and 
its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or becomes liable for such 
Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement (including, with respect to a 
Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other 
agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the Exchange Bonds or Loans) that are exchanged for 
Relevant Obligations, and in either case the Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of 
a Relevant Guarantee with respect to such Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as 
applicable. For purposes of this definition of “Successor”, "succeeded" and "succession" shall be construed 
accordingly. In the case of an exchange offer, the determinations required pursuant to paragraph (a) of this 
definition of "Successor" shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant 
Obligations exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the Exchange Bonds or 
Loans. 
Successor Backstop Date means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC 
Resolution, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date 
otherwise, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which the Successor 
Notice is effective and (ii) in circumstances where (A) a Successor Resolution Request Date has 
occurred, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a 
Successor determination and (C) the Successor Notice is delivered not more than fourteen calendar 
days after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination, the Successor 
Resolution Request Date. The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
Successor Notice means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that describes a succession 
(or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) in respect of 
which a Succession Date has occurred and pursuant to which one or more Successors to the Reference 
Entity can be determined. 
A Successor Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination to be made pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor above. 
Successor Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary requesting 
that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more Successors 
to the Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms means, with respect to a Credit Event, the Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms with respect to the relevant Reference Entity. 
Transaction Type means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the Transaction Type specified in respect 
of such Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 363 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
363 
 
 
Transferable means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without any 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction, provided that none of the following will be considered 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale pursuant 
to Rule 144A or Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act (and any contractual, 
statutory or regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction having a 
similar effect in relation to the eligibility for resale of an obligation); or 
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment restrictions 
on insurance companies and pension funds; or 
(c) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates of voting periods. 
Unless otherwise specified in the related Final Terms, if the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
Transferable is specified as Applicable in the related Final Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed 
as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic only with respect to Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans (and shall only be 
relevant to the extent that obligations other than Loans are covered by the specified Deliverable 
Obligation Category). 
Underlying Obligation means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of the 
guarantee. 
Underlying Obligor means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a Bond, 
the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying 
Obligation. 
Unwind Amount means in respect of any Note the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
if "Standard Unwind Costs" are specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, expenses (including loss of 
funding), tax and duties incurred by the Issuer in connection with the redemption of the Notes and the 
related termination, settlement or re-establishment of any hedge or related trading position, such 
amount to be apportioned pro rata in respect of each Note (where such apportionment will be 
determined by reference to the proportion that the outstanding nominal amount of any Note bears to 
the outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes). 
Valuation Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Valuation Time means the relevant time specified in the applicable Final Terms, of if "Calculation 
Agent" is specified, any time (as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) 
on the Valuation Date during the hours that Dealers customarily bid for obligations such as the 
Reference Obligation. 
20. 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO INDEX LINKED NOTES  
This Condition 20 applies to Index Linked Notes only. The Technical Annex set out on pages 503 to 
536 of this Base Prospectus contains provisions relating to the formulae used to determine the pay-off 
under Index Linked Notes. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the 
determination of the performance of the relevant Index or Indices as well as other relevant provisions 
and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 20 and with the Technical Annex for full 
information on any Index Linked Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the 
relevant Index or Indices, the relevant Screen Page, the Component Transactions, the applicable 
formula.

--- Page 364 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
364 
 
 
20.1 
Market Disruption 
Market Disruption Event means, in relation to Notes relating to a single Index or basket of Indices, 
the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption or, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either 
case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that (x) for 
the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event begins or ends at the time 
when the level of such Index triggers respectively the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level or (y) 
in all other circumstances ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure.  
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists at any time, if a Market 
Disruption Event occurs in respect of a security, a contract or a Component Transaction included in 
such Index at any time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that security, that contract or that 
Component Transaction to the level of such Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion 
of the level of such Index attributable to that security, that contract or that Component Transaction and 
(y) the overall level of the Index, in each case immediately before the occurrence of such Market 
Disruption Event. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, 
of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day would 
have been an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, a Knock-in Determination Day, a Knock-out 
Determination Day or a Valuation Date. 
20.2 
Adjustments to an Index 
(a) 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Index 
If a relevant Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by a successor 
index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula 
for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Index, then in each case that index (the 
Successor Index) will be deemed to be the Index. 
(b) 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index 
If (i) on or prior to the last Valuation Date, last Observation Date, last Averaging Date, the last Knock-
in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, the relevant Index Sponsor makes or 
announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating a relevant 
Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that 
formula or method to maintain that Index in the event of changes in constituent stock and 
capitalisation, contracts, commodities or Component Transaction and other routine events) (an Index 
Modification), or permanently cancels a relevant Index and no Successor Index exists (an Index 
Cancellation), or (ii) on a Valuation Date, an Observation Date, an Averaging Date, a Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the 
Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Index (an Index Disruption and, 
together with an Index Modification and an Index Calculation, each an Index Adjustment Event), 
then, 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a material 
effect on the Notes and, if so, shall calculate the relevant Settlement Price using, in 
lieu of a published level for that Index, the level for that Index as at the Valuation 
Time on that Valuation Date, Observation Date, that Averaging Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method

--- Page 365 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
365 
 
 
of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but 
using only those securities/commodities/Component Transactions that comprised that 
Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event; or 
(ii) 
on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law 
Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, the Issuer shall 
redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by payment of 
an amount equal to the fair market value of a Note taking into account the Index 
Adjustment Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes 
or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Notice 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the relevant Agent of any determination 
made by it pursuant to paragraph (b) above and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto and 
such Agent shall make available for inspection by Noteholders copies of any such determinations. 
20.3 
Correction of Index 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is, unless stated otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms, three Exchange Business Days prior to the due date for any payment of a 
Redemption Amount and/or Interest Amount, if the Index published on a given day and used or to be 
used by the Calculation Agent to determine any Redemption Amount and/or Interest Amount, is 
subsequently corrected and the correction published by the relevant Index Sponsor within 30 days of 
the original publication, the level to be used shall be the level of the Index as so corrected. Corrections 
published after the day which is, unless stated otherwise in the relevant Final Terms, three Exchange 
Business Days prior to the relevant Redemption Date or, as the case may be, Interest Payment Date 
will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining any Redemption Amount 
and/or Interest Amount. 
20.4 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may 
take the action described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to the multiplier and/or any of the other 
terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the 
Additional Disruption Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
redeem the Notes by giving notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case 
may be. If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder 
in respect of each Note held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a 
Note taking into account the Additional Disruption Event less the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments will 
be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as 
the case may be.

--- Page 366 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
366 
 
 
(b) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon 
as practicable to the holders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or 
Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, stating the occurrence of the 
Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, giving details thereof and the action proposed 
to be taken in relation thereto. 
20.5 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, unless otherwise specified in 
such Final Terms, amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and/or payment under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
If Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, unless otherwise specified in 
such Final Terms, amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and/or payment under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will 
be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day for the purposes 
of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on the relevant Exchange and if 
on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during the one 
hour period that begins and/or ends at the time on which the level of the Index triggers the Knock-in 
Level or the Knock-out Level, a Market Disruption Event occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event 
or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred. 
For the purposes of this Condition 20: 
Knock-in Event means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) (A) in the case of 
a single Index, that the level of the Index determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in 
Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day is and (B) in the case of a basket of Indices, that 
the amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each 
Index as the product in respect of each Index of (i) the level of such Index as of the Knock-in Valuation 
Time on any Knock-in Determination Day and (ii) the relevant weighting is and for both (A) and (B) 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less 
than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-in Level. 
Knock-in Level means (A) in the case of a single Index, the level of the Index specified and (B) in 
case of a basket of Indices, the level per Basket specified and for both (A) and (B) as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with 
the provisions of "Market Disruption" set out in Condition 20.1 above. 
Knock-in Determination Day means, in the case of a single Index and in the case of a basket of 
Indices, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-
in Determination Period subject to, in either case, the provisions of "Market Disruption" set out in 
Condition 20.1 above. For the purposes of a Market Disruption, any Knock-in Determination Day will 
be treated as a Valuation Date and the provisions contained in the definition of "Valuation Date" set 
out below shall apply. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", 
"Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the definition of

--- Page 367 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
367 
 
 
"Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" 
were to "Knock-in Determination Day". 
Knock-in Determination Period means, in respect of a single Index or a basket of Indices the period 
which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, 
the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date means, in respect of a single Index or a basket of Indices the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Period Ending Date means, in respect of a single Index or a basket of Indices, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Valuation Time means, in respect of a single Index or a basket of Indices, the time or period 
of time on any Knock-in Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the 
event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in 
Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
Knock-out Event means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) (A) in the case of 
a single Index, that the level of the Index determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out 
Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day is and (B) in the case of a basket of Indices, 
that the amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of 
each Index as the product in respect of each Index of (i) the level of such Index as of the Knock-out 
Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day and (ii) the relevant weighting is, and for both 
(A) and (B) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal 
to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-out Level. 
Knock-out Level means, in the case of a single Index, the level of the Index specified and in the case 
of a basket of Indices, the level per basket specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of "Market 
Disruption" set out in Condition 20.1 above. 
Knock-out Determination Day means, in respect of a single Index and in relation to a basket of 
Indices, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-
out Determination Period subject to, in either case, the provisions of "Market Disruption" set out in 
Condition 20.1 above. For the purposes of a Market Disruption, any Knock-out Determination Day 
will be treated as a Valuation Date and the provisions contained in the definition of "Valuation Date" 
set out below shall apply. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to 
"Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the 
definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
"Averaging Date" were to "Knock-out Determination Day". 
Knock-out Determination Period means, in respect of a single Index or a basket of Indices, the 
period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and 
includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date means, in respect of a single Index or a basket of Indices, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day.

--- Page 368 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
368 
 
 
Knock-out Period Ending Date means, in respect of a single Index or a basket of Indices, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Valuation Time means, in respect of a single Index or a basket of Indices, the time or 
period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-
out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
20.6 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed 
in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date and the Early Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer 
on such date upon redemption of each Note shall be an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount means (a) an amount in the Specified Currency specified in 
the applicable Final Terms specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if such amount is not 
specified, (b) the product of (i) the denomination of each Note and (ii) the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (A) in the case of a single Index, that the level of the Index determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Valuation Time on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is, and (B) in the 
case of a Basket of Indices, the amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to 
the sum of the values of each Index of each Index as the product of (i) the level of such Index as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date and (ii) the relevant weighting is, and for both (A) and (B) as specified in the Final 
Terms (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" 
the Automatic Early Redemption Price. 
Automatic Early Redemption Level means the level of the Index specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to "Adjustment to the Index" set forth in Condition 
20.2 above. 
Automatic Early Redemption Price means the price per Index specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Rate means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Date, the 
rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day 
is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified

--- Page 369 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
369 
 
 
Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis 
mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date". 
20.7 
Additional Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 20: 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change of Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of 
Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, in each case if specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Affiliate means in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly 
or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes control means ownership 
of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
Average Highest means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations obtained by the 
Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date. 
Averaging Date means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
If Omission is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such date will be 
deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant Settlement 
Price provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Date would occur, 
then the provisions of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for purposes of determining 
the relevant level, price or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were 
a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(b) 
if Postponement is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the provisions 
of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant 
level, price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation 
Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that 
deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging 
Date; or 
(c) 
if Modified Postponement is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms then: 
(i) 
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index, the Averaging Date 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). If the first succeeding 
Valid Date has not occurred for consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number 
to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption (up to the Valuation Time on the last 
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) immediately following the original date 
that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have 
been the final Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or price for that Averaging Date 
in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Valuation Date below;

--- Page 370 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
370 
 
 
(ii) 
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes relating to a basket of Indices, the Averaging 
Date for the Index not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
originally designated Averaging Date (the Scheduled Averaging Date) and the 
Averaging Date for an Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be 
the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below) in relation to such Index. If the first 
succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Index has not occurred for consecutive 
Scheduled Trading days equal in number to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption (up to the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day) immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another 
Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date, then 
(A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging 
Date (irrespective of whether that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is 
already an Averaging Date) in respect of such Index, and (B) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant level, price or amount for that Averaging Date in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Valuation Date below; and 
(iii) 
for the purposes of these Conditions Valid Date means a Scheduled Trading Day that 
is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does not or is not deemed 
to occur. 
Change of Law means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute 
discretion that (x) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant security/commodity 
comprised in an Index or (y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under 
the Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or 
other adverse effect on its tax position). 
Component Security means each and any component security of any Index. 
Component Transaction means each and any combination of any security and/or derivative 
(including interest rates) contracts composing the Index as determined form time to time by the 
Relevant Dealers and as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange or the Related Exchange 
fails to open for trading during their regular trading session or a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
Early Closure means the closure on any Exchange Business Day with respect to such Index of any 
relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent or more of the level of such Index 
or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on 
such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day. 
Exchange means in respect of Index Linked Notes and in relation to an Index each exchange or 
quotation system or over the counter exchange identified by reference to a Financial Center, specified 
as such for such Index in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation 
system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the 
securities/commodities/contracts comprising such Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the

--- Page 371 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
371 
 
 
securities/commodities/contracts comprising such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
Exchange Business Day means the relevant Exchange Business Day specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If no Exchange Business Day is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange 
Business Day shall mean any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any 
such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants and Relevant Dealers in 
general (A) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for on any relevant Exchange(s) in 
securities/commodities/contracts that comprise 20 percent or more of the level of the relevant Index, 
or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures, options or any derivative contracts 
relating to the relevant Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
Full Quotation means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, any firm quotations obtained from 
Relevant Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of less 
than the Quotation Amount; that in aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
Hedging Disruption means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity, credit, interest rates, 
foreign currency exchange, or other price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Hedging Components means the number of securities/commodities/contracts comprised in an Index 
that the Issuer deems necessary to hedge the equity, credit, interest rates, foreign currency exchange 
or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
Highest means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect to the Valuation 
Date. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense 
or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risks (including, 
without limitation, equity and credit price risk, foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, and any other 
price risks) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially 
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate 
to borrow any security/commodity comprised in an Index that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan 
Rate. 
Indices and Index mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 20.2, the indices or 
index specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the indices or index are therefore not composed by the Issuer or by any 
legal entity belonging to its Group. 
Index Sponsor means, in relation to an Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible 
for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if

--- Page 372 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
372 
 
 
any, related to such Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on 
a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, which as of the Issue Date of the Notes is the 
index sponsor specified for such Index in the applicable Final Terms. 
Initial Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a security/commodity/contracts comprised in an Index, 
the initial stock loan rate specified in relation to such security or commodity in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Loss of Stock Borrow means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any securities/commodities/contracts 
comprised in an Index in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
Market Value means, unless stated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, with respect to the Index 
level being valued on a Valuation Date, (i) if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the 
arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and 
lowest values (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, 
then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (ii) if exactly three Full 
Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest Full 
Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest and lowest value, then 
one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (iii) if exactly two Full Quotations 
are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; (iv) if fewer than two Full Quotations are 
obtained and a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such Weighted Average Quotation; (v) if 
fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, an 
amount as determined by the Calculation Agent on any of the next ten Business Days thereafter on 
which two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained; and (vi) if two or 
more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation are not obtained within this additional ten 
Business Days' period, any one Full Quotation on such tenth Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is 
obtained, the Market Value shall be the weighted average of any firm quotations obtained from 
Relevant Dealers on such tenth Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation 
Amount for which such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance 
of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a security/commodity/contracts comprised in an 
Index, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Observation Date means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified 
Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis 
mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Observation Date". 
Observation Period means the period specified as the Observation Period in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Quotation means each Full Quotation, the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and expressed as a 
percentage with respect to a Valuation Date as follows: unless stated otherwise in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation 
Date from five or more Relevant Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more 
such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three Business Days of a Valuation Date, then 
on the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth 
Business Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain 
Full Quotations from five or more Relevant Dealers, and, if two or more Full Quotations are not

--- Page 373 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
373 
 
 
available, a Weighted Average Quotation. If two or more such Full Quotations or a Weighted Average 
Quotation are not available on any such Business Day, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full 
Quotation obtained from a Relevant Dealer on such tenth Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is 
obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations obtained from Relevant Dealers on such tenth 
Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations 
were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which 
the firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
Quotation Amount shall be as specified in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise shall be deemed 
to be, an amount equal to the amount necessary to unwind the hedge of the Issuer in relation with the 
Notes. 
Quotation Method means the applicable quotation method which may be specified in the Final Terms 
as being one of the following: 
(a) 
Bid means that only bid quotations shall be requested; 
(b) 
Mid means that the bid and offer quotations shall be requested and averaged for the purposes 
of determining a relevant Dealer's quotation; or 
(c) 
Ask means that only offer quotations shall be requested. 
Relevant Dealers means official bank dealers (other than the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer) of the 
Index as appointed by the relevant Index Sponsor, or three financial institutions, selected by the 
Calculation Agent, that significantly deals or invests in the Index or Component Transactions for 
which Quotations are to be obtained. The Calculation Agent shall select the Relevant Dealers in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Upon a selected Relevant Dealer no longer being in 
existence (with no successors), or not being an active dealer in the Index or Component Transactions 
of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, the Calculation Agent may substitute any other 
Relevant Dealer(s) for one or more of the foregoing. Any bid quotation provided by the Issuer shall 
be deemed to be a Firm Quotation that it would provide to a counterparty in the market. 
Relevant Level means the level of the Index as determined by the Calculation Agent at Valuation 
Time on any Valuation Date, using as specified in the applicable Final Terms, either (i) the official 
closing level for such Index, or (ii) the official fixing eventually calculated and/or published by the 
Index Sponsor; or, if nothing is specified in the Final Terms, the Valuation Method as set out therein. 
Related Exchange means, in respect of Index Linked Notes and in relation to an Index, each exchange 
or quotation system or over the counter exchange identified by reference to a Financial Center, on 
which futures, options or derivatives contracts relating to such Index are traded, or each exchange or 
quotation system or over the counter exchange identified by reference to a Financial Center, specified 
as such for such Index in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation 
system or over the counter exchange, or any substitute exchange or quotation system or over the 
counter exchange to which trading in futures, options or derivatives contracts relating to such Index 
has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable 
liquidity relative to the futures, options or derivatives contracts relating to such Index on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that 
where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, Related 
Exchange shall mean each exchange or quotation system or over the counter exchange where trading 
has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures, options 
or derivatives contracts relating to such Index.  
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday customarily accepted closing time of such Exchange or Related

--- Page 374 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
374 
 
 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside 
of the regular trading session hours. 
Scheduled Trading Day means the relevant Scheduled Trading Day specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If no Scheduled Trading Day is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled 
Trading Day shall mean any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange in respect of 
each such Index are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions, and 
for which and with respect to each over the counter exchange identified by reference to a Financial 
Center, Relevant Dealers are scheduled to be opened for business, to bid for the relevant Index and 
Component Transactions. 
Scheduled Valuation Date means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
Screen Page means the page specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor page or service 
thereto. 
Settlement Price means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, in relation to each 
Cash Settled Note in respect of Index Linked Notes and as referred to in "Valuation Date" below or 
"Averaging Date" above, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a basket of Indices, an amount (which shall be 
deemed to be a monetary amount in the Index Currency) equal to the sum of the values 
calculated for each Index as the Relevant Level for each Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of each Index 
determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the applicable Final Terms at the Relevant 
Time on (A) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date 
or (B) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date and, in either 
case, multiplied by the relevant multiplier; and 
(b) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index, an amount (which shall be deemed 
to be a monetary amount in the Index Currency) equal to the Relevant Level of the Index as 
determined by the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level 
of the Index determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the applicable Final Terms at 
the Relevant Time on (A) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Valuation Date or (B) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging 
Date. 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such other 
number of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Trading Disruption means (1) any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to securities 
that comprise 20 percent or more of the level of such Index on any relevant Exchange(s) or (b) in 
futures, options or derivatives contracts relating to such Index on any relevant Related Exchange; and, 
(2) in case of Component Transactions scheduled to be quoted on an over the counter exchange 
identified by reference to a Financial Center, any time or day on a Scheduled Trading Day during 
which the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain a Quotation, as provided by the Valuation Method. 
Valuation Date means the Coupon Valuation Date and/or the Redemption Valuation Date, as the case 
may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the

--- Page 375 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
375 
 
 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such 
day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index, the Valuation Date shall 
be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that 
case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Settlement Price in the manner set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
not set out or if not practicable, determine the Settlement Price by determining the level of the 
Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each 
security/commodity/derivatives contracts comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to 
a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security/commodity/derivatives 
contracts on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the 
value for the relevant security/commodity/derivatives contracts as of the Valuation Time on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(b) 
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes relating to a basket of Indices, the Valuation Date for 
each Index, not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each Index, affected, as the case may be, (each an 
Affected Item) by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating 
to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price 
using, in relation to the Affected Item, the level or value as applicable, determined in the 
manner set out in the applicable Final Terms, or, if not set out or if not practicable, using the 
level of that Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Index last in effect 
prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price 
as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each 
security/commodity/derivatives contracts comprised in that Index (or, if an event giving rise 
to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security/commodity/derivatives 
contracts on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the 
value for the relevant security/commodity/derivatives contracts as of the Valuation Time on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day), 
and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
Valuation Method shall be as specified in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise shall be deemed 
to be, (i) if only one Valuation Date, Highest, or (ii) if more than one Valuation Date, Average Highest, 
or if "Market" has been designated in the relevant Final Terms, "Market Value" shall apply. 
Valuation Time means: 
(a) 
the Relevant Time specified in the applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 376 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
376 
 
 
(b) 
if "Calculation Agent" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, any time (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) on the Valuation Date during the hours 
that Relevant Dealers customarily bid for the relevant Index or any of its Component 
Transactions; and 
(c) 
the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange on the Valuation Date. If the Exchange closes 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing 
time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
Weighted Average Quotation means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the weighted 
average of firm quotations obtained from Relevant Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, for an amount of less than the Quotation Amount, that in aggregate are 
approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
21. 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
This Condition 21 applies to Equity Linked Notes only. The Technical Annex set out on pages 503 to 
536 of this Base Prospectus contains provisions relating to the formulae used to determine the pay-off 
under Equity Linked Notes. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the 
determination of the performance of the relevant Share(s) as well as other relevant provisions and must 
be read in conjunction with this Condition 21 and with the Technical Annex for full information on 
any Equity Linked Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the relevant Share(s), 
the relevant Screen Page, the applicable formula. 
21.1 
Market Disruption 
Market Disruption Event means, in relation to Notes relating to a single Share or a basket of Shares, 
in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange 
Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, determines 
is material, at any time during the one hour period that (x) for the purpose of the occurrence of a 
Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or ends at the time on which the price of the Shares 
triggers respectively the Knock-in Price or a Knock-out Price or (y) in all other circumstances ends at 
the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, 
of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would 
have been an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, a Knock-in Determination Date, a Knock-out 
Determination Day or a Valuation Date. 
21.2 
Potential Adjustment Events, Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation and 
Insolvency 
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Event means any of the following: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares (unless resulting in 
a Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing 
Noteholders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing Noteholders of the relevant Shares of (a) 
such Shares or (b) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of 
dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, equally or proportionately with such payments to 
Noteholders of such Shares or (c) share capital or other securities of another issuer

--- Page 377 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
377 
 
 
acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Basket Company or Share Company, 
as the case may be, as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or (d) any other 
type of securities, rights or certificates or other assets, in any case for payment (in 
cash or in other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iv) 
a call by a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, in respect of 
relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(v) 
a repurchase by the Basket Company or its subsidiaries or Share Company or its 
subsidiaries, as the case may be, of relevant Shares whether out of profits or capital 
and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(vi) 
in respect of a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, an event that 
results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares 
of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of such Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement 
directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events 
for a distribution of preferred stock, certificates, debt instruments or stock rights at a 
price below their market value as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that 
any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any 
redemption of such rights; or 
(vii) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
(b) 
Following the declaration by the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, of 
the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares and, if so, will (i) make the 
corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Asset 
Amount (in each case with respect to Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the multiplier and/or 
any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate to account for that diluting or 
concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes 
in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share) and 
(ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent may, but need not, 
determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such 
Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the Shares traded on 
that options exchange. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law 
Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, stating the adjustment to any 
Relevant Asset and/or the Asset Amount (in each case with respect to Physical Delivery Notes) and/or 
the multiplier and/or any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms and 
giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event. 
(c) 
De-Listing means, in respect of any relevant Shares, the Exchange announces that pursuant 
to the rules of such Exchange, such Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly 
quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are 
not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located

--- Page 378 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
378 
 
 
in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, 
in a member state of the European Union). 
Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting the Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, (i) all the Shares of that Basket Company or Share Company, as the 
case may be, are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (ii) 
Noteholders of the Shares of that Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, become 
legally prohibited from transferring them. 
Merger Date means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined 
under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
Merger Event means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any (i) reclassification or change of such 
Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares 
outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share 
exchange of a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, with or into another entity or 
person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such 
Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, is the continuing entity and which does not 
result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender 
offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or 
otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares of the Basket Company or Share Company, 
as the case may be, that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares 
(other than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Basket Company or its subsidiaries or the 
Share Company or its subsidiaries, as the case may be, with or into another entity in which the Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, is the continuing entity and which does not result in 
a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other 
than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately following such event, in each 
case if the Merger Date is on or before (a) in the case of Cash Settled Notes, the last occurring 
Valuation Date or where Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the final Averaging 
Date in respect of the relevant Note or (b) in the case of Physical Delivery Notes, the relevant Maturity 
Date. 
Nationalisation means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of the Basket Company 
or Share Company, as the case may be, are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be 
transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
Tender Offer means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining 
or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 
per cent. (the Percentage Range) of the outstanding voting shares of the Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of 
filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation 
Agent deems relevant. 
Tender Offer Date means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which the voting shares in the 
amount of the Percentage Range are actually purchased or otherwise obtained, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 379 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
379 
 
 
If a Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation or Insolvency occurs in relation to a Share, 
the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take the action described in (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) 
below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset 
and/or the Asset Amount (in each case with respect to Physical Delivery Notes) and/or 
the multiplier and/or any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable 
Final Terms to account for the Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, 
Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case may be, and determine the effective date of 
that adjustment. The relevant adjustments may include, without limitation, 
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate 
or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the Notes. The Calculation Agent may (but 
need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in 
respect of the Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation or Insolvency 
made by any options exchange to options on the Shares traded on that options 
exchange; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Equity Linked Notes relating to a basket of Shares redeem the Notes in 
part by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English 
Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be. If the Notes 
are so redeemed in part the portion (the Redeemed Amount) of each Note 
representing the affected Share(s) shall be redeemed and the Issuer will (i) pay to each 
Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him an amount equal to the fair market 
value of the Redeemed Amount, taking into account the Merger Event, Tender Offer, 
De-listing, Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case may be, less the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements 
(unless provided for in the applicable Final Terms), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; and (ii) require the Calculation 
Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate adjustment, if 
any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Asset Amount 
(in each case with respect to Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the multiplier and/or any 
of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account 
for such redemption in part. For the avoidance of doubt the remaining part of each 
Note after such cancellation and adjustment shall remain outstanding with full force 
and effect. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 
14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be; or 
(iii) 
unless Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Extraordinary Events is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on giving notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French 
Law Notes, as the case may be, redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note 
being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the fair market value of a Note 
taking into account the Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation or 
Insolvency, as the case may be, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (unless provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 
14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be; or 
(iv) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Extraordinary Event is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market

--- Page 380 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
380 
 
 
value of each Note taking into account the Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-Listing, 
Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case may be, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the Calculated 
Amount) as soon as practicable, following the occurrence of the Extraordinary Event 
(the Calculated Amount Determination Date) and on the Maturity Date shall 
redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
Calculated Amount plus interest accrued from and including the Calculated Amount 
Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date at a rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or if no such specification, at a rate equal to Issuer's funding 
cost at such time.  
(v) 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the Shares traded on 
such exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer in its sole discretion shall select 
(the Options Exchange), require the Calculation Agent to make a corresponding 
adjustment to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Asset Amount (in 
each case with respect to Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the multiplier and/or any of 
the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms, which 
adjustment will be effective as of the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be 
the effective date of the corresponding adjustment made by the Options Exchange. If 
options on the Shares are not traded on the Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent 
will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or 
the Asset Amount (in each case with respect to Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the 
multiplier and/or any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines 
appropriate, with reference to the rules and precedents (if any) set by the Options 
Exchange to account for the Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation 
or Insolvency, as the case may be, that in the determination of the Calculation Agent 
would have given rise to an adjustment by the Options Exchange if such options were 
so traded. 
(vi) 
If the applicable Final Terms provide that Share Substitution is applicable, then on 
or after the relevant Merger Date, Tender Offer Date, or the date of the 
Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting (as the case may be) the Calculation Agent 
may adjust the Basket to include a share selected by it (the Substitute Shares) in 
place of the Shares (the Affected Share(s)) which are affected by such Merger Event, 
Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting and the Substitute Shares and 
their issuer will be deemed "Shares" and a Share Company and Basket Company 
for the purposes of the Notes, respectively, and the Calculation Agent will make such 
adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Asset Amount 
(in each case with respect to Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the multiplier and/or the 
weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines 
appropriate. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket will be deemed to be effective as 
of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the Substitution Date) in its absolute discretion 
and specified in the notice referred to in sub-paragraph (C) below which may, but need not, 
be the Merger Date or Tender Offer Date or the date of the Nationalisation, Insolvency or 
Delisting (as the case may be). 
The weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket will be equal to the weighting of the 
relevant Affected Share.

--- Page 381 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
381 
 
 
In order to be selected as Substitute Shares, the relevant shares must be a share which, in the 
sole and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent: 
(A) 
is not already comprised in the Basket; 
(B) 
belongs to a similar economic sector as the Affected Share; and 
(C) 
is of comparable market capitalisation, international standing and exposure as 
the Affected Share. 
(d) 
Upon the occurrence of a Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation or 
Insolvency, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the holders in accordance 
with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the 
case may be, stating the occurrence of the Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, 
Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case may be, giving details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto, including, in the case of Substitute Shares, the identity 
of the Substitute Shares and the Substitution Date. 
21.3 
Correction of Share Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days 
prior to the due date for any payment of any Redemption Amount and/or Interest Amount, if the price 
of the relevant Share published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to 
determine any Redemption Amount and/or Interest Amount, is subsequently corrected and the 
correction published by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange, as the case may be, within 30 
days of the original publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant Share as so 
corrected. Corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days prior to the 
relevant Redemption Date or, as the case may be, Interest Payment Date will be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining any Redemption Amount and/or Interest Amount. 
21.4 
Issuer's Option to substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount 
If prior to the redemption of Physical Delivery Notes, the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, that the Relevant Asset(s) comprise(s) Shares which are not freely tradable, 
the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, elect either (i) to substitute for such Shares freely 
tradable shares with a value equivalent to the Shares (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion)(the Substitute Asset(s)) or (ii) not to deliver or procure the delivery of 
the Asset Amount or the Substitute Asset(s), as the case may be, but in lieu thereof to pay to the 
Noteholders on the Settlement Date an amount equal to the fair market value of the Asset Amount on 
the Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion by 
reference to such sources as it considers appropriate (the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount). 
Notification of any such election will be given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the 
English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
For the purposes hereof, a freely tradable share shall mean (i) with respect to the United States, a 
share which is registered under the Securities Act or not restricted under the Securities Act and which 
is not purchased from the issuer of such share and not purchased from an affiliate of the issuer of such 
share or which otherwise meets the requirements of a freely tradable share for the purposes of the 
Securities Act, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion 
or (ii) with respect to any other jurisdiction, a share not subject to any legal restrictions on transfer in 
such jurisdiction.

--- Page 382 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
382 
 
 
21.5 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may 
take the action described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset 
and/or the Asset Amount (in each case with respect to Physical Delivery Notes) and/or 
the multiplier and/or any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable 
Final Terms to account for the Additional Disruption Event and determine the 
effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
unless Delayed Redemption on occurrence of Additional Disruption Event is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, redeem the Notes by giving notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or 
Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be. If the Notes are so 
redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note 
held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a Note taking into account 
the Additional Disruption Event less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the 
English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event is specified as 
being applicable in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair 
market value of each Note taking into account the Additional Disruption Event less 
the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements (the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount) as soon as 
practicable, following the occurrence of the Extraordinary Event (the Calculated 
Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date) and on the Maturity Date 
shall redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
Calculated Additional Disruption Amount plus interest accrued from and including 
the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date to but excluding 
the Maturity Date at a rate specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if no such 
specification, at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost at such time.  
(b) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon 
as practicable to the holders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or 
Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, stating the occurrence of the 
Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, giving details thereof and the action proposed 
to be taken in relation thereto. 
21.6 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, unless otherwise specified in 
such Final Terms, amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and/or payment and/or delivery under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-in Event shall be 
conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
If Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then unless otherwise specified in 
such Final Terms, amendment to the terms of the Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
and/or payment and/or delivery under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-out Event shall be 
conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event.

--- Page 383 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
383 
 
 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will 
be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day for the purposes 
of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on the relevant Exchange and if 
on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during the one 
hour period that begins and/or ends at the time on which the price of the Share triggers the Knock-in 
Price or the Knock-out Price, a Market Disruption Event occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or 
the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Knock-in Event means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) (A) in case of a 
single Share that the price of the Share determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in 
Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day is and (B) in case of a share Basket, that the 
amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for the 
Shares of each Company as the product of (i) the price of such Share as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on any Knock-in Determination 
Day and (ii) the relevant Number of Shares comprised in the Basket is as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, and for both (A) and (B) (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" 
or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-in Price. 
Knock-in Determination Day means in the case of a single Share and in the case of a basket of 
Shares, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-
in Determination Period subject to, in either case, the provisions of "Market Disruption" set out in 
Condition 21.1 above. For the purposes of a Market Disruption, any Knock-in Determination Day will 
be treated as a Valuation Date and the provisions contained in the definition of "Valuation Date" set 
out below shall apply. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", 
"Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the definition of 
"Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" 
were to "Knock-in Determination Day". 
Knock-in Determination Period means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Price means, (A) in case of a single Share, the price per Share and (B) in the case of a share 
Basket, the price per Basket and for both (A) and (B) specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in Condition 21.2 above and this Condition 21.6. 
Knock-in Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Scheduled Closing 
Time or any other time specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 384 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
384 
 
 
Knock-out Event means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms), (A) in case of a 
single Share that the price of the Share determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out 
Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day is, and (B) in the case of a share Basket, the 
amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for the 
Shares of each Company as the product of (i) the price of such Share as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on any Knock-in Determination 
Day and (ii) the relevant Number of Shares comprised in the Basket is, and for both (A) and (B) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less 
than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-out Price. 
Knock-out Price means, (A) in the case of a single Share, the price per Share or (B) in the case of a 
share Basket the price per Basket and for both (A) and (B) specified as such or otherwise determined 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Condition 21.2 above and this Condition 21.6. 
Knock-out Determination Day means in the case of a single Share and in the case of a basket of 
Shares, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-
out Determination Period subject to, in either case, the provisions of "Market Disruption" set out in 
Condition 21.1 above. For the purposes of such Condition 21.1, any Knock-out Determination Day 
will be treated as a Valuation Date and the provisions contained in the definition of "Valuation Date" 
set out below shall apply. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to 
"Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the 
definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
"Averaging Date" were to "Knock-out Determination Day". 
Knock-out Determination Period means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Scheduled Closing 
Time or any other time specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
21.7 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed 
in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date and the Early Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer 
on such date upon redemption of each Note shall be an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount. 
For the purposes of this Condition 21: 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount means (a) an amount in the Specified Currency specified in 
the applicable Final Terms specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if such amount is not

--- Page 385 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
385 
 
 
specified, (b) the product of (i) the denomination of each Note and (ii) the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (A) in case of a single Share that the price of the Share determined by the Calculation Agent 
as of the Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date is, and (B) in the case of a share Basket, the amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the sum of the values for the Shares of each Company as the product of (i) the price of 
such Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange 
on the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date and (ii) the relevant Number of Shares comprised 
in the Basket is, and for both (A) and (B) as specified in the applicable Final Terms (i) "greater than", 
(ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early 
Redemption Price. 
Automatic Early Redemption Price means the price per Share specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with 
the provisions set forth in this Condition 21.7. 
Automatic Early Redemption Rate means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Date, the 
rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day, subject to, in either case, the provisions of "Market Disruption" set out in Condition 21.1 above. 
If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or 
"Modified Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall 
apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date". 
21.8 
Additional Definitions 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change of Law, Failure to Deliver, Hedging Disruption, 
Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Insolvency Filing and/or Loss of Stock 
Borrow, in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Affiliate means in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly 
or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes control means ownership 
of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
Averaging Date means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
If Omission is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such date will be 
deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant Settlement 
Price provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Date would occur,

--- Page 386 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
386 
 
 
then the provisions of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for purposes of determining 
the relevant level, price or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were 
a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(b) 
if Postponement is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the provisions 
of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant 
level, price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation 
Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that 
deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging 
Date; or 
(c) 
if Modified Postponement is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms then: 
(i) 
where the Notes are Equity Linked Notes relating to a single share, the Averaging 
Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). If the first succeeding 
Valid Date has not occurred for consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number 
to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption (up to Valuation Time on such last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) immediately following the original date that, but 
for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the 
final Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant level or price for that Averaging Date in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Valuation Date below; 
(ii) 
where the Notes are Equity Linked Notes relating to a basket of Shares, the Averaging 
Date for each Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
originally designated Averaging Date (the Scheduled Averaging Date) and the 
Averaging Date for an Share affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be 
the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below) in relation to such Share. If the first 
succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Share has not occurred for consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption (up to the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Days) Scheduled Trading Day immediately following the original date that, but for 
the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the 
final Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect of such Share, and 
(B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or amount for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (b)(ii) of the definition of 
Valuation Date below. 
Basket Company means a company whose shares are included in the basket of Shares and Basket 
Companies means all such companies; 
Change of Law means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute 
discretion that (x) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant Share or (y) it will 
incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Notes (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax 
position).

--- Page 387 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
387 
 
 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred. 
Early Closure means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of relevant Exchange(s) or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual 
closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such 
Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or 
Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange means, in relation to a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such 
Share in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Share has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such 
Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
Exchange Business Day means the relevant Exchange Business Day specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If no Exchange Business Day is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange 
Business Day shall mean any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any 
such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Disruption means, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the shares on the relevant Exchange or (ii) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant share 
on any relevant Related Exchange. 
Failure to Deliver means failure of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver, when due, the 
relevant Shares under the Notes, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for 
such Shares. 
Hedging Disruption means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk 
of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or 
remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Hedging Shares means the number of Shares that the Issuer deems necessary to hedge the equity or 
other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense 
or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk 
(including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the 
Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount 
that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate 
to borrow any Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate.

--- Page 388 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
388 
 
 
Initial Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Share, the initial stock loan rate specified in relation 
to such Share in the applicable Final Terms. 
Insolvency Filing means that a Share Company or Basket Company institutes or has instituted against 
it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head 
or home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or 
a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar 
official or it consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by 
creditors and not consented to by the Share Company or Basket Company shall not be deemed an 
Insolvency Filing. 
Loss of Stock Borrow means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any Share in an amount equal to the Hedging 
Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Share, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Observation Date means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified 
Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis 
mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Observation Date". 
Observation Period means the period specified as the Observation Period in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Related Exchange means in respect of Equity Linked Notes and in relation to a Share, each exchange 
or quotation system on which option contracts or futures contracts relating to such Share are traded, 
or each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Share in the applicable Final Terms, 
any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to 
which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Share has temporarily relocated (provided 
that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or 
options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as 
on the original Related Exchange), provided that where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related 
Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, Related Exchange shall mean each exchange or quotation 
system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall 
market for futures or options contracts relating to such Share. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading 
session hours. 
Scheduled Trading Day means the relevant Scheduled Trading Day specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If no Scheduled Trading Day is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled 
Trading Day shall mean any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled 
to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions. 
Scheduled Valuation Date means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date.

--- Page 389 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
389 
 
 
Screen Page means the page specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor page or service 
thereto. 
Settlement Price means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, in relation to each 
Cash Settled Note in respect of Equity Linked Notes, and as referred to in Valuation Date below or 
Averaging Date above, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Equity Linked Notes relating to a basket of Shares, an amount equal to the sum 
of the values calculated for each Share at the official closing price (or the price at the Relevant 
Time on the Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Share) on (A) if Averaging 
is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (B) if Averaging is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date and (or if in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or the price at the Relevant Time on the 
Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) cannot be so determined and the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal 
to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price 
at the Relevant Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair 
market selling price at the Relevant Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as 
the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the relevant Share whose 
official closing price (or the price at the Relevant Time on the Valuation Date or such 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be 
determined based, at the Calculation Agent's discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the 
foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two or more financial 
institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) engaged 
in the trading of the relevant Share or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall 
decide, multiplied by the relevant multiplier, each such value to be converted, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate and the sum 
of such converted amounts to be the Settlement Price, all as determined by or on behalf of the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in the case of Equity Linked Notes relating to a single Share, an amount equal to the official 
closing price (or the price at the Relevant Time on the Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, 
as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant 
Exchange for such Share on (A) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Valuation Date or (B) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an 
Averaging Date and (or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing 
price (or the price at the Relevant Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be so determined and the 
Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair 
market buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Relevant Time on the Valuation 
Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Relevant Time 
on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) for the Share based, at the Calculation Agent's discretion, either on 
the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two 
or more financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion) engaged in the trading of the Share or on such other factors as the Calculation 
Agent shall decide, such amount to be converted, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 390 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
390 
 
 
into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate and such converted amount to be the 
Settlement Price, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent. 
Shares and Share mean in the case of an issue of Notes relating to a basket of Shares, each share and, 
in the case of an issue of Notes relating to a single Share, the share, specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Share Company means, in the case of an issue of Notes relating to a single Share, the company that 
has issued such share. 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such other 
number of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Trading Disruption means, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to the share 
or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to such share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
Valuation Date means the Coupon Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the case 
may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such 
day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
where the Notes are Equity Linked Notes relating to a single Share, the Valuation Date shall 
be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that 
case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Settlement Price in the manner set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
not set out or if not practicable, determine the Settlement Price in accordance with its good 
faith estimate of the Settlement Price as of the Valuation Time on that the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
where the Notes are Equity Linked Notes relating to a basket of Shares, the Valuation Date 
for each Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each Share affected, as the case may be, (each an 
Affected Item) by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating 
to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price 
using, in relation to the Affected Item, the level or value as applicable, determined in the 
manner set out in the applicable Final Terms, and, in the case of a Share, a price determined 
in the manner set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if not set out or if not practicable, using 
its good faith estimate of the value for the Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last 
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, 
and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
Valuation Time means the Relevant Time specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no Relevant 
Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation

--- Page 391 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
391 
 
 
Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, in relation to each Share to be valued provided that if the 
relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after 
the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual 
closing time. 
22. 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
This Condition 22 applies to Inflation Linked Notes only. The Technical Annex set out on pages 503 
to 536 of this Base Prospectus contains provisions relating to the formulae used to determine the pay-
off under Inflation Linked Notes and the performance of the relevant inflation index. The applicable 
Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination of the performance of the relevant 
inflation index as well as other relevant provisions and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 
22 and with the Technical Annex for full information on any Inflation Linked Notes. In particular, the 
applicable Final Terms will identify the relevant index or indices, the relevant Screen Page, the various 
levels and other factors required to apply the formula. 
22.1 
Delay in Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that, in relation to Notes relating to a single Index or a basket of 
Indices, a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of an Index has occurred with respect to any 
Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Date or Knock-out Determination Date, 
then the Relevant Level with respect to any Reference Month which is to be used in any calculation 
or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent with respect to such Observation Date, 
Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Date or Knock-out Determination Date (the Substitute 
Index Level) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent (subject to Condition 22.3(a) 
"Adjustments-Substitute Index Level" below), as follows: 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Substitute Index Level by reference to the corresponding index level 
determined under the terms and conditions of the Related Bond; or 
(b) 
if (I) Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, or (II) the 
Calculation Agent is not able to determine a Substitute Index Level under (i) above, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Index Level by reference to the following 
formula: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level × (Latest Level/Reference Level; or 
(c) 
otherwise in accordance with any formula specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
where: 
Base Level means the level of the Index (whether definitive or provisional) published or announced 
by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the month for which 
the Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
Latest Level means the latest level of the Index (whether definitive or provisional) published or 
announced by the Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Index Level is 
being calculated. 
Reference Level means the level of the Index (whether definitive or provisional) published or 
announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month 
referred to in "Latest Level" above.

--- Page 392 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
392 
 
 
The Issuer shall promptly give notice to the holders of the Notes in accordance with Condition 13 of 
the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, of any Substitute 
Index Level. 
If the Relevant Level is published or announced at any time on or after the relevant Cut-Off Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. The 
Substitute Index Level so determined pursuant to this Condition 22.1 will be the definitive level for 
that Reference Month. 
22.2 
Successor Index 
If in relation to Notes relating to a single Index or a basket of Indices, the Calculation Agent determines 
that the level of an Index is not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor for two consecutive 
months and/or the Index Sponsor announces that it will not longer continue to publish or announce the 
Index and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the Index then the Calculation Agent shall determine a 
successor index (a Successor Index) (in lieu of any previously applicable Index) for the purposes of 
the Notes as follows: 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine a "Successor Index" by reference to the corresponding successor index 
determined under the terms and conditions of the Related Bond; 
(b) 
if Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms or a Related Bond 
Redemption Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent shall ask five leading independent 
dealers to state what the replacement index for the Index should be. If between four and five 
responses are received, and of those four or five responses, three or more leading independent 
dealers state the same index, this index will be deemed the "Successor Index". If three 
responses are received, and two or more leading independent dealers state the same index, this 
index will be deemed the "Successor Index"; 
(c) 
If no Successor Index has been deemed under (i) above or if fewer than three responses are 
received under (ii) above by the Cut-Off Date the Calculation Agent will determine an 
appropriate alternative index for the relevant Payment Date, and such index will be deemed a 
"Successor Index"; or 
(d) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative index, there will be 
deemed to be no Successor Index and an Index Cancellation will be deemed to have occurred. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall determine the date on which the 
Successor Index shall be deemed to replace the Index for the purposes of the Notes. Notice of 
the determination of a Successor Index, the effective date of the Successor Index or the 
occurrence of an Index Cancellation will be given to holders of the Notes by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law 
Notes, as the case may be. 
22.3 
Adjustments 
(a) 
Substitute Index Level 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Substitute Index Level in accordance with Condition 22.1 
"Delay in Publication" above, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment or adjustments 
(without limitation) to (I) the Substitute Index Level determined in accordance with Condition 22.1 
"Delay in Publication" above and/or (II) the final Redemption Amount, interest payable under the 
Notes (if any) and/or any other relevant term of the Notes, in each case, as the Calculation Agent

--- Page 393 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
393 
 
 
deems necessary. The Issuer shall give notice to the holders of the Notes of any such adjustment in 
accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as 
the case may be. 
(b) 
Successor Index 
If a Successor Index is determined in accordance with Condition 22.2 "Successor Index" above, the 
Calculation Agent may make any adjustment or adjustments (without limitation) to the final 
Redemption Amount, interest payable under the Notes (if any) and/or any other relevant term of the 
Notes as the Calculation Agent deems necessary. The Issuer shall give notice to the holders of the 
Notes of any such adjustment in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 
14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Index Level Adjustment Correction 
(i) 
If, within thirty days of publication or at any time prior to an Observation Date, 
Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Date or Knock-out Determination Date in 
respect of which a Relevant Level will be used in any calculation or determination in 
respect of such Observation Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the Index 
Sponsor has corrected the Relevant Level to correct a manifest error, the Calculation 
Agent may make any adjustment to the final Redemption Amount, interest payable 
under the Notes (if any) and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as the Calculation 
Agent deems appropriate as a result of such correction and/or determine the amount 
(if any) that is payable as a result of that correction. The Issuer shall give notice to the 
holders of the Notes of any such adjustment and/or amount in accordance with 
Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as 
the case may be. 
(ii) 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the Cut-Off Date in 
respect of an Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Date or 
Knock-out Determination Date in respect of which a Substitute Index Level was 
determined, the Calculation Agent may either (A) determine that such Relevant Level 
shall not be used in any calculation or determination under the Notes and that the 
Substitute Index Level shall be deemed to be the definitive Relevant Level for the 
relevant Reference Month, or (B) make any adjustment to the final Redemption 
Amount, interest payable under the Notes (if any) and/or any other relevant term of 
the Notes as it deems appropriate as a result of the announcement or publication of 
the Relevant Level and/or determine the amount (if any) that is payable as a result of 
such publication or announcement. The Issuer shall give notice to the holders of the 
Notes of any determination in respect of (A) or (B), together with any adjustment or 
amount in respect thereof, in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes 
or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
Currency 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any event occurs affecting the Specified Currency 
(whether relating to its convertibility into other currencies or otherwise) which the Calculation 
Agent determines necessitates an adjustment or adjustments to the final Redemption Amount, 
and/or any other relevant term of the Notes (including the date on which any amount is payable 
by the Issuer), the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment or adjustments to the final 
Redemption Amount, interest payable under the Notes (if any) and/or any other relevant term 
of the Notes as the Calculation Agent deems necessary. The Calculation Agent shall give 
notice to the holders of the Notes of any such adjustment in accordance with Condition 13 of 
the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be.

--- Page 394 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
394 
 
 
(d) 
Rebasing 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Index has been or will be rebased at any time, the Index 
as so rebased (the Rebased Index) will be used for purposes of determining the Relevant Level from 
the date of such rebasing; provided, however, that the Calculation Agent may make (A) if Related 
Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any adjustments as are made pursuant 
to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if any, to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the 
Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as before the rebasing, and/or (B) if Related 
Bond is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms or a Related Bond Redemption Event 
has occurred, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Index so that 
the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Index before it was rebased, and in 
each case the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment(s) to the final Redemption Amount, interest 
payable under the Notes (if any) and/or any other term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent may 
deem necessary. If the Calculation Agent determines that neither (A) nor (B) above would produce a 
commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may redeem each Note on a date notified by 
the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 
of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, at its fair economic value as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms) as at the date of 
redemption taking into account the rebasing, less the cost to the Issuer of unwinding or amending any 
related underlying hedging arrangements (unless provided for otherwise in the applicable Final 
Terms). Notice of any adjustment, redemption of the Notes or determination pursuant to this paragraph 
shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 
14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
(e) 
Index Modification 
(i) 
If, in relation to Notes relating to a single Index or a basket of Indices on or prior to 
the Cut-Off Date in respect of any Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in 
Determination Date or Knock-out Determination Date, the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Index Modification has occurred the Calculation Agent may (A) if 
Related Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, make any 
adjustments to the Index, any Relevant Level and/or any other relevant term of the 
Notes (including, without limitation, the final Redemption Amount and/or interest 
payable under the Notes (if any)), consistent with any adjustments made to the Related 
Bond as the Calculation Agent deems necessary, or (B) if Related Bond is specified 
as not applicable in the Final Terms or a Related Bond Redemption Event has 
occurred, make only those adjustments to the relevant Index, any Relevant Level 
and/or any other term of the Notes (including, without limitation, the final 
Redemption Amount and/or interest payable under the Notes (if any)), as the 
Calculation Agent deems necessary for the modified Index to continue as the Index 
and to account for the economic effect of the Index Modification. 
(ii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Modification has occurred at any 
time after the Cut-Off Date in respect of any Observation Date, Averaging Date, 
Knock-in Determination Date or Knock-out Determination Date, the Calculation 
Agent may determine either to ignore such Index Modification for the purposes of any 
calculation or determination made by the Calculation Agent with respect to such 
Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Date or Knock-out 
Determination Date in which case the relevant Index Modification will be deemed to 
have occurred with respect to the immediately succeeding Observation Date, 
Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Date or Knock-out Determination Date 
such that the provisions of sub-paragraph (i) above will apply, or, notwithstanding 
that the Index Modification has occurred following the Cut-Off Date, to make any

--- Page 395 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
395 
 
 
adjustments as the Calculation Agent deems fit in accordance with sub-paragraph (i) 
above. 
(f) 
Index Cancellation 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Cancellation has occurred, the Issuer may redeem 
each Note on the date notified by the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the 
English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, at its fair economic 
value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) as at the date of redemption taking into account the 
Index Cancellation, less the cost to the Issuer of unwinding or amending any related underlying 
hedging arrangements (unless provided for otherwise in the applicable Final Terms). Notice of any 
redemption of the Notes pursuant to this paragraph shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Change in law 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Change in Law has occurred, the Issuer may redeem each 
Note on the date notified by the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English 
Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, at its fair economic value 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) as at the date of redemption taking into account the Change 
in Law, less the cost to the Issuer of unwinding or amending any related underlying hedging 
arrangements (unless provided for otherwise in the applicable Final Terms). Notice of any redemption 
of the Notes pursuant to this paragraph shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
(h) 
Additional Definitions 
Averaging Date means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
If Omission is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such date will be 
deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant level 
provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Date would occur, then 
the provisions of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for purposes of determining the 
Relevant Level on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date 
that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(b) 
if Postponement is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the provisions 
of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant 
level on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a 
Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred 
Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or 
(c) 
if Modified Postponement is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms then: 
(i) 
where the Notes are Inflation Linked Notes relating to a single Index, the Averaging 
Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). If the first succeeding 
Valid Date has not occurred for consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number 
to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption (up to the Relevant Time on the last 
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) immediately following the original date 
that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have 
been the final Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading

--- Page 396 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
396 
 
 
Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level for that Averaging Date in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Valuation Date below; 
(ii) 
where the Notes are Inflation Linked Notes relating to a basket of Indices, the 
Averaging Date for the Index not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall 
be the originally designated Averaging Date (the Scheduled Averaging Date) and 
the Averaging Date for an Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall 
be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below) in relation to such Index. If the 
first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Index has not occurred for consecutive 
Scheduled Trading days equal in number to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption (up to the Relevant Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day) immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another 
Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date, then 
(A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging 
Date (irrespective of whether that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is 
already an Averaging Date) in respect of such Index, and (B) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant level for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-
paragraph (b) of the definition of Valuation Date below; and 
(iii) 
for the purposes of these Conditions Valid Date means a Scheduled Trading Day that 
is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does not or is not deemed 
to occur. 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority, the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it 
is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes or it has become illegal to hold, acquire or 
dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Notes. 
Cut-Off Date means, in respect of an Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination 
Date or Knock-out Determination Date, five Business Days prior to such Observation Date, unless 
otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Delayed Index Level Event means, in respect of any Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in 
Determination Date or Knock-out Determination Date, that the Index Sponsor fails to publish or 
announce the level of the Index (the Relevant Level) in respect of any Reference Month which is to 
be used in any calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent in respect of such 
Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Date or Knock-out Determination Date 
at any time on or prior to the Cut-Off Date. 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Delay in Publication has occurred. 
Fallback Bond means a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the government of the 
country to whose level of inflation the Index relates and which pays a coupon or redemption amount 
which is calculated by reference to the Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) the same day as 
the Maturity Date, (b) the next longest maturity after the Maturity Date if there is no such bond 
maturing on the Maturity Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity before the Maturity Date if no bond 
defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the Index relates to the level of inflation 
across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select an inflation-linked bond that 
is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any government agency) of France, Germany,

--- Page 397 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
397 
 
 
Italy or Spain, and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the 
level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the 
Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is 
more than one inflation-linked bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected 
by the Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems the Calculation Agent will 
select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time 
the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged). 
Index or Indices means the index or indices specified in the applicable Final Terms and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Index Cancellation means a level for the Index has not been published or announced for two 
consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the Index and/or the Index Sponsor announces 
that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the Index and no Successor Index exists. 
Index Modification means the Index Sponsor announces that it will make (in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent) a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the Index or in 
any other way materially modifies the Index. 
Index Sponsor means in relation to an Index, the corporation or entity that (a) is responsible for setting 
and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related 
to the Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on a regular basis 
during each Scheduled Trading Day which as of the Issue Date of the Notes is the index sponsor in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Observation Date means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading 
Day, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day 
is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified 
Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis 
mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Observation Date". 
Observation Period means the period specified as the Observation Period in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Rebased Index has the meaning given to it under Condition 22.3(d) "Rebasing" above. 
Reference Month means the calendar month for which the level of the Index was reported, regardless 
of when this information is published or announced. If the period for which the Relevant Level was 
reported is a period other than a month, the Reference Month shall be the period for which the Relevant 
Level was reported. 
Related Bond means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, means the bond 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If the Related Bond specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is "Fallback Bond", then for any Related Bond determination, the Calculation Agent shall use 
the Fallback Bond. If no bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Related Bond and 
"Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms there will be no Related 
Bond. If a bond is selected as the Related Bond in the applicable Final Terms and that bond redeems 
or matures before the relevant Maturity Date, unless "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond 
determination. 
Related Bond Redemption Event means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, at 
any time prior to the Maturity Date, (i) the Related Bond is redeemed, repurchased or cancelled, (ii)

--- Page 398 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
398 
 
 
the Related Bond becomes repayable prior to its stated date of maturity for whatever reason, or (iii) 
the issuer of the Related Bond announces that the Related Bond will be redeemed, repurchased or 
cancelled prior to its stated date of maturity. 
Relevant Level has the meaning given to it in the definition of Delayed Index Level Event. 
Scheduled Trading Day means the relevant Scheduled Trading Day specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such other 
number of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Successor Index has the meaning given to it in under Condition 22.2 "Successor Index" above. 
Substitute Index Level means, in respect of a Delayed Index Level Event, the index level determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Condition 22.3(a) "Substitute Index Level" above. 
Valuation Date means the Coupon Valuation Date and/or the Redemption Valuation Date, as the case 
may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such 
day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
where the Notes are Inflation Linked Notes relating to a single Index, the Valuation Date shall 
be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that 
case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Relevant Level in the manner set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
not set out or if not practicable, determine the Relevant Level in accordance with its good faith 
estimate of the value for the Relevant Level as of the Relevant Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
where the Notes are Inflation Linked Notes relating to a basket of Indices, the Valuation Date 
for each Index, not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each Index, affected, as the case may be, (each an 
Affected Item) by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating 
to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price 
using, in relation to the Affected Item, the level or value as applicable, determined in the 
manner set out in the applicable Final Terms, or, if not set out or if not practicable, using its 
good faith estimate of the value for the Affected Item as of the Relevant Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day), 
and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
22.4 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, unless otherwise specified in 
such Final Terms, amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms)

--- Page 399 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
399 
 
 
and/or payment under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
If Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, unless otherwise specified in 
such Final Terms, amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and/or payment under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
For the purposes of this Condition 22: 
Knock-in Event means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) (A) in the case of 
a single Index, that the level of the Index determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in 
Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day is and (B) in the case of a basket of Indices, that 
the amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each 
Index as the product in respect of each Index of (i) the level of such Index as of the Knock-in Valuation 
Time on any Knock-in Determination Day and (ii) the relevant weighting is and for both (A) and (B) 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less 
than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-in Level. 
Knock-in Level means (A) in the case of a single Index, the level of the Index specified and (B) in 
case of a basket of Indices, the level per Basket specified and for both (A) and (B) as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-in Determination Day means, in the case of a single Index and in the case of a basket of 
Indices, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-
in Determination Period, subject to, in either case, the provisions of "Delay in Publication" set out in 
Condition 22.1 above. For the purposes of a Delay in Publication, any Knock-in Determination Day 
will be treated as an Observation Date and the provisions contained in the definition of "Observation 
Date" set out above shall apply. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to 
"Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the 
definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
"Averaging Date" were to "Knock-in Determination Day". 
Knock-in Determination Period means, in respect of a single Index or a basket of Indices the period 
which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, 
the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date means, in respect of a single Index or a basket of Indices the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Period Ending Date means, in respect of a single Index or a basket of Indices, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Valuation Time means, in respect of a single Index or a basket of Indices, the time or period 
of time on any Knock-in Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the 
event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in 
Valuation Time shall be the Scheduled Closing Time or any other time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Knock-out Event means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) (A) in the case of 
a single Index, that the level of the Index determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out 
Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day is and (B) in the case of a basket of Indices,

--- Page 400 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
400 
 
 
that the amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of 
each Index as the product in respect of each Index of (i) the level of such Index as of the Knock-out 
Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day and (ii) the relevant weighting is, and for both 
(A) and (B) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal 
to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-out Level. 
Knock-out Level means, in the case of a single Index, the level of the Index specified and in the case 
of a basket of Indices, the level per basket specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Knock-out Determination Day means, in respect of a single Index and in relation to a basket of 
Indices, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-
out Determination Period, subject to, in either case, the provisions of "Delay in Publication" set out in 
Condition 22.1 above. For the purposes of a Delay in Publication, any Knock-out Determination Day 
will be treated as an Observation Date and the provisions contained in the definition of "Observation 
Date" set out above shall apply. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to 
"Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the 
definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
"Averaging Date" were to "Knock-out Determination Day". 
Knock-out Determination Period means, in respect of a single Index or a basket of Indices, the 
period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and 
includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date means, in respect of a single Index or a basket of Indices, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Period Ending Date means, in respect of a single Index or a basket of Indices, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Valuation Time means, in respect of a single Index or a basket of Indices, the time or 
period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-
out Valuation Time shall be the Scheduled Closing Time or any other time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Scheduled Closing Time means the Relevant Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on a given 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
22.5 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then unless previously 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an Automatic 
Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on 
the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date and the Early Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer on such date upon redemption of each Note 
shall be an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
For the purposes of these Conditions:

--- Page 401 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
401 
 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount means (a) an amount in the Specified Currency specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or if such amount is not specified, (b) the product of (i) the denomination of each Note 
and (ii) the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject 
in each case to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) (A) 
in the case of a single Index, that the level of the Index determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Schedule 
Closing Time on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is, and (B) in the case of a basket of Indices, 
the amount for the basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Index as 
the product of (i) the level of such Index as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on 
any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date and (ii) the relevant weighting is, and for both (A) and (B) 
as specified in the Final Terms (a) "greater than", (b) "greater than or equal to", (c) "less than" or (d) "less than 
or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level. 
Automatic Early Redemption Level means the level of the Index specified as such or otherwise determined 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject to "Adjustments" set forth in Condition 22.3 above. 
Automatic Early Redemption Rate means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Date, the rate 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, unless, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, 
then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the case may be, 
contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions 
to "Averaging Date" were to "Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date". 
23. 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO CURRENCY LINKED NOTES 
This Condition 23 applies to Currency Linked Notes only. The Technical Annex set out on pages 503 
to 536 of this Base Prospectus contains provisions relating to the formulae used to determine the pay-
off under Currency Linked Notes. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the 
determination of the performance of the relevant Exchange Rate or Exchange Rates as well as other 
relevant provisions and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 23 and with the Technical 
Annex for full information on any Currency Linked Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms 
will identify the relevant Exchanges Rate(s). 
23.1 
Determination of Disruption Event 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a Disruption Event (as defined below) has occurred and is 
continuing on any Observation Date, Knock-in Determination Date or Knock-out Determination Date 
then such Observation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day shall be 
postponed to the first following Business Day in respect of which there is no such Disruption Event; 
provided, however, that in no event shall the Observation Date, Knock-in Determination Date or 
Knock-out Determination Date be later than the eighth Business Day after the Maturity Date or the 
Early Redemption Date, as the case may be, and, if a Disruption Event in relation to an Exchange Rate 
is continuing on such eighth Business Day, the Observation Date, Knock-in Determination Date or 
Knock-out Determination Date shall be such eighth Business Day and the Issuer shall pay in lieu of 
payment of the Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date or Early 
Redemption Date, as the case may be, the Disruption Redemption Amount (as notified below) on the 
third Business Day following such eighth Business Day. All determinations made by the Calculation

--- Page 402 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
402 
 
 
Agent pursuant to this Condition will be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Issuer 
except in the case of manifest error.  
Notice of the Disruption Redemption Amount, determined in accordance with this Condition will be 
given to holders of the relevant Notes by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 of the English 
Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
Disruption Event, in respect of Currency Linked Notes, means the occurrence of any of the following 
events: 
(a) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(b) 
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(c) 
Dual Exchange Rate, 
which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour 
period that (x) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event begins or 
ends at the time when the level of such Exchange Rate triggers respectively the Knock-in Level or the 
Knock-out Level or (y) in all other circumstances ends at the relevant Relevant Time; 
(d) 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, materially affects dealings in the 
Notes of any Series or affects the ability of the Issuer to meet any of its obligations under the 
Notes of any Series or under any related hedge transactions. 
23.2 
Calculation of Exchanges Rates for certain Settlement Rate options 
(a) 
If any of the Exchange Rates specified in the applicable Final Terms are published or 
announced by more than one screen page and the screen page referred to in such applicable 
Final Terms fails to publish or announce that Exchange Rate on the Rate Calculation Date (or, 
if different, the day on which rates for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published or 
announced by such screen page), then the Spot Rate for that Rate Calculation Date will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion. 
(b) 
If the Exchange Rates specified in the applicable Final Terms are reported, sanctioned, 
recognised, published, announced or adopted (or are the subject of other similar action) by the 
relevant Governmental Authority (as defined below), and such Exchange Rate ceases to exist 
and is replaced by a successor currency exchange rate that is reported, sanctioned, recognised, 
published, announced or adopted (or other similar action) by such Governmental Authority 
(the Official Successor Rate), then the Spot Rate for the relevant Rate Calculation Date will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion. 
(c) 
For the purposes of determining the Spot Rate for any Rate Calculation Date in any case where 
the Spot Rate for a Rate Calculation Date is based on information obtained from the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service or the Dow Jones Telerate Service, the Spot Rate will be subject 
to the corrections, if any, to that information subsequently displayed by that source within one 
hour of the time when such rate is first displayed by such notice. 
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, in any case where the Spot Rate for a Rate Calculation Date 
is based on the information published or announced by a Governmental Authority in the relevant 
country, the Spot Rate will be subject to the correction, if any, to that information subsequently 
published or announced by that source within the shorter of the period of five days from the Rate 
Calculation Date and the period expiring on the Business Day prior to the Maturity Date or Early 
Redemption Payment Date, as the case may be.

--- Page 403 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
403 
 
 
23.3 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, unless otherwise specified in 
such Final Terms, amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and/or payment under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
If Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, unless otherwise specified in 
such Final Terms, amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and/or payment under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will 
be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day for the purposes 
of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on which the relevant Exchange 
is opened for business and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day 
and at any time during the one hour period that begins and/or ends at the time on which the level of 
the Exchange Rate triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a Disruption Event occurs or 
exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred. 
For the purposes of this Condition 23: 
Knock-in Event means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) (A) in the case of 
a single Exchange Rate, that the level of the Exchange Rate determined by the Calculation Agent as 
of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day is and (B) in the case of 
Exchange Rates, that the amount for the basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum 
of the values of each Exchange Rate as the product in respect of each Exchange Rate of (i) the level 
of such Exchange Rate as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day and 
(ii) the relevant weighting is and for both (A) and (B) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) 
"greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-
in Level. 
Knock-in Level means (A) in the case of a single Exchange Rate, the level of the Exchange Rate 
specified and (B) in case of a basket of Exchange Rates, the level per Basket specified and for both 
(A) and (B) as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from 
time to time in accordance with the provisions of "Disruption Event" set out in Condition 23.1 above. 
Knock-in Determination Day means, in the case of a single Exchange Rate and in the case of a basket 
of Exchange Rates, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or each Scheduled Trading Day during 
the Knock-in Determination Period subject to, in either case, the provisions of "Disruption Event" set 
out in Condition 23.1 above. For the purposes of a Disruption Event, any Knock-in Determination Day 
will be treated as an Observation Date and the provisions contained in the definition of "Observation 
Date" set out below shall apply. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to 
"Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the 
definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
"Averaging Date" were to "Knock-in Determination Day".

--- Page 404 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
404 
 
 
Knock-in Determination Period means, in respect of a single Exchange Rate or a basket of Exchange 
Rates the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends 
on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date means, in respect of a single Exchange Rate or a basket of 
Exchange Rates the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Period Ending Date means, in respect of a single Exchange Rate or a basket of Exchange 
Rates, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Valuation Time means, in respect of a single Exchange Rate or a basket of Exchange Rates, 
the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, 
the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Scheduled Closing Time or any other time specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-out Event means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) (A) in the case of 
a single Exchange Rate, that the level of the Exchange Rate determined by the Calculation Agent as 
of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day is and (B) in the case of a 
basket of Exchange Rates, that the amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the sum of the values of each Exchange Rate as the product in respect of each Exchange Rate of (i) 
the level of such Exchange Rate as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination 
Day and (ii) the relevant weighting is, and for both (A) and (B) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" 
the Knock-out Level. 
Knock-out Level means, in the case of a single Exchange Rate, the level of the Exchange Rate 
specified and in the case of a basket of Exchange Rates, the level per basket specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions of " Disruption Event " set out in Condition 23.1 above. 
Knock-out Determination Day means, in respect of a single Exchange Rate and in relation to a basket 
of Exchange Rates, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or each Scheduled Trading Day during 
the Knock-out Determination Period subject to, in either case, the provisions of "Disruption Event" 
set out in Condition 23.1 above. For the purposes of a Disruption Event, any Knock-out Determination 
Day will be treated as an Observation Date and the provisions contained in the definition of 
"Observation Date" set out below shall apply. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions 
relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the case may be, contained 
in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions 
to "Averaging Date" were to "Knock-out Determination Day". 
Knock-out Determination Period means, in respect of a single Exchange Rate or a basket of 
Exchange Rates, the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Beginning Date 
and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date means, in respect of a single Exchange Rate or a basket of 
Exchange Rates, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Period Ending Date means, in respect of a single Exchange Rate or a basket of Exchange 
Rates, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day.

--- Page 405 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
405 
 
 
Knock-out Valuation Time means, in respect of a single Exchange Rate or a basket of Exchange 
Rates, the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out 
Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Scheduled Closing Time or any other time 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
23.4 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then unless previously 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an Automatic 
Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on 
the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date and the Early Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer on such date upon redemption of each Note 
shall be an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
For the purposes of this Condition 23: 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount means (a) an amount in the Specified Currency specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or if such amount is not specified, (b) the product of (i) the denomination of each Note 
and (ii) the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject 
in each case to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) (A) 
in the case of an Exchange Rate, that the level of the Exchange Rate determined by the Calculation Agent as 
of the Relevant Time on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is, and (B) in the case of basket of 
Exchange Rates, the amount for the basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values 
of each Exchange Rate as the product of (i) the level of such Exchange Rate as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Relevant Time on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date and (ii) the relevant 
weighting is, and for both (A) and (B) as specified in the Final Terms (a) "greater than", (b) "greater than or 
equal to", (c) "less than" or (d) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level. 
Automatic Early Redemption Level means the level of the Exchange Rate specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to "Disruption Event" set forth in Condition 23.1 above. 
Automatic Early Redemption Rate means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Date, the rate 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, 
then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the case may be, 
contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions 
to "Averaging Date" were to "Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date". 
23.5 
Additional definitions 
Averaging Date means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, then:

--- Page 406 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
406 
 
 
(a) 
If Omission is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such date will be 
deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant Settlement 
Rate provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Date would occur, 
then the provisions of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for purposes of determining 
the relevant level, price or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were 
a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(b) 
if Postponement is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the provisions 
of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant 
level, price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation 
Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that 
deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging 
Date; or 
(c) 
if Modified Postponement is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms then: 
(i) 
where the Notes are Currency Linked Notes relating to a single Exchange Rate, the 
Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). If the first 
succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption (up to the Relevant 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) immediately following the 
original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, 
would have been the final Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of 
whether that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging 
Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or price for 
that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of 
Valuation Date below; 
(ii) 
where the Notes are Currency Linked Notes relating to a basket of Exchange Rates, 
the Averaging Date for the Exchange Rate not affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall be the originally designated Averaging Date (the Scheduled 
Averaging Date) and the Averaging Date for an Index affected by the occurrence of 
a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below) in relation 
to such Exchange Rate. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Exchange 
Rate has not occurred for consecutive Scheduled Trading days equal in number to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption (up to the Relevant Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) immediately following the original date that, but 
for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the 
final Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect of such Exchange 
Rate, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or amount 
for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of 
Valuation Date below; and 
(iii) 
for the purposes of these Conditions Valid Date means a Scheduled Trading Day that 
is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does not or is not deemed 
to occur. 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Disruption Event has occurred.

--- Page 407 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
407 
 
 
Dual Exchange Rate means with respect to any Exchange Rate, that the Exchange Rate splits into 
dual or multiple currency exchange rates. 
Exchange Rate means the rate of exchange of the Currency of one country for the Currency of another 
country, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial market (including the central bank) of the countries 
for which the Relevant Currencies are the lawful currencies. 
Illiquidity Disruption means in relation to an Exchange Rate the occurrence of an event whereby it 
becomes impossible to obtain a firm quote of the Settlement Rate for an amount to be determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the Observation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for that 
Observation Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant price 
source). 
Observation Date means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified 
Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis 
mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Observation Date". 
Observation Period means the period specified as the Observation Period in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Price Source Disruption means in relation to an Exchange Rate in respect of a Currency Linked Note, 
means it becomes impossible to obtain the Settlement Rate on the Observation Date (or, if different, 
the day on which rates for that Observation Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or 
announced by the relevant price source). 
Rate Calculation Date means Observation Date or the Averaging Date, as appropriate. 
Relevant Currencies means those currencies which comprise each Exchange Rate. 
Relevant Time means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the relevant Observation 
Date which, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall be the time at which the 
Price Source published the relevant Exchange Rate(s) from which the Settlement Rate is calculated. 
Scheduled Trading Day means the relevant Scheduled Trading Day specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
Settlement Rate means, in relation to an Exchange Rate, for any Observation Date in respect of a 
Maturity Date or an Early Redemption Date (as the case may be) the currency exchange rate equal to 
(i) the Settlement Rate specified or otherwise determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms 
or, (ii) if a Settlement Rate or a means of determining a Settlement Rate is not so specified, the Spot 
Rate for that Observation Date. 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such other 
number of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Spot Rate means, for any date, the exchange rate(s) determined in accordance with the method 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not specified, the exchange rate at the time at which such

--- Page 408 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
408 
 
 
exchange rate(s) is/are to be determined for foreign exchange transactions in the relevant Currencies 
for value on that date as determined by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion. 
Valuation Date means the Coupon Valuation Date and/or the Redemption Valuation Date, as the case 
may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such 
day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
where the Notes are Currency Linked Notes relating to a single Exchange Rate, the Valuation 
Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless 
each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Rate in the manner set out in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if not set out or if not practicable, determine the Settlement Rate in accordance 
with its good faith estimate of the value for the Settlement Rate as of the Relevant Time on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
where the Notes are Currency Linked Notes relating to a basket of Exchange Rates, the 
Valuation Date for each Exchange Rate, not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each Exchange Rate, 
affected, as the case may be, (each an Affected Item) by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the 
Affected Item unless each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Item, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Settlement Rate using, in relation to the Affected Item, the level or value as 
applicable, determined in the manner set out in the applicable Final Terms, or, if not set out 
or if not practicable, using its good faith estimate of the value for the Affected Item as of the 
Relevant Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day), 
and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
24. 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
This Condition 24 applies to Commodity Linked Notes only. The Technical Annex set out on pages 
503 to 536 of this Base Prospectus contains provisions relating to the formulae used to determine the 
pay-off under Commodity Linked Notes. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable 
to the determination of the performance of the relevant Commodity or Commodities as well as other 
relevant provisions and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 24 and with the Technical 
Annex for full information on any Commodity Linked Notes.   
24.1 
Market Disruption 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a relevant Commodity or Commodity Index and as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence or existence of: 
(a) 
in the case of all Commodities and each Commodity Index, a Price Source Disruption, Trading 
Disruption, Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price; and in addition

--- Page 409 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
409 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of each Commodity Index and all Commodities other than gold, silver, platinum 
or palladium, Material Change in Formula, Material Change in Content and/or Tax Disruption; 
and in addition 
(c) 
in the case of a Commodity Index, Index Component Disruption Event. 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the Issuer and the relevant Agent of if it 
has determined that a Market Disruption Event has occurred and the action proposed to be taken in 
relation thereto and such Agent shall make available for inspection by holders copies of any such 
determinations. 
24.2 
Disruption Fallbacks 
Disruption Fallback means a source or method specified in the applicable Final Terms as giving rise 
to an alternative basis for determining the Relevant Price in respect of a specified Commodity 
Reference Price or the redemption of the Notes when a Market Disruption Event occurs or exists on a 
day that is a Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Date or Knock-out 
Determination Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that Observation Date, Averaging 
Date, Knock-in Determination Date or Knock-out Determination Date would, in the ordinary course, 
be published or announced by the Price Source). 
(a) 
Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price, a Material Change in Formula, or a 
Material Change in Content 
If, with respect to the relevant Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination 
Date or Knock-out Determination Date the Calculation Agent considers that there is in 
existence (i) a Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price, or (ii) a Material Change in 
Formula, or (iii) a Material Change in Content is available, then 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such event has a material effect on the Notes 
and, if so, shall calculate the relevant amount payable on the Notes using, in lieu of a 
published price for that Commodity or Component, as the case may be, the price for 
that Commodity or Component, as the case may be, as at the time specified on that 
Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Date or Knock-out 
Determination Date, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
taking into consideration the latest available quotation for such Commodity and any 
other information that in good faith it deems relevant; or 
(ii) 
unless Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Market Disruption Event is specified 
as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on giving notice to Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the 
French Law Notes, as the case may be, the Issuer shall redeem all but not some only 
of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the fair 
market value of such Note, less the cost to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion. Payment shall be made in such manner as shall be notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or 
Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be; or 
(iii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Market Disruption Event is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate 
the fair market value of each Note less the cost to the Issuer of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements (the Calculated Amount) as soon as 
practicable following the occurrence of the Market Disruption Event (the Calculated

--- Page 410 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
410 
 
 
Amount Determination Date) and on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Amount 
plus interest accrued from and including the Calculated Amount Determination Date 
to but excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost at such time 
or (y) if greater, its nominal amount. 
(b) 
Tax Disruption 
If the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that a Tax Disruption has occurred or exists 
in respect of an Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Date or Knock-
out Determination Date, the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Tax Disruption has a 
material effect on the Notes and if so (i) shall effect any adjustments that it deems in good 
faith necessary to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or, if it determines that such 
adjustments cannot be made, (ii) on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, 
the Issuer shall redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by 
payment of an amount equal to the fair market value of such Note, less the cost to the Issuer 
of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payment shall be made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law 
Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Price Source Disruption and Trading Disruption 
If, with respect to the relevant Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination 
Date or Knock-out Determination Date, a Price Source Disruption or Trading Disruption has 
been in existence in excess of the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption and no Substitute 
Commodity Price is available in respect of such Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-
in Determination Date or Knock-out Determination Date on the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, then the Calculation Agent shall apply the Commodity Fallback Value in order to 
determine the Commodity Reference Price. 
(d) 
Index Component Disruption 
If the Calculation Agent determines that, on an Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in 
Determination Date or Knock-out Determination Date (or, if different, the day on which prices 
for that Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Date or Knock-out 
Determination Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the Price 
Source) an Index Component Disruption Event has occurred or exists then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Relevant Price (or a method for determining the Relevant Price) for 
that Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Date or Knock-out 
Determination Date and each subsequent Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in 
Determination Date or Knock-out Determination Date (if any). 
24.3 
Correction of Commodity Reference Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is, unless stated otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms, three Commodity Business Days prior to the due date for any payment under 
the Notes calculated by reference to a Commodity Reference Price, if the Commodity Reference Price 
published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination 
under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction published by the relevant Exchange or 
any other person responsible for the publication or announcement of the Commodity Reference Price 
within 30 calendar days of the original publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant 
Commodity as so corrected. Corrections published after the day which is, unless stated otherwise in

--- Page 411 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
411 
 
 
the Applicable Final Terms, three Commodity Business Days prior to a due date for payment under 
the Notes calculated by reference to a Commodity Reference Price will be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
24.4 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, unless otherwise specified in 
such Final Terms, amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and/or payment under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
If Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, unless otherwise specified in 
such Final Terms, amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and/or payment under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will 
be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day for the purposes 
of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on which the relevant Exchange 
is opened for business and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day 
and at any time during the one hour period that begins and/or ends at the time on which the price of 
the Commodity triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a Disruption Event occurs or 
exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred. 
For the purposes of this Condition 24: 
Knock-in Event means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) (A) in the case of 
a single Commodity, that the price of the Commodity determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day is and (B) in the case of a basket of 
Commodities, that the amount for the basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of 
the values of each Commodity as the product in respect of each Commodity of (i) the price of such 
Commodity as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day and (ii) the 
relevant weighting is and for both (A) and (B) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) "greater 
than", (b) "greater than or equal to", (c) "less than" or (d) "less than or equal to" the Knock-in Level. 
Knock-in Level means (A) in the case of a single Commodity, the price of the Commodity specified 
and (B) in case of a basket of Commodities, the price per Commodity specified and for both (A) and 
(B) as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to 
time in accordance with the provisions of "Market Disruption Event" set out in Condition 24.1 above. 
Knock-in Determination Day means, in the case of a single Commodity and in the case of a basket 
of Commodities, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or each Scheduled Trading Day during 
the Knock-in Determination Period subject to, in either case, the provisions of "Market Disruption 
Event" set out in Condition 24.1 above. For the purposes of a Market Disruption Event, any Knock-in 
Determination Day will be treated as a Valuation Date and the provisions contained in the definition 
of "Valuation Date" set out below shall apply. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions 
relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the case may be, contained 
in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions 
to "Averaging Date" were to "Knock-in Determination Day".

--- Page 412 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
412 
 
 
Knock-in Determination Period means, in respect of a single Commodity or a basket of 
Commodities the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Beginning Date and 
ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date means, in respect of a single Commodity or a basket of 
Commodities the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Period Ending Date means, in respect of a single Commodity or a basket of Commodities, 
the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Valuation Time means, in respect of a single Commodity or a basket of Commodities, the 
time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the 
Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Scheduled Closing Time or any other time specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-out Event means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) (A) in the case of 
a single Commodity, that the price of the Commodity determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day is and (B) in the case of a basket of 
Commodities, that the amount for the basket of Commodities determined by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the sum of the values of each Commodity as the product in respect of each Commodity of (i) 
the price of such Commodity as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination 
Day and (ii) the relevant weighting is, and for both (A) and (B) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" 
the Knock-out Level. 
Knock-out Level means, in the case of a single Commodity Index, the level of the Commodity 
specified and in the case of a basket of Commodities, the price per basket specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with 
the provisions of "Market Disruption Event" set out in Condition 24.1 above. 
Knock-out Determination Day means, in respect of a single Commodity and in relation to a basket 
of Commodities, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or each Scheduled Trading Day during 
the Knock-out Determination Period subject to, in either case, the provision of "Market Disruption 
Event" set out in Condition 24.1 above. For the purposes of a Disruption Event, any Knock-out 
Determination Day will be treated as a Valuation Date and the provisions contained in the definition 
of "Valuation Date" set out below shall apply. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions 
relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the case may be, contained 
in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions 
to "Averaging Date" were to "Knock-out Determination Day". 
Knock-out Determination Period means, in respect of a single Commodity or a basket of 
Commodities, the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Beginning Date 
and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date means, in respect of a single Commodity or a basket of 
Commodities, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Period Ending Date means, in respect of a single Commodity or a basket of Commodities, 
the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day.

--- Page 413 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
413 
 
 
Knock-out Valuation Time means, in respect of a single Commodity or a basket of Commodities, 
the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation 
Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Scheduled Closing Time or any other time specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
24.5 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed 
in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date and the Early Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer 
on such date upon redemption of each Note shall be an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount means (a) an amount in the Specified Currency specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or if such amount is not specified, (b) the product of (i) the denomination 
of each Note and (ii) the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Rate relating to that Automatic Early 
Redemption Date. 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (A) in the case of a Commodity, that the price of the Commodity determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Valuation Time on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is, and (B) in the 
case of basket of Commodities, the amount for the basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the sum of the prices of each Commodity as the product of (i) the price of such Commodity as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date and (ii) the relevant weighting is, and for both (A) and (B) as specified in the Final 
Terms (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" 
the Automatic Early Redemption Price. 
Automatic Early Redemption Price means the price per Commodity specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to "Market Disruption Event" set forth in Condition 
24.1 above. 
Automatic Early Redemption Rate means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Date, the 
rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day 
is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified 
Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis 
mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date".

--- Page 414 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
414 
 
 
24.6 
Definitions 
Averaging Date means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
If Omission is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such date will be 
deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Date 
would occur, then the provisions of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for purposes 
of determining the relevant level, price or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such 
Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(b) 
if Postponement is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the provisions 
of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant 
level, price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation 
Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that 
deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging 
Date; or 
(c) 
if Modified Postponement is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms then: 
(i) 
where the Notes are Commodity Linked Notes relating to a single Commodity, the 
Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). If the first 
succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption (up to the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) immediately following the 
original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, 
would have been the final Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of 
whether that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging 
Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or price for 
that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of 
Valuation Date below; 
(ii) 
where the Notes are Commodity Linked Notes relating to a basket of Commodities, 
the Averaging Date for the Commodity not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day shall be the originally designated Averaging Date (the Scheduled Averaging 
Date) and the Averaging Date for an Commodity affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below) in relation 
to such Exchange Rate. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Exchange 
Rate has not occurred for consecutive Scheduled Trading days equal in number to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption (up to the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) immediately following the original date that, but 
for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the 
final Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect of such Exchange 
Rate, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or amount 
for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of 
Valuation Date below; and

--- Page 415 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
415 
 
 
(iii) 
for the purposes of these Conditions Valid Date means a Scheduled Trading Day that 
is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does not or is not deemed 
to occur. 
Commodity means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Commodity Linked Conditions, 
the commodity (or commodities) or futures contract on a commodity (or commodities) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly and for the avoidance 
of doubt, each of climatic variables, freight rates and emissions allowances may be a Commodity for 
the purposes of these Commodity Linked Conditions and the applicable Final Terms. 
Commodity Business Day means: 
(a) 
where the Commodity Reference Price is announced or published by an Exchange, any day 
that is (or, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have been) a day on 
which that Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading sessions and 
notwithstanding any such Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time; 
(b) 
in any other case, a day in respect of which the relevant Price Source published (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have published), a price. 
Commodity Fallback Value means the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided to the Calculation 
Agent by each of the Reference Dealers as its Commodity Reference Price for the relevant Observation 
Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Date or Knock-out Determination Date of the relevant 
Commodity, provided that if only three such quotations are so provided, the Commodity Fallback 
Value shall be the Commodity Reference Price remaining after disregarding the Commodity Reference 
Prices having the highest and lowest values (or if more than one such highest or lowest, one only of 
them). If fewer than three such quotations are so provided, such value shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion acting in good faith. 
Commodity Index means each index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or an index 
comprising one or more Commodities or Commodity Futures contracts (each a Component). 
Commodity Reference Price means, in respect of any Commodity or Commodity Index the price 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Component Futures means, at any time, the futures contracts used by the Price Source at such time 
to calculate the Commodity Reference Price (each a Component Future). 
Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price means (a) the permanent discontinuation of trading, 
in the relevant Commodity or in the case of a Commodity Index, Component on the relevant Exchange 
or (b) the disappearance of, or of trading in, the relevant Commodity or Component or (c) the 
disappearance or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of a Commodity Reference Price, 
notwithstanding the availability of the related Price Source or the status of trading in the relevant 
Commodity or Component. 
Exchange means, in relation to a Commodity, the exchange or principal trading market for such 
Commodity specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Index Component Disruption Event means: 
(a) 
the Commodity Reference Price published by the Price Source on any Observation Date, 
Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Date or Knock-out Determination Date includes, or 
is derived from, a price for one or more Component Futures published on any date between 
the Issue Date and such Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Date or

--- Page 416 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
416 
 
 
Knock-out Determination Date that is not a price published by the usual exchange or price 
source, but is a price determined by the Price Source; or 
(b) 
the Commodity Reference Price published by the Price Source on any Observation Date, 
Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Date or Knock-out Determination Date includes, or 
is derived from, a price for one or more Component Futures published by the usual exchange 
or price source on any date between the Issue Date and such Observation Date, Averaging 
Date, Knock-in Determination Date or Knock-out Determination Date that, in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, has been calculated or published subject to the occurrence of market 
disruption or similar, or otherwise not in accordance with the usual, then-current, method used 
by such exchange or price source. 
Material Change in Content means the occurrence since the Issue Date of a material change in the 
content, composition or constitution of the relevant Commodity or, in the case of a Commodity Index, 
Component. 
Material Change in Formula means the occurrence since the Issue Date of a material change in the 
formula for or the method of calculating the relevant Commodity Reference Price. 
Observation Date means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if any such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading 
Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day 
is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified 
Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis 
mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Observation Date". 
Observation Period means the period specified as the Observation Period in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Price Source means the publication (or such other origin of reference, including an Exchange) 
containing (or reporting) the Relevant Price (or prices from which the Relevant Price is calculated) 
specified in the relevant Commodity Reference Price. 
Price Source Disruption means (a) the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish the Relevant 
Price (or the information necessary for determining the Relevant Price) for the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price, or (b) the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the Price 
Source. 
Reference Dealers means four leading dealers in the relevant Commodities market selected by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Relevant Price means, in respect of any Commodity or Commodity Index, the Commodity Reference 
Price in respect of such Commodity or Commodity Index, as the case may be, on the Observation 
Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Date or Knock-out Determination Date. 
Scheduled Closing Time means the Relevant Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on a given 
Commodity Business Day. 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption means two Commodity Business Days or such other 
number of Specified Maximum Days of Disruption specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Substitute Commodity Price means in respect of any Commodity or Commodity Index the price 
which constitutes a benchmark or price selected by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a

--- Page 417 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
417 
 
 
commercially reasonable manner, and which in its determination is or will be used by market 
participants as a substitute for the Commodity Reference Price. 
Tax Disruption means the imposition of, change in or removal of an excise, severance, sales, use, 
value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or measured by reference to, 
the relevant Commodity or, in the case of a Commodity Index, Component (other than a tax on, or 
measured by reference to overall gross or net income) by any government or taxation authority after 
the Issue Date, if the direct effect of such imposition, change or removal is to raise or lower the 
Relevant Price on the day that would otherwise be an Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in 
Determination Date or Knock-out Determination Date from what it would have been without that 
imposition, change or removal. 
Trading Disruption means the material suspension of, or the material limitation imposed on, trading 
in the relevant Commodity or, in the case of a Commodity Index, Component on the Exchange or in 
any additional futures contract, options contract or commodity on any Exchange as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. For these purposes: 
(a) 
a suspension of the trading in the Commodity or Component, as the case may be, on any 
Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be material only if: 
(i) 
all trading in the Commodity or Component, as the case may be, is suspended for the 
entire Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Date or Knock-
out Determination Date; or 
(ii) 
all trading in the Commodity is suspended subsequent to the opening of trading on the 
Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Date or Knock-out 
Determination Date, trading does not recommence prior to the regularly scheduled 
close of trading in such Commodity or Component, as the case may be, on such 
Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Date or Knock-out 
Determination Date and such suspension is announced less than one hour preceding 
its commencement; and 
(b) 
a limitation of trading in the relevant Commodity or Component, as the case may be, on any 
Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be material only if the relevant Exchange 
establishes limits on the range within which the price of the relevant Commodity may fluctuate 
and the closing or settlement price of the relevant Commodity on such day is at the upper or 
lower limit of that range. 
Valuation Date means the Coupon Valuation Date and/or the Redemption Valuation Date, as the case 
may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Commodity Business Day, the 
immediately succeeding Commodity Business Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
where the Notes are Commodity Linked Notes relating to a single Commodity, the Valuation 
Date shall be the first succeeding Commodity Business Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless 
each of the consecutive Commodity Business Day equal in number to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the Commodity Business Day is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be the 
Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Commodity Reference Price in the manner set out in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if not set out or if not practicable, determine the Commodity 
Reference Price in accordance with its good faith estimate of Commodity Reference Price as 
of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Commodity Business Day); or

--- Page 418 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
418 
 
 
(b) 
where the Notes are Commodity Linked Notes relating to a basket of Commodities, the 
Valuation Date for each Commodity, not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall 
be the Scheduled Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each Commodity, affected, as 
the case may be, (each an Affected Item) by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
first succeeding Commodity Business Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected 
Item unless each of the consecutive Commodity Business Days equal in number to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive 
Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Item, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Commodity Reference Price using, in relation to the Affected Item, the level or 
value as applicable, determined in the manner set out in the applicable Final Terms, or, if not 
set out or if not practicable, using its good faith estimate of the value for the Affected Item as 
of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Commodity Business Day), 
and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
Valuation Time means the Relevant Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the relevant 
Valuation Date which, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall be the time at 
which the Price Source published the relevant Commodity Reference Price from which the Commodity 
Reference Price is calculated. 
25. 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO FUND LINKED NOTES 
This Condition 25 applies to Fund Linked Notes only. The Technical Annex set out on pages 503 to 
536 of this Base Prospectus contains provisions relating to the formulae used to determine amounts 
payable under Fund Linked Notes. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the 
determination of the occurrence of a Credit Event as well as other relevant provisions and must be 
read in conjunction with this Condition 25 and the relevant formula and with the Technical Annex for 
full information on any Fund Linked Notes. 
Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined in this Condition 25 shall have the meaning 
set out in the 2006 ISDA Fund Derivatives Definitions as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (the 2006 Fund Derivatives Definitions) save that any references to the 
"Confirmation" shall be deemed to refer instead to the "applicable Final Terms", references to the 
"Fund Derivative Transaction" shall be deemed to refer instead to the Notes, references to the "Buyer" 
shall be deemed to refer instead to the Issuer, and references to the "Seller" shall be deemed to refer 
instead to the Noteholder(s). The 2006 Fund Derivatives Definitions are hereby incorporated by 
reference herein, and shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Notes. 
In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions and the applicable Final Terms on the one 
hand and the 2006 Fund Derivatives Definitions on the other, the Conditions and the applicable Final 
Terms shall prevail. 
25.1 
Market Disruption in respect of Notes linked to one or more ETFs 
If the Fund is an ETF, Market Disruption Event means, in relation to Notes relating to a single Fund 
Share or a Fund Basket, in respect of a Fund Share the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is 
material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an 
Early Closure. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be,

--- Page 419 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
419 
 
 
of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would 
have been an Averaging Date or a Valuation Date or on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-
out Determination Day, as the case may be. 
25.2 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event in respect of ETFs: 
(a) 
If the Fund is an ETF and: 
(i) 
If "Knock-in Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, unless 
otherwise specified in such Final Terms, any payment and/or delivery, as applicable under the relevant 
Notes which is expressed in the applicable Final Terms to be subject to a Knock-in Event, shall be 
conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
(ii) 
If "Knock-out Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, unless 
otherwise specified in such Final Terms, any and/or payment delivery, as applicable under the relevant 
Notes which is expressed in the applicable Final Terms to be subject to a Knock-out Event, shall be 
conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
(iii) 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day at any time during the one hour period that begins or ends at the Valuation Time 
the price of the Fund Share triggers the Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price, a Trading Disruption, 
Exchange Disruption or Early Closure occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out 
Event shall be deemed not to have occurred, provided that if, by operation of this provision, no Knock-
in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination 
Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period 
Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the price 
of the Fund Share as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with 
the provisions contained in the definition of Valuation Date. 
(iv) 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on the relevant Exchange 
and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during 
the one hour period that begins or ends at the time on which the price of the Fund Share triggers the 
Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price, a Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure 
occurs or exists, then, the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have 
occurred, provided that if, by operation of this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-
out Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out 
Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be 
treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of the Fund Share as 
at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions 
contained in the definition of Valuation Date. 
(b) 
Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Knock-in Determination Day means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or 
each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
Knock-in Determination Period means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
Knock-in Event means:

--- Page 420 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
420 
 
 
(i) 
(in the case of a single Fund Share) that the price of the Fund Share determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day is; 
or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a Fund Basket) that the amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to 
the sum of the values of each Fund Share as the product of (x) the price of such Fund Share 
as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in 
Determination Day and (y) the relevant Weighting is, 
(A) "greater than", (B) "greater than or equal to", (C) "less than" or (D) "less than or equal to" the 
Knock-in Price as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-in Price means, (i) in case of a single ETF, the price per Fund Share or (ii) in the case of a 
Fund Basket comprised of Fund Shares in one or more ETFs, the price, in each case specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 25.1. 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
the Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
Knock-in Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Scheduled Closing 
Time or any other time specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-out Determination Day means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or 
each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period. 
Knock-out Determination Period means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
Knock-out Event means: 
(i) 
(in the case of a single Fund Share) that the price of the Fund Share determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
is; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a Fund Basket) that the amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to 
the sum of the values of each Fund Share as the product of (x) the price of such Fund Share 
as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-
out Determination Day and (y) the relevant Weighting is, 
(A) "greater than", (B) "greater than or equal to", (C) "less than" or (D) "less than or equal to" the 
Knock-out Price as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable

--- Page 421 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
421 
 
 
in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
the Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
Knock-out Price means, (i) in the case of a single Fund Share, the price per Fund Share or (ii) in the 
case of a Fund Basket, the price, in each case specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in Condition 25.1. 
Knock-out Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Scheduled Closing 
Time or any other time specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
25.3 
Automatic Early Redemption 
(a) 
If the Fund is an ETF and "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date the Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, 
then the Notes will, subject as provided in Condition 25.6 (Redemption/Termination Date 
Extension), be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
and the Early Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer on such date upon redemption of 
each Note shall be an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
(b) 
Definitions relating to Automatic Early Redemption 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount means (i) an amount in the Settlement Currency specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or if such amount is not specified, (ii) the product of (A) the denomination 
of each Note and (B) the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Rate relating to that Automatic Early 
Redemption Date. 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day, provided that no 
additional amount shall be payable to Noteholders as a result of such delay. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event means that (i) in the case of a single Fund Share, the ETF Price 
or (ii) in the case of a Fund Basket, the Basket Price is, (A) "greater than", (B) "greater than or equal 
to", (C) "less than" or (D) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Price as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Price means the price per Fund Share specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Rate means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Date, the 
rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 422 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
422 
 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means each date as specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day 
is a Disrupted Day, then the corresponding provisions in the definition of Valuation Date shall apply 
mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Valuation Date" were to "Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date". 
Basket Price means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each Fund Share as the product 
of (i) the ETF Price in respect of such Fund Share on such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date and (ii) the relevant Weighting. 
ETF Price means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the price per Fund 
Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on 
such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
25.4 
Extraordinary Fund Events 
Extraordinary Fund Event means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the occurrence at 
any time on or after the Issue Date of any of the following events and any applicable Additional 
Extraordinary Fund Event: 
(a) 
the Fund or any Fund Service Provider (i) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its 
dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the 
benefit of its creditors; (iii) (1) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor 
or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over 
it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home 
office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition 
is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar 
official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law 
affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such 
proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in sub-
clause (iii)(1) above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the 
entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is 
not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; (iv) seeks or becomes subject to 
the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, 
custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (v) has a secured 
party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is 
not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; or (vi) causes or is subject to any 
event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an effect 
analogous to any of the events specified in sub-clauses (i) to (v) above; 
(b) 
the commencement of any investigative, judicial, administrative or other civil or criminal 
proceedings against the Fund, any Fund Service Provider or any key personnel of such entities, 
if such proceedings could (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) have an adverse impact on 
the Hedge Provider's rights or obligations in relation to its hedging activities in respect of the 
Notes;

--- Page 423 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
423 
 
 
(c) 
the Fund Service Provider or other agent or entity fulfilling such role, howsoever described in 
the Fund Documents as at the Issue Date, ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the Fund 
and is not immediately replaced in such capacity by a successor acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent; 
(d) 
(i) any of the investment objectives, investment restrictions or investment process (howsoever 
described) of the Fund are modified from that set out in the Fund Documents except where 
such change is of a formal, minor or technical nature or (ii) a material modification of the type 
of assets in which the Fund invests (including but not limited to a material deviation from the 
investment objectives, investment restrictions or investment process (howsoever described) 
set out in the Fund Documents); 
(e) 
a material modification of the Fund (including but not limited to a modification of the Fund 
Documents) or a material modification of the method of calculating the NAV per Fund Share, 
or any change in the periodicity of the calculation or the publication of the NAV per Fund 
Share or the occurrence of any event which in the determination of the Calculation Agent has 
or may have an adverse impact on the Fund or investors in the Fund (including, without 
limitation, the suspension of the NAV per Fund Share), in each case other than a modification 
or event which does not affect the Fund Shares or the Fund or any portfolio of assets to which 
the Fund Share relate (either alone or in common with other Fund Shares issued by the Fund); 
(f) 
any Fund Service Provider fails to provide the Calculation Agent, within a reasonable time, 
with any information that the Calculation Agent has reasonably requested regarding the 
investment portfolio of the Fund; 
(g) 
(i) the occurrence of any event affecting a Fund Share that, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, would make it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to 
determine the value of the relevant Fund Share; (ii) any failure of the Fund, or its authorised 
representative, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, (1) information that the Fund has agreed to 
deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Calculation Agent or Hedge Provider, or (2) information 
that has been previously delivered to the Hedge Provider or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, in accordance with the Fund's, or its authorised representative's, normal practice 
and that the Hedge Provider deems necessary for it or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, to 
monitor such Fund's compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation 
methodologies or any other similar policies relating to the relevant Fund Share; 
(h) 
any of the Fund, the Fund Service Providers, howsoever described in the Fund Documents, or 
any other party acting on behalf of the Fund fails for any reason to calculate and publish the 
NAV per Fund Share within the Number of NAV Publication Days following any date 
scheduled for the determination of the valuation of the Fund Shares unless the cause of such 
failure to publish is of technical nature and outside the control of the entity responsible for 
such publication; 
(i) 
(i) any relevant activities of or in relation to the Fund or the Fund Service Providers are or 
become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance 
with any present or future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, 
administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, (ii) a 
relevant authorisation or licence is revoked or is under review by a competent authority in 
respect of the Fund Service Providers, (iii) the Fund is required by a competent authority to 
redeem any Fund Shares and/or (iv) the Issuer and/or the Hedge Provider is required by a 
competent authority, the Fund or any other relevant entity to dispose of or compulsorily 
redeem any Fund Shares held in connection with any hedging arrangements relating to the 
Notes;

--- Page 424 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
424 
 
 
(j) 
(i) the non-execution or partial-execution by the Fund for any reason of a subscription or 
redemption order in respect of any Fund Shares (including, for the avoidance of any doubt, 
any non-execution by the Fund pending completion of its fiscal audit), if such non-execution 
or partial execution could in the sole determination of the Hedge Provider have an adverse 
impact on the Hedge Provider's rights or obligations in relation to its hedging activities in 
relation to the Notes, (ii) the Fund otherwise suspends or refuses transfers of any of its Fund 
Shares as described in the Fund Documents, (iii) if applicable, the Fund ceases to be an 
undertaking for collective investments under the relevant jurisdiction's legislation, (iv) the 
Fund otherwise suspends or refuses redemptions of any of its Fund Shares (including, without 
limitation, if the Fund applies any gating, deferral, suspension or other similar provisions 
permitting the Fund to delay or refuse redemption or transfer of Fund Shares) as described in 
the Fund Documents, (v) the Fund imposes in whole or in part any restriction (including, 
without limitation, any redemption in specie), charge or fee in respect of a redemption or 
subscription of its Fund Shares by the Issuer or the Hedge Provider or exercises its right to 
claw back the proceeds already paid on redeemed Fund Shares, as described in the Fund 
Documents, if in any case it could in the sole determination of the Hedge Provider have an 
adverse impact on the Hedge Provider's rights or obligations in relation to its hedging activities 
in relation to the Notes, (vi) a mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of the Fund Shares 
is imposed by the Fund on any one or more holders of Fund Shares at any time for any reason 
or (vii) the Issuer, the Hedge Provider, or any affiliate thereof, is required by the Fund or Fund 
Service Provider to redeem any Fund Shares for any reason; 
(k) 
the aggregate net asset value of the Fund falls below the level of the NAV Barrier; 
(l) 
a NAV Trigger Event occurs; 
(m) 
any proposal to wind up the Fund or the Fund ceases to exist or there exists any litigation 
against the Fund or a Fund Service Provider which in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent could materially affect the value of the Fund Shares; 
(n) 
the currency denomination of the Fund Share is amended from that set out in the Fund 
Documents so that the net asset value per Fund Share is no longer calculated in the same 
currency as at the Trade Date; 
(o) 
one or more of the key individuals involved with, or having supervision over, the Fund ceases 
to act in such capacity, and the relevant Fund Service Provider fails to appoint a replacement 
having similar qualifications to those of the key individual or individuals ceasing to act; 
(p) 
following the issue by a Fund of a new class or series (howsoever described in the Fund 
Documents) of shares, the Calculation Agent, determines that such new class or series of 
shares has or may have an adverse effect on the hedging activities of the Hedge Provider in 
relation to the Notes; 
(q) 
where the Notes are linked to a Fund Basket, a Basket Trigger Event; 
(r) 
there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws or regulations 
relating to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect on any hedging 
arrangements entered into by any Hedge Provider in respect of the Notes, (a Tax Event) and, 
subject as provided below, the Issuer or the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar 
month following the day the relevant Tax Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts 
to mitigate the material adverse effect of the Tax Event by seeking to transfer such hedging 
arrangements to an affiliated company, provided that the Issuer or the Hedge Provider shall 
not under any circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result in sustaining a 
loss or expense of any kind and the period set out above for such mitigation shall be deemed

--- Page 425 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
425 
 
 
satisfied on any date it is or becomes apparent at any time that there is no means of mitigating 
the Tax Event; 
(s) 
in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the Notes, as a result of any adoption 
of, or any change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after 
the Issue Date, or issuance of any directive or promulgation of, or any change in the 
interpretation, whether formal or informal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or 
similar administrative or judicial body of any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, 
howsoever described, after such date or as a result of any other relevant event (each a Relevant 
Event) (i) it would become unlawful or impractical for the Issuer or the Hedge Provider to 
hold (including, without limitation, circumstances requiring the Hedge Provider or the Issuer 
to adversely modify any reserve, special deposit, or similar requirement or that would 
adversely affect the amount of regulatory capital that would have to be maintained in respect 
of any holding of Fund Shares or that would subject a holder of the Fund Shares or the Issuer 
to any loss), purchase or sell any Fund Shares of the Fund or for the Issuer or the Hedge 
Provider to maintain such hedging arrangements, (ii) the cost to the Issuer or the Hedge 
Provider of such hedging activities would be materially increased for any reason or (iii) the 
Issuer and/or the Hedge Provider would be subject to a material loss and, subject as provided 
below, the Issuer or the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar week following the 
day the Relevant Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts to mitigate the effect of 
the Relevant Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to an affiliated company, 
provided that the Issuer or the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged 
to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period 
of one calendar week set out above shall be deemed satisfied on any date it is or becomes at 
any time apparent that there is no means of mitigating the Relevant Event;  
(t) 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Notes, if the cost to the Issuer or 
the Hedge Provider in relation to the Notes would be materially increased or the Issuer and/or 
the Hedge Provider would be subject to a material loss; or 
(u) 
in the case of a Fund which is an ETF, the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to the 
rules of such Exchange, the relevant Fund Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or 
publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded 
or re-quoted on (i) where the Exchange is located in the United States, any of the New York 
Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market System (or 
their respective successors) or otherwise (ii) a comparable exchange or quotation system 
located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European 
Union, in a member state of the European Union). 
25.5 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Fund Event 
Following the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event including any Additional Extraordinary 
Fund Event specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms either (i) effect a Substitution (as defined below) if a 
Substitution Event has occurred or (ii) subject as provided in Condition 25.6 (Redemption/Termination 
Date Extension) below, if it is impossible or impracticable to effect a Substitution or a Termination 
Event has occurred, redeem the Notes by payment of the Termination Amount on the Termination 
Date. 
(a) 
Substitution 
A Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred if any of the Extraordinary Fund 
Events set out in sub-paragraphs (a) to (p) of Condition 25.4 (Extraordinary Fund Events) or 
any Additional Extraordinary Fund Event specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a

--- Page 426 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
426 
 
 
Substitution Event occurs. Following the occurrence of a Substitution Event in respect of any 
Fund Share, the Calculation Agent shall: 
(i) 
determine the weighted average price at which an investor can redeem the Fund 
Shares in the relevant Fund in such number as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion as soon as it is reasonably practicable after the 
Substitution Event; 
(ii) 
for a period of not longer than 14 calendar days after the date of the Substitution 
Event, use reasonable efforts to substitute the relevant Fund Shares with shares, units 
or other similar interests in an alternative fund which, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics to the relevant Fund, including but not 
limited to, comparable investment objectives, investment restrictions and investment 
processes and has service providers acceptable to the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
if no alternative fund can be determined pursuant to the preceding sub-paragraph (ii) 
above, use reasonable efforts to substitute the relevant Fund with an index (or a fund 
tracking an index) selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion; and 
(iv) 
following any substitution in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above or (iii) above 
(a Substitution), in its sole and absolute discretion amend such of the terms of the 
Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as it determines to be 
appropriate to take account of such Substitution. 
(b) 
Termination 
A Termination Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect to any Fund or Fund Share 
if any of the Extraordinary Fund Events set out in sub-paragraphs (q) to (u) of Condition 25.4 
(Extraordinary Fund Events) or any Additional Extraordinary Fund Event specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is specified as being a Termination Event occurs. Upon the occurrence 
of a Termination Event the Issuer shall redeem all but not some only of the Notes on the 
Termination Date by payment to each Noteholder of the Termination Amount. 
Upon determining the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon 
as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or 
Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, giving details of the Extraordinary Fund 
Event and the action to be taken in respect thereof. 
25.6 
Redemption/Termination Date Extension 
In the case of Cash Settled Notes, if on the Scheduled Redemption Date, the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date or the Termination Date, as the case may be, the Hedge Provider has not, after having 
placed one or more redemption orders in respect of its holding of Fund Shares in accordance with the 
terms of the relevant Fund Documents, received redemption proceeds in full in respect of such Fund 
Shares (the Redemption Proceeds), the Calculation Agent may notify the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) that the Redemption Date, the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date or the Termination Date, as the case may be, has been postponed. As soon as 
practicable following receipt by the Hedge Provider of the Redemption Proceeds the Calculation Agent 
shall give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) (such 
notice the Delayed Payment Notice) and redeem the Notes on the date falling not more than five 
Business Days following the receipt of the Delayed Payment Notice (such date, the Postponed 
Redemption Date) by payment to each Holder of the Redemption Amount, the Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount or the Termination Amount, as the case may be, provided that, if the Hedge

--- Page 427 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
427 
 
 
Provider does not receive the Redemption Proceeds within the period ending on the date (the Delayed 
Payment Cut-off Date) specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified, the date falling 
two calendar years following the Scheduled Redemption Date, the Automatic Early Redemption Date 
or the Termination Date, as the case may be, the Postponed Redemption Date shall be the Delayed 
Payment Cut-off Date. 
In the case of interest bearing Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest calculated as provided 
in Condition 4 (Interest) accruing from (and including) the Interest Period End Date immediately 
preceding the Scheduled Redemption Date, the Automatic Early Redemption Date or the Termination 
Date, as the case may be, (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
Scheduled Redemption Date, the Automatic Early Redemption Date or the Termination Date, as the 
case may be, but shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on the Postponed Redemption 
Date and no further or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no additional amount 
shall be payable in respect of such delay. 
25.7 
Additional Definitions 
Additional Extraordinary Fund Event means any event specified as such in applicable the Final 
Terms. 
Averaging Date means, in the case of an ETF, each date specified as an Averaging Date in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following 
Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted 
Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
If Omission is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such date will be 
deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant Settlement 
Price provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Date would occur, 
then the provisions of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for purposes of determining 
the relevant level, price or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were 
a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(b) 
if Postponement is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the provisions 
of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant 
level, price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation 
Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that 
deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging 
Date; or 
(c) 
if Modified Postponement is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms then: 
(i) 
where the Notes are Fund Linked Notes relating to a single Fund, the Averaging Date 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). If the first succeeding 
Valid Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, 
would have been the final Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of 
whether such Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or price for that Averaging Date 
in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Valuation Date below; 
(ii) 
where the Notes are Fund Linked Notes relating to a Fund Basket, the Averaging Date 
for each Index not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the

--- Page 428 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
428 
 
 
originally designated Averaging Date (the Scheduled Averaging Date) and the 
Averaging Date for each Fund Share affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below) in relation to such Fund 
Share. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Fund Share has not 
occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for 
the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the 
final Averaging Date, then (A) that such Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the 
Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect of such Fund Share, and (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or amount for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Valuation 
Date below; and 
(iii) 
for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions Valid Date means a Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does 
not or is not deemed to occur. 
Basket Trigger Event means that a Substitution Event occurs in respect of one or more Funds 
comprising the Fund Basket which has or, in the event that a Substitution Event has occurred in respect 
of more than one Fund, together have, a Weighting in the Fund Basket equal to or greater than the 
Basket Trigger Level. 
Basket Trigger Level means the level specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if none is so 
specified, 50 per cent. 
Calculation Date means each day(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified, 
each day which is a Fund Business Day. 
Delta-1 Termination Amount means an amount determined in accordance with the provisions 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Disrupted Day means, in the case of an ETF, any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant 
Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on 
which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
Early Closure means, in the case of an ETF, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant 
Exchange(s) or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier 
closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at 
least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission 
deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the 
Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
ETF means any Fund specified as to be an Exchange Traded Fund in the applicable Final Terms, or 
if not so specified, any Fund which the Calculation Agent determines to be an Exchange Traded Fund. 
Exchange means, in the case of an ETF and in relation to a Fund Share, each exchange or quotation 
system specified as such for such Fund Share in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the 
Fund Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there 
is comparable liquidity relative to such Fund Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation 
system as on the original Exchange).

--- Page 429 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
429 
 
 
Exchange Business Day means in the case of an ETF, either (i) in the case of a single Fund Share, 
Exchange Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Fund Basket, Exchange 
Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis) or Exchange Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis), in each case 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the 
applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) shall apply. 
Exchange Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading 
session(s) notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its (their) 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) means, in respect of a Fund Share, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, in respect of 
such Fund Share are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), 
notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to its (their) 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis) means, in respect of a Fund Share, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange are open for trading 
during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or 
relevant Related Exchange closing prior to its (their) Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Disruption means, in the case of an ETF, any event (other than an Early Closure) that 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Fund Share on the Exchange or 
(ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts on or relating to 
the Fund Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
Final Calculation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fund means the Fund(s), or sub-Fund(s) or ETF(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fund Basket means a Basket comprising the Fund Shares (including, if applicable, Fund Shares in 
one or more ETFs) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fund Business Day has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms, or, if not so specified, 
(i) in respect of a Fund other than an ETF, a day which is (or but for the imposition of any suspension 
period or similar limitation, would have been) a day on which subscription and redemption orders in 
respect of the relevant Fund Shares are accepted by the Fund; (ii) in respect of an ETF, each Scheduled 
Trading Day; (iii) in respect of a Fund Basket not comprised of Fund Shares of ETFs, either Fund 
Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis) or Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final 
Terms, Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) shall apply; and (iv) in respect of a Fund Basket 
comprised of ETFs, a day which is a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of each Fund Share comprising 
the Fund Basket. 
Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis) means a day on which subscription and redemption 
orders in respect of each of the Fund Shares comprising the Fund Basket are accepted by the relevant 
Fund. 
Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) means, in respect of a Fund Share, a day on which 
subscription and redemption orders in respect of such Fund Share are accepted by the Fund.

--- Page 430 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
430 
 
 
Fund Documents means, with respect to any Fund Share, the constitutive and governing documents, 
subscription agreements and other agreements of the Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating 
to such Fund Shares as amended from time to time and available as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Fund Reporting Date means, in respect of the Fund Shares and a Calculation Date, the date on which 
the NAV per Fund Share is reported or published in respect of such Calculation Date. 
Fund Service Provider means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, for such Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, 
including any investment advisor or manager, fund adviser, fund administrator, operator, management 
company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and 
transfer agent, domiciliary agent and any other person specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fund Share(s) means an ownership interest issued to or held by an investor in a fund, pooled 
investment vehicle or any other interest specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Hedge Provider means the party (being, inter alia, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, an affiliate or 
any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes or where 
no such party actually hedges such obligations, a hypothetical investor, who shall be deemed to enter 
into transactions as if hedging such obligations. The Hedge Provider will hold or be deemed to hold 
such number of Fund Shares, or enter or be deemed to enter into any agreement to purchase or deliver, 
or pay an amount linked to the performance of, such number of Fund Shares as it (or in the case of a 
hypothetical investor, the Calculation Agent) considers would be held by a prudent issuer as a hedge 
for its exposure under the relevant Notes. 
Implied Embedded Option Value means an amount which may never be less than zero equal to the 
present value as at the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date of any future payments 
under the Notes determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion taking into 
account, without limitation, such factors as interest rates, the net proceeds achievable from the sale of 
any Fund Shares by the Hedge Provider, the volatility of the Fund Shares and transaction costs. 
Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date means the date determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be the first date on which it is possible to determine the Implied Embedded 
Option Value following the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event. 
Initial Calculation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
NAV Barrier means the level of NAV specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
NAV per Fund Share means, with respect to the relevant Fund Shares and the Fund Reporting Date 
relating to such Fund Shares, (i) the net asset value per Fund Share of such Fund Shares as of the 
relevant Calculation Date, as reported on such Fund Reporting Date by the Fund Service Provider that 
generally publishes or reports such value on behalf of the Fund to its investors or a publishing service, 
or (ii), if the Fund Service Provider of the Fund publishes or reports only the aggregate net asset value 
of the Fund Shares, the net asset value per Fund Share relating to such number of Fund Shares as of 
the relevant Calculation Date as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis of such aggregate 
net asset value of the Fund Shares divided by the relevant number of Fund Shares. 
NAV Trigger Event means, in respect of the Fund Shares, that (i) the NAV per Fund Share has 
decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, the NAV Trigger Percentage(s) at any time during 
the related NAV Trigger Period; or (ii) the Fund has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable 
to, or affecting, such Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgement of any court

--- Page 431 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
431 
 
 
or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the Fund Documents or any other 
contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or any of its assets. 
NAV Trigger Percentage means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so 
specified, 50 per cent. 
NAV Trigger Period means the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified 
the period from and including the Initial Calculation Date to and including the Final Calculation Date. 
Non-Principal Protected Termination Amount means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount determined by the sum of: 
(a) 
the Implied Embedded Option Value; and 
(b) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Simple Interest. 
Number of NAV Publication Days means the number of calendar days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, being the maximum number of days after the due date for publication or reporting of the 
NAV per Fund Share after which the Fund Service Provider or any entity fulfilling such role, 
howsoever described in the Fund Documents, or any other party acting on behalf of the Fund, may 
remedy any failure to publish or report the NAV per Fund Share before the Calculation Agent may 
determine that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred. 
Portfolio means the notional portfolio specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Principal Protected Termination Amount means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal 
to the Calculation Amount, an amount determined by the sum of: 
(a) 
the Protected Amount; 
(b) 
the Implied Embedded Option Value; and 
(c) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Simple Interest. 
Protected Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Related Exchange means, in the case of an ETF and in relation to a Fund Share, each exchange or 
quotation system specified as such for such Fund Share in the applicable Final Terms, any successor 
to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading 
in futures or options contracts relating to such Fund Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options 
contracts relating to such Fund Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as 
on the original Related Exchange), provided that where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related 
Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, Related Exchange shall mean each exchange or quotation 
system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall 
market for futures or options contracts relating to such Fund Share. 
Scheduled Trading Day means either (i) in the case of a single ETF and in relation to a Fund Share, 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Fund Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Fund Basket, Scheduled 
Trading Day (All Fund Shares Basis) or Scheduled Trading Day (Per Fund Share Basis), in each case 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the 
applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) shall apply.

--- Page 432 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
432 
 
 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Fund Share Basis) means any day on which each Exchange and each 
Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading 
session(s).  
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Fund Share Basis) means, in respect of a Fund Share, any day on 
which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange in respect of such Fund Share are 
scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s). 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Fund Share Basis) means any day on which the relevant Exchange 
and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular 
trading session(s). 
Settlement Price means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject as 
referred to in "Valuation Date" or "Averaging Date", as the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Fund Linked Notes relating to a Fund Basket comprised of Fund Shares in one 
or more ETFs and in respect of each Fund Share comprising the Fund Basket, an amount equal 
to the official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) quoted on 
the relevant Exchange for such Fund Share on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, an Averaging Date (or if in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official 
closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be so determined 
and the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing 
fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time on the 
Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the 
Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) for such Fund Share whose official closing price (or 
the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be determined based, at the 
Calculation Agent's discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle 
market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of such Fund Share or on such other factors as the 
Calculation Agent shall decide), multiplied by the relevant Weighting, such value to be 
converted, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the 
Exchange Rate, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in the case of Fund Linked Notes relating to a single ETF, an amount equal to the official 
closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, 
as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant 
Exchange for such Fund Share on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an 
Averaging Date (or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price 
(or the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be so determined and the 
Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair 
market buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation 
Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time 
on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the

--- Page 433 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
433 
 
 
applicable Final Terms) for the Fund Share based, at the Calculation Agent's discretion, either 
on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by 
two or more financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading 
of such Fund Share or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide), such 
amount to be converted, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, into the Settlement 
Currency at the Exchange Rate and such converted amount to be the Settlement Price, all as 
determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent; 
Simple Interest means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the amount of interest 
that would accrue on the Implied Embedded Option Value during the period from (and including) the 
Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date to (and including) the Final Calculation Date 
calculated on the basis that such interest were payable by the Floating Rate Payer under an interest 
rate swap transaction incorporating the ISDA Definitions (as defined in Condition 4.2 (Interest on 
variable interest Notes) under which: 
(a) 
the "Effective Date" is the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date; 
(b) 
the "Termination Date" is the Termination Date; 
(c) 
the "Floating Rate Payer Payment Date" is the Termination Date; 
(d) 
the "Floating Rate Option" is EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if the Settlement Currency is EUR) 
or USD-SOFR (if the Settlement Currency is USD); 
(e) 
the "Designated Maturity" is 3 months; 
(f) 
the "Simple Interest Spread" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified 
minus 0.125 per cent.; 
(g) 
the "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" is Actual/360; 
(h) 
the "Reset Date" is the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date and each date 
falling three calendar months after the previous Reset Date; and 
(i) 
if the Settlement Currency is USD, the "Compounding" is "Applicable", 
(j) 
if the Settlement Currency is EUR, the “Compounding” is “Inapplicable”, 
provided that if the final Compounding Period is less than 3 months "Linear Interpolation" applies. 
Termination Amount means an amount in the Specified Currency calculated as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or if not so specified (i) the Delta-1 Termination Amount; (ii) the Principal 
Protected Termination Amount or (iii) the Non-Principal Protected Termination Amount as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Termination Date means (i) the date specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) if Delayed 
Redemption on the Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Redemption Date. 
Trading Disruption means, in the case of an ETF and in relation to a Fund Share, any suspension of 
or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any 
Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to the Fund Share on the Exchange; or (ii) in futures or 
options contracts relating to the Fund Share on any relevant Related Exchange.

--- Page 434 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
434 
 
 
Valuation Date means, in the case of Fund Linked Notes relating to one or more ETF, the Coupon 
Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be, specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day 
is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
in the case of Fund Linked Notes relating to a single Fund Share of an ETF, the Valuation 
Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless 
each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price in the manner set out in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if not set out or if not practicable, determine the Settlement Price in accordance 
with its good faith estimate of the Settlement Price as of the Valuation Time on that the last 
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fund Linked Notes relating to a basket of Fund Shares of one or more ETFs, the 
Valuation Date for each Fund Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall 
be the Scheduled Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each Fund Share affected (each 
an Affected Item) by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each 
of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating 
to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price 
using, in relation to the Affected Item, the level or value as applicable, determined in the 
manner set out in the applicable Final Terms, and, in the case of a Fund Share, a price 
determined in the manner set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if not set out or if not 
practicable, using its good faith estimate of the value for the Affected Item as of the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day and otherwise in accordance with 
the above provisions; and 
Valuation Time in the case of an ETF and in relation to a Fund Share means either (i) the close of 
trading on the Exchange or (ii) as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Bond or ZC means a notional zero coupon bond with the following characteristics: (i) 
an issuer of similar creditworthiness and funding costs to the Issuer; (ii) an issue date scheduled to fall 
on the Initial Calculation Date; (iii) a maturity date scheduled to fall on the Final Calculation Date; 
(iv) a nominal amount of either USD1.00 or EUR 1.00 as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(v) a final redemption amount of either USD1.00 or EUR 1.00 as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Zero Coupon Curve means either (a) where the Specified Currency is EUR, a notional EUR reference 
curve calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion on the basis of such rates 
for deposits in EUR as it may determine to be appropriate at 11:00 a.m., Central European Time; or 
(b) where the Specified Currency is USD, a notional reference curve calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion on the basis of such rates for deposits in USD as it may 
determine to be appropriate at 11:00 a.m., London Time, in each case adjusted by the Calculation 
Agent, if applicable to take into account the rates then available for financial institutions with a credit 
rating for long term debt equal to that of the Issuer.

--- Page 435 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
435 
 
 
26. 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO BOND LINKED NOTES 
This Condition 26 applies to Bond Linked Notes only. The Technical Annex set out on pages 503 to 
536 of this Base Prospectus contains provisions relating to the formulae used to determine amounts 
payable under Bond Linked Notes. The applicable Final Terms must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 26 and with the Technical Annex for full information on any Bond Linked Notes. The 
applicable Final Terms will specify whether the principal is guaranteed at maturity or not and identify 
the relevant Bond(s), the relevant Bond Event(s), the Scheduled Maturity Date, and the relevant 
formula, all as determined in accordance with this Condition 26 and the Technical Annex. 
26.1 
Bond Linked Notes Provisions 
(a) 
Settlement Method – Cash Settlement 
(i) 
If a Bond Event has occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in the period 
from and including the First Bond Event Occurrence Date to and including the Last 
Bond Event Occurrence Date and a Bond Event Notice and, if specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information, are 
delivered during the Notice Delivery Period by or on behalf of the Issuer to the 
Noteholders, then (i) the Issuer will no longer be liable for the payment of the Final 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date or on the Maturity Date, as the 
case may be, and will, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations hereunder in 
respect of the redemption of each Note, pay or procure payment of the Cash 
Redemption Amount on the Cash Redemption Date (subject as specified in Condition 
26.1(a)(ii) below) and (ii) the Interest Period(s) and/or the Interest Calculation Amount 
shall be as specified in Condition 26.1(b) below. The Bond Notional Amount of each 
Bond in respect of which a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred and the Bond 
Final Value of each Bond in respect of which a Bond Event Determination Date has 
occurred, the Cash Redemption Amount and the Cash Redemption Date shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in the Bond Final Valuation Notice on the Bond Final 
Valuation Notice Receipt Date. 
(ii) 
In the case of Basket Bond Linked Notes, if an Unsettled Bond Event has occurred, 
instead of the payment of the Cash Redemption Amount at the Cash Redemption Date, 
a Preliminary Cash Redemption Amount will be payable on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date and a Residual Cash Redemption Amount will be payable on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Provisions relating to Interest 
Payment of Bond Linked Interest upon occurrence of a Bond Event 
If payment of Interest under the Notes is conditional upon the occurrence or the non-
occurrence of a Bond Event on a Bond(s) during the Reference Period, the applicable Final 
Terms will provide for the formula and/or conditions of such payment in accordance with the 
provisions of the Technical Annex. 
Interest Period means each period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date to (but 
excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; provided however that the first Interest Period 
begins on the Interest Commencement Date (inclusive) and the last Interest Period remains 
subject to the provisions of this Condition 26.1.

--- Page 436 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
436 
 
 
(i) 
Single Bond Linked Notes 
The Interest Payment Dates, if any, will be the dates specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to the provisions set out at paragraph (A) to (E) below: 
(A) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Bond Event" is stated as being "Accrued Interest upon Bond Event": 
The last Interest Period will be the period from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding the Bond Event Determination Date (or from and 
including the Interest Commencement Date in the case of a Bond Event 
Determination Date occurring before the first Interest Payment Date) to (but 
excluding) the Bond Event Determination Date, and the last Interest Payment Date 
will be the earlier of (i) the Interest Payment Date following the fourth Business Day 
falling after the Bond Event Determination Date and (ii) the Maturity Date. No 
interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and including) the Bond Event 
Determination Date to the Maturity Date. 
In the event the Maturity Date falls after the Scheduled Maturity Date, no interest 
will be payable from (and including) the Scheduled Maturity Date to the Maturity 
Date. 
(B) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Bond Event" is stated as being "No Accrued Interest upon Bond Event": 
The last Interest Period will be the Interest Period (if any) ending on the earlier of (i) 
the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Bond Event Determination 
Date and (ii) the Scheduled Maturity Date. No interest shall accrue nor be payable 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date preceding the Bond Event 
Determination Date (or the Interest Commencement Date in case of a Bond Event 
Determination Date occurring before the first Interest Payment Date) to the 
Maturity Date. 
In the event the Maturity Date falls after the Scheduled Maturity Date, no interest 
will be payable from (and including) the Scheduled Maturity Date to the Maturity 
Date. 
(C) 
If (i) the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Bond Event" is stated as being "Accrued Interest upon Bond Event" and 
(ii) there is only one Interest Period: 
The Interest Period will be the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Bond Event Determination Date, and 
the Interest Payment Date will be the Maturity Date. No interest shall accrue nor 
be payable from (and including) the Bond Event Determination Date to the Maturity 
Date. 
In the event the Maturity Date falls after the Scheduled Maturity Date, no interest 
will be payable from (and including) the Scheduled Maturity Date to the Maturity 
Date. 
(D) 
If (i) the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Bond Event" is stated as being " No Accrued Interest upon Bond 
Event" and (ii) there is only one Interest Period:

--- Page 437 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
437 
 
 
If a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred, no interest shall accrue nor be 
payable in respect of the Notes. 
(E) 
Only if the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Bond Event" is stated as being 
"Guaranteed Coupon": 
The last Interest Period will end on, (but exclude) the Scheduled Maturity Date 
and the interest shall accrue in respect of each Interest Period on the Specified 
Denomination of each Note. 
(ii) 
Basket Bond Linked Notes 
(i) The Interest Payment Dates, if any, will be the dates specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, and (ii) the last (or if there is only one, the only) Interest 
Period will end on (but exclude) the earlier of the Maturity Date and the Scheduled 
Maturity Date and the Interest Calculation Amount will be as specified below, subject 
to the provisions set out at paragraphs (A) to (E) below 
(A) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Bond Event" is stated as being "Accrued Interest upon Bond Event": 
In respect of each Interest Period, the Interest Calculation Amount will be 
calculated on the fourth Business Day preceding the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and be an amount equal to (i) the sum, for each day of such 
Interest Period, of the Daily Interest Calculation Amount, divided by (ii) the 
number of days in such Interest Period. 
(B) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Bond Event" is stated as being "No Accrued Interest upon Bond Event": 
In respect of each Interest Period, the Interest Calculation Amount will be 
an amount equal to the Daily Interest Calculation Amount as of the fourth 
Business Day preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
(C) 
If (i) the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Bond Event" is stated as being "Accrued Interest upon Bond Event" and 
(ii) there is only one Interest Period: 
The Interest Calculation Amount will be an amount, calculated on the fourth 
Business Day preceding the Interest Payment Date equal to (i) the sum, for 
each day of the Interest Period, of the Daily Interest Calculation Amount, 
divided by (ii) the number of days in the Interest Period. 
(D) 
If (i) the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Bond Event" is stated as being " No Accrued Interest upon Bond 
Event" and (ii) there is only one Interest Period: 
The Interest Calculation Amount will be an amount equal to the Daily 
Interest Calculation Amount as of the fourth Business Day preceding the 
Interest Payment Date. 
(E) 
Only if the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Bond Event" is stated as being 
"Guaranteed Coupon":

--- Page 438 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
438 
 
 
The last Interest Period will end on, (but exclude) the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. Interest in respect of each Interest Period will accrue on the basis of 
the Specified Denomination of each Note. 
(iii) 
Common Provisions to Single Bond Linked Notes and Basket Bond Linked Notes 
For the avoidance of doubt, should a Bond Event Determination Date occur within 
an Interest Period less than four Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and the Issuer’s payment instructions have already been given in 
respect of interest payable with respect to such Interest Period, then the Issuer may 
deduct from the Cash Redemption Amount, the amount of overpaid interest. 
(c) 
Partial Redemption and further issues 
Following any partial redemption of the Notes (pursuant to Condition 6) or any further 
issue (pursuant to Condition 12), each of the following amounts will be multiplied by the 
ratio of (i) the number of Notes outstanding after such partial redemption or further issue 
divided by (ii) the number of Notes outstanding just before such partial redemption or further 
issue: 
(i) 
for Single Bond Linked Notes, the Aggregate Nominal Amount; 
(ii) 
for Basket Bond Linked Notes, (i) the Aggregate Nominal Amount, (ii) the 
Reference Portfolio Notional Amount and (iii) the Aggregate Loss Amount; 
For the avoidance of doubt, any other amount calculation of which depends on the above 
amounts will be re-calculated accordingly. 
(d) 
Hedging Disruption - Increased Cost of Hedging - Change in Law - Merger of a Bond 
Issuer and the Issuer or any of its Affiliates – Consequences - Monetisation until the 
Maturity Date 
(i) 
Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging 
Hedging Disruption means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the Bond price risk, or any other relevant price risk including, but 
not limited to, the interest rate, equity and currency risk of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would 
incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade 
Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the Bond price risks (or any 
other relevant price risk including, without limitation, equity and credit price risk, 
foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, and any other price risks) of the Issuer issuing 
and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or 
remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such 
materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an 
Increased Cost of Hedging.

--- Page 439 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
439 
 
 
(ii) 
Change in Law 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or 
regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation 
of any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority, the 
Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it is unable to perform its 
obligations in respect of the Notes or it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose 
of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Notes. 
(iii) 
Merger of a Bond Issuer and the Issuer or any of its Affiliates 
Merger of a Bond Issuer and the Issuer or any of its Affiliates means, in respect 
of Single Bond Linked Notes or Basket Bond Linked Notes, that (i) the Issuer or 
any of its Affiliates consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers 
all or substantially all its assets to, a Bond Issuer or (ii) a Bond Issuer consolidates 
or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all its assets to 
the Issuer or any of its Affiliates, or (iii) the Issuer or any of its Affiliates and a Bond 
Issuer become Affiliates. 
(iv) 
Consequences 
Upon the occurrence of an Exceptional Event Date, the Issuer may decide to either: 
(A) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes 
(hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). In the case where an Early 
Redemption Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under 
the Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Redemption Amount 
on the basis of the Fair Market Value as defined in Condition 6.7; or 
(B) 
if the relevant Exceptional Event is related to one or several affected 
Bonds (the Affected Bond(s)), replace the Affected Bond(s) by a new bond 
(or new bonds, as relevant) which is (respectively are each) a Similar Bond; 
or 
(C) 
apply the Monetisation until the Maturity Date; 
Or, but only in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging:  
(D) 
deduct: 
I. 
from the Interest Amount (if any) due under the Notes on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) following the occurrence of the Increased Cost of 
Hedging, the amount of any new, or any increase of, any tax, duty, 
expense or fee, that triggered the occurrence of the Increased Cost 
of Hedging incurred by the Issuer or any of its Affiliates in relation 
to the Hedge Positions hedging the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst 
the outstanding Notes (the Reduction Amount); PROVIDED THAT 
if on an Interest Payment Date on which a Reduction Amount shall 
be deducted from the Interest Amount, the Reduction Amount in 
respect of each Note is greater than the Interest Amount due under 
each Note (prior to the deduction of the Reduction Amount) on such 
Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount will be reduced to zero

--- Page 440 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
440 
 
 
and the difference between the Reduction Amount and the Interest 
Amount (prior to the deduction of the Reduction Amount) will be 
deducted from the Interest Amount due on one or more of the 
following Interest Payment Date(s) (if any), and if a Reduction 
Amount has not been deducted in whole or in part on the last Interest 
Payment Date under the Notes, the remaining Reduction Amount 
will be deducted from the Optional Redemption Amount (if any), 
the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any), the Early 
Redemption Amount (if any) or the Final Redemption Amount, 
whichever comes first (the reduction of such deduction being floored 
at zero); or 
II. 
in the absence of any Interest Amount under the Notes, (a) from the 
Optional Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount (if any) or the Early Redemption Amount (if 
any), due under the Notes on the Optional Redemption Date (if any), 
the Automatic Early Redemption Date (if any) or the payment date of 
the Early Redemption Amount (if any), whichever comes first, and 
(b) in the absence of any Optional Redemption Amount, Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount and Early Redemption Amount in 
respect of the Notes, from the Final Redemption Amount due on the 
Maturity Date, in each case after the occurrence of the Increased 
Cost of Hedging, the Reduction Amount (the result of such deduction 
being floored at zero). 
Following the occurrence of an Exceptional Event Date, the Calculation Agent shall 
notify the Issuer, which shall in its turn notify the Noteholders pursuant to the 
provisions of Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French 
Law Notes, as the case may be, of the relevant adjustment made or decision taken by 
the Calculation Agent. Details of any adjustment made or decision taken may be 
obtained by the Noteholders upon request at the Calculation Agent’s specified address. 
(v) 
Monetisation until the Maturity Date 
The Issuer will no longer be liable for any payment, on the Maturity Date or any 
Interest Payment Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations 
pay an amount as described in Conditions 26.1(d)(v)(A) and 26.1(d)(v)(B) below: 
(A) 
In respect of the redemption of Notes whose Final Redemption Amount as 
defined in the applicable Final Terms could be as low as zero: 
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 26.1(d)(v) above, the Issuer 
will pay on the Maturity Date an amount per Note, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, with a minimum of zero, based on (a) the net positive 
cash amount that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates would be left with on 
the Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Hedge Positions (inter 
alia by meeting the obligations and liabilities of the Hedge Positions, if 
any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Hedge Positions) 
minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of this difference (a) minus (b) 
each converted if necessary in the Specified Currency using the Relevant 
Spot Exchange Rate on the Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount 
for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method together 
with (c) interest that would have accrued on such Calculation Amount 
pursuant to the Compounding Method, during the period (which for the

--- Page 441 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
441 
 
 
purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a 
Calculation Period) between (x) the Full Liquidation Date (included) and 
(y) the Maturity Date (excluded); for the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation 
proceeds of any assets held by the Issuer or any of its Affiliates as Hedge 
Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, 
if any, incurred by the Issuer or any of its Affiliates under its Hedge 
Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above may be as low as 
zero; or 
(B) 
In respect of the redemption of Notes whose Final Redemption Amount as 
defined in the applicable Final Terms cannot be in any case lower than an 
amount strictly positive (the Minimum Redemption Amount): 
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 26.1(d)(v) above, the Issuer 
will pay on the Maturity Date an amount per Note, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, equal to the sum of (a) the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and (b) an amount, equal to the positive difference, if any, between: 
I. 
the net positive cash amount that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates 
would be left with on the Full Liquidation Date, as a result of 
liquidating the Hedge Positions (inter alia by meeting the 
obligations and liabilities of the Hedge Positions, if any, with the 
liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Hedge Positions) minus (b) 
the Associated Costs (the result of this difference (a) minus (b), each 
converted if necessary in the Specified Currency using the 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Full Liquidation Date, is a 
Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision and of the 
Compounding Method) together with (c) interest that would have 
accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding 
Method, during the period (which for the purposes of this provision 
and of the Compounding Method shall be a Calculation Period) 
between (x) the Full Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the 
Maturity Date (excluded); and 
II. 
an amount equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount; for the 
avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by 
the Issuer or any of its Affiliates as Hedge Positions shall be deemed 
to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by 
the Issuer or any of its Affiliates under its Hedge Positions and the 
Calculation Amount mentioned above may be as low as zero. 
Definitions applicable to this Condition: 
Associated Costs means an amount determined by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion equal to the 
sum of (without duplication) all costs (including, without limitation, cost of funding), losses, 
expenses, tax and duties incurred by the Issuer or any of its Affiliates in connection with the 
termination, liquidation or re-establishment of the Hedge Positions, such amount to be apportioned 
pro rata the outstanding Notes; 
Compounding Method means, when interest is specified herein as accruing pursuant to the 
Compounding Method, that the amount of interest shall be equal to the sum of the Compounding 
Period Amounts for each Compounding Period in the related Calculation Period; 
where:

--- Page 442 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
442 
 
 
Adjusted Calculation Amount means (a) in respect of the first Compounding Period of a 
Calculation Period, the Calculation Amount for that Calculation Period and (b) in respect of any 
succeeding Compounding Period in that Calculation Period, an amount equal to the sum of the 
Calculation Amount for that Calculation Period and the Compounding Period Amounts for each 
of the previous Compounding Periods in that Calculation Period; 
Compounding Date means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each Business Day (being a Business 
Day in Paris) of such Calculation Period; 
Compounding Period means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each period from and including 
a Compounding Date to but excluding the immediately following Compounding Date during that 
Calculation Period; 
Compounding Period Amount means, in respect of a Compounding Period, the product of (a) 
the Adjusted Calculation Amount, (b) the Compounding Rate and (c) the Day Count Fraction; 
Compounding Rate means, in respect of a Compounding Period Amount, the interbank overnight 
rate in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent on the first day of the 
relevant Compounding Period; notwithstanding this, the Compounding Rates related to the last four 
Compounding Periods in the Calculation Period shall be that of the fifth Compounding Period before 
the Maturity Date; the specific Compounding Rate used in respect of a Specified Currency of the 
Notes shall be available at the office of the Calculation Agent for each Compounding Date; 
Day Count Fraction means, for the purposes of Compounding Method above, the exact number 
of days in a Compounding Period (the first included and the last excluded), divided by 360; 
Exceptional Event means, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith, the 
occurrence during the period from and including the Issue Date to and including the Last 
Exceptional Event Occurrence Date of one or more of Hedging Disruption, an Increased Cost of 
Hedging, a Change in Law, or a Merger of a Bond Issuer and the Issuer or any of its Affiliates; 
Exceptional Event Date means in respect of an Exceptional Event, the date, from and including 
the Issue Date to and including the Last Exceptional Event Occurrence Date, on which the 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that an Exceptional Event has occurred. An Exceptional 
Event Date may not occur after a Bond Event Determination Date; 
Full Liquidation Date means the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Hedge Positions 
(including inter alia by meeting the obligations and liabilities of such Hedge Positions, if any, or any 
part thereof, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Hedge Positions) are deemed, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Issuer or any of its Affiliates; 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by the Issuer or any of its 
Affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest 
rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) 
any cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities 
howsoever described in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis the part of the Issuer or 
any of its Affiliate’s obligations under the Notes; 
Last Exceptional Event Occurrence Date means the fourth (4
th
) Business Day immediately 
preceding the Maturity Date; and 
Similar Bond means a bond with an equivalent residual maturity, and (i) an equivalent Rating 
if available (as defined below) or (ii) an equivalent credit risk (if no Rating is available) and to the 
extent possible as secondary criteria, geographic and industry proximity.

--- Page 443 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
443 
 
 
For the purposes of this definition Rating means the senior unsecured debt rating assigned by the 
three rating agencies Moody’s France S.A.S., S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited or any of them, it being understood that if the ratings assigned in respect of an entity 
are not equivalent, only the highest one(s) will be taken into consideration. 
26.2 
Definitions 
Accrual of Interest upon Bond Event means "No Accrued Interest upon Bond Event" or 
"Accrued Interest upon Bond Event" or "Guaranteed Coupon" as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Accrued Interest upon Bond Event means, in respect of Bond Linked Notes, that the applicable 
Final Terms specify that the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Bond Event" is stated as being "Accrued 
Interest upon Bond Event". 
Affiliate means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, 
any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the person. For this purpose, control of any entity or person means ownership 
of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person concerned. 
Aggregate Loss Amount means, in respect of Basket Bond Linked Notes, the aggregate of the Loss 
Amounts in respect of the Bond(s) in respect of which a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred. 
Auction Period means the number of days as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each being 
a Quotation Day) immediately following and excluding the Third Quotation Day as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
Basket Bond Linked Note means a Bond Linked Note indexed on several Bonds for which 
the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Bond Linked Notes" is stated as being 
"Basket Bond Linked Notes". 
Bond means each Bond specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Bond Acceleration means, in respect of a Bond, a Bond has become due and payable before it would 
otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, 
event of default, early redemption or other similar condition or event (however described in the 
terms and conditions governing such Bond as of the First Bond Event Occurrence Date). 
Bond Change in Law Event means as of the First Bond Event Occurrence Date (i) the adoption of 
any change in any applicable law or regulation (including without limitation, any law or regulation 
in respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements) or (ii) the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or brought in a court of 
competent jurisdiction). 
Bond Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms being the currency 
in which the Bond is denominated. 
Bond Default means in respect of a Bond, a Bond has become capable of being declared due and 
payable before it would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the 
occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described in 
the terms and conditions governing such Bond as of the First Bond Event Occurrence Date), 
notwithstanding any grace period set forth in the terms and conditions governing such Bond.

--- Page 444 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
444 
 
 
Bond Early Redemption means in respect of a Bond (i) an early repayment at par of the Bond 
other than in accordance with its terms and conditions, (ii) an early redemption of the Bond for tax 
reasons in accordance with its terms and conditions or (iii) an early redemption of the Bond below 
par in accordance with its terms and conditions. 
Bond Event means in respect of a Bond, as determined by the Calculation Agent and described in 
the Bond Event Notice, the occurrence during the period from and including the First Bond Event 
Occurrence Date to and including the Last Bond Event Occurrence Date of one or more of 
Bond Acceleration, Bond Default, Bond Early Redemption, Bond Failure to Pay, Bond Governmental 
Intervention, Bond Issuer ISDA Event or Bond Restructuring, including if such Bond Event is the 
result of a Bond Change in Law Event, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Bond Event, such occurrence will constitute a Bond 
Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based 
upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of a Bond Issuer to enter into any Bond; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to 
any Bond; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation 
of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or 
similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other 
similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
A Bond Event need not be continuing on the Bond Event Determination Date. 
Bond Event Determination Date means, in respect of a Bond Event, the day during the Notice 
Delivery Period on which a Bond Event Notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System for the 
information of the Noteholders. 
Bond Event Notice means an irrevocable notice (including Succession Event Information, if any) that 
is effective during the Notice Delivery Period delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Noteholders 
that describes a Bond Event that occurred on or prior to the Last Bond Event Occurrence Date. A 
Bond Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Bond Event has occurred (subject to the description therein being limited by 
any confidentiality restrictions, applicable laws, rules or regulations binding on the Issuer and/or 
the Calculation Agent). The Bond Event that is the subject of a Bond Event Notice need not be 
continuing on the Bond Event Determination Date. If a Bond Event Notice contains Publicly 
Available Information, such Bond Event Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information. 
Bond Failure to Pay means, in respect of a Bond, the failure by a Bond Issuer to make, when 
and where due, any payment under a Bond, provided that such failure is not remedied on or before 
the third Business Day (included) immediately following the relevant scheduled payment date, 
notwithstanding any grace period set forth in the terms and conditions governing such Bond at the time 
of such failure. 
Bond Final Price means, in respect of a Bond, a quotation (expressed as a percentage of the Bond 
Notional Amount) obtained from Quotation Dealers in the manner provided below. The

--- Page 445 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
445 
 
 
Calculation Agent will determine, based on the then current market practice, whether such quotations 
will include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest and all quotations will be obtained in accordance 
with this determination. The Calculation Agent will determine from the Full Quotations, the 
Weighted Average Quotation, the Partial Weighted Average Quotation or the Residual Quotation 
Amount (each as defined below), the Bond Final Price. For the avoidance of doubt, the Bond Final 
Price, as determined by the Calculation Agent, is based on obtained Quotations, without any 
obligation by the Calculation Agent to actually realise any sale transaction in relation to such 
Quotations. 
The Calculation Agent will require each Quotation Dealer to provide quotations to the extent 
reasonably practicable on the relevant day at approximately 11.00 a.m. London time or 11.00 a.m. New 
York time or 11.00 a.m. in any other leading market where the liquidity of such Bond may be better, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, as the case may be. The Calculation Agent, may on the First 
Quotation Day and if applicable, on the Second Quotation Day, in its sole and absolute discretion but 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determine whether to request (i) at least one Full 
Quotation and/or (ii) several firm bid quotations from Quotation Dealers in order to establish a 
Weighted Average Quotation. 
To such end: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Agent obtains at least one Full Quotation and/or one Weighted Average 
Quotation on the First Quotation Day, the Bond Final Price will be the highest Quotation of 
the Full Quotation(s) or Weighted Average Quotation(s) obtained (if any) by the Calculation 
Agent; 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain at least one Full Quotation or to determine 
a Weighted Average Quotation on the First Quotation Day, the Calculation Agent will 
attempt to obtain at least one Full Quotation and/or one Weighted Average Quotation on 
the Second Quotation Day, and the Bond Final Price will be the highest Quotation of the 
Full Quotation(s) or Weighted Average Quotation(s) obtained (if any) by the Calculation 
Agent; 
(c) 
if the Calculation Agent obtains quotations for an aggregate amount lower than the Quotation 
Amount on the Second Quotation Day, then on the Third Quotation Day it will attempt to 
obtain several firm bid quotations from Quotation Dealers in order to establish a Partial 
Weighted Average Quotation in respect of an amount equal to the Residual Quotation 
Amount. If the Calculation Agent is unable to establish on the Third Quotation Day a Partial 
Weighted Average Quotation in respect of an amount equal to the Residual Quotation 
Amount, it will, until obtaining a Partial Weighted Average Quotation in respect of an 
amount equal to the Residual Quotation Amount, on each Quotation Day during the 
Auction Period, attempt to obtain several firm bid quotations from Quotation Dealers in order 
to establish a Partial Weighted Average Quotation in respect of an amount equal to the 
Residual Quotation Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, once a Partial Weighted Average 
Quotation is obtained on either the Third Quotation Day or on any Quotation Day in the 
Auction Period there will be no obligation on the Calculation Agent to seek a further Partial 
Weighted Average Quotation. The Bond Final Price will then be the weighted average of (i) 
the firm bid quotations obtained on the Second Quotation Day (if any) and (ii) the Partial 
Weighted Average Quotation (if any) for the portion equal to the Residual Quotation 
Amount and (iii) zero for any remaining amount for which no quotation was obtained. 
Bond Final Price Accrued Interest means, in respect of a Quotation: 
(a) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause " Bond Final Price Accrued Interest" 
is stated as being "Excluding Accrued Interest":

--- Page 446 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
446 
 
 
Taking into account whether Quotations obtained by the Calculation Agent include or exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest, the Bond Final Price will be determined by the Calculation Agent as 
being the equivalent price to the Bond Final Price otherwise calculated so that it is a ‘clean” price, 
excluding accrued but unpaid interest. 
(b) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause " Bond Final Price Accrued Interest" 
is stated as being "Including Accrued Interest": 
Taking into account whether Quotations obtained by the Calculation Agent include or exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest, the Bond Final Price will be determined by the Calculation Agent as 
being the equivalent price to the Bond Final Price otherwise calculated so that it is a "dirty" or "all 
in" price, including accrued but unpaid interest. 
Bond Final Valuation Notice means the notice delivered on the Bond Final Valuation Notice 
Receipt Date, specifying: 
(a) 
The Bond Notional Amount of each Bond in respect of which a Bond Event Determination 
Date has occurred and the Bond Final Value of each Bond in respect of which a Bond 
Event Determination Date has occurred each as of the Bond Final Value Determination Date; 
(b) 
the Cash Redemption Amount; and 
(c) 
the Cash Redemption Date. 
Bond Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date means the day (such day being expected to be no later 
than the 10th Business Day following the Bond Final Value Determination Date) on which the 
Calculation Agent delivers the Bond Final Valuation Notice on behalf of the Issuer to the 
relevant Clearing Systems, for the information of the Noteholders. 
Bond Final Value means, in respect of a Bond in respect of which a Bond Event has occurred, either: 
(a) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause " Bond Final Value" is stated as 
being "Fixed Recovery": 
The percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Bond Final Value" is stated as 
being "Floating Recovery": 
The percentage determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a) 
the Bond Final Price; 
(b) 
plus, if any, any partial or total repayment in cash of the Bond which would have been paid 
to the holders of the Bond under the Bond as of the Bond Final Value Determination Date 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage of the Bond Notional 
Amount; 
(c) 
plus, if any, the price (expressed as a percentage of the Bond Notional Amount), calculated 
using a method similar to that used to determine the Bond Final Price, of any securities 
which would have been delivered to the holders of the Bond under the Bond as of the Bond 
Final Value Determination Date as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(d) 
minus the Valuation Hedging Cost;

--- Page 447 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
447 
 
 
(e) 
minus any amount due and payable under the Bond in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Bond as in force and effect as of the Issue Date (expressed as a percentage 
of the Bond Notional Amount) which is still unpaid at the Bond Final Value Determination 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The Bond Final Value is subject to a minimum of zero per cent and to a maximum of 100 per 
cent unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Bond Final Value Determination Date means: 
(a) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Bond Final Value" is stated as being 
"Fixed Recovery": 
The date on which the Bond Event Notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System for the 
information of the Noteholders. 
(b) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Bond Final Value" is stated as being 
"Floating Recovery": 
The date on which the Bond Final Price is calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
Bond Governmental Intervention means, with respect to one or more Bonds and in relation to 
an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, that any one or more of the 
following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made, by a Governmental 
Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other 
similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the Bond Issuer in a form which is binding, 
irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of the Bond: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors’ rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or 
accrual of interest or (ii) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any obligation under the Bond, 
causing the Subordination of such obligation to any other obligation of the Bond 
Issuer; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of 
the Bond; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(d) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) 
of this definition. 
Bond Issuer ISDA Event means that there is a public announcement by ISDA of the occurrence of 
a Credit Event (as defined in Condition 26.3) in relation to the Bond Issuer.

--- Page 448 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
448 
 
 
Bond Issuer means, in respect of Single Bond Linked Notes, the Bond Issuer (or its Successor) or, 
in respect of Basket Bond Linked Notes, each Bond Issuer (or its Successor) comprised in the 
Reference Portfolio, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Bond Linked Note means a Note in respect of which (i) the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the clause "Bond Linked Notes Provisions" is stated as being "Applicable" and (ii) these Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Notes apply. 
Bond Notional Amount means (a) in respect of Single Bond Linked Notes, on the Issue Date 
the amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms and thereafter as such amount is adjusted pro 
rata the outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes or (b) in respect of Basket Bond Linked 
Notes, on the Issue Date, in respect of each Bond, the amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(being in respect of each Bond the product of the Bond Weighting and the Reference Portfolio 
Notional Amount) and thereafter as such amount is adjusted pro rata the outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Notes. 
Bond Restructuring means that: 
(a) 
with respect to each Bond, any one or more of the following events occurs in a form that 
binds any holders of such Bond, and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms 
of such Bond in effect as of the later of the First Bond Event Occurrence Date and the date as 
of which such Bond is issued or incurred: 
(i) 
any amount to be received by any holder of the Bond under the Bond would be 
reduced or paid in or exchanged into another form due to any Bond Change in Law 
Event ; 
(ii) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals initially provided for; 
(iii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at maturity or at scheduled 
redemption dates initially provided for; 
(iv) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or 
accrual of interest or (B) the payment of principal or premium; 
(v) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any obligation under the Bond, 
causing the Subordination of such obligation to any other obligation of the Bond 
Issuer; or 
(vi) 
any change in the currency or composition of any payment of interest or principal 
to any other currency. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of (a) above, the following will not constitute a Bond 
Restructuring: the payment in euro of interest or principal in relation to a Bond denominated 
in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended by the Treaty on European Union. 
Bond Weighting means the proportion specified as such for each Bond in the applicable Final Terms. 
Breakage Cost Amount means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed in 
the Specified Currency of the Notes using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the relevant 
calculation date(s), as determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to the fees, costs and expenses

--- Page 449 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
449 
 
 
arising directly or indirectly, in connection with (i) terminating, unwinding, realizing or enforcing 
any repurchase transaction (if any) with the Bond as underlying asset, the purpose of which is to 
refinance the relevant Bond and (ii) entering into, trading or increasing any repurchase transaction 
(or any transaction with similar purposes) with the Collateral Assets as underlying asset, the purpose 
of which is to refinance the Collateral Assets. For the avoidance of doubt, the Breakage Cost Amount 
may be a positive amount (if to be received by the Issuer or any of its Affiliates) or a negative amount 
(if to be paid by the Issuer or any of its Affiliates). 
Business Days means the days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Calculation Agent means the Issuer. The calculations and determinations of the Calculation Agent 
will be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer and the Noteholders in the absence of manifest error. 
Cash Redemption Amount means the maximum of zero and: 
(a) 
In respect of Single Bond Linked Notes, an amount equal for each Note to the sum of (i) 
the product of the Bond Final Value and the Specified Denomination of each Note expressed 
in the Specified Currency of the Notes using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Bond 
Final Value Determination Date and (ii) the product of the Relevant Proportion and the 
Breakage Cost Amount of the Bond (in the case of (ii) which may be a negative amount) if 
this option is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms or zero if this option is 
specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
In respect of Basket Bond Linked Notes, an amount equal for each Note to the sum of (i) 
the product of the Relevant Proportion and the difference between the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount and the Aggregate Loss Amount as at the Maturity Date and (ii) the product of the 
Relevant Proportion and the Breakage Cost Amount of the Bond if this option is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Final Terms or zero if this option is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Cash Redemption Date means a date that is a Payment Business Day: 
The later of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (b) the day that is four Payment Business 
Days following the Bond Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, or in the case of Basket 
Bond Linked Notes, following the last Bond Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date. 
Daily Interest Calculation Amount means, in respect of any day during an Interest Period: 
(a) 
If the Notes are Basket Bond Linked Notes and if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the clause "Interest Recovery Rate" is stated as being "Fixed Interest Recovery": 
The sum of (a) the product of (i) the Interest Recovery Rate and (ii) the sum of the Bond 
Notional Amounts of all the Bonds in respect of which a Bond Event Determination Date 
has occurred on or prior to such day and (b) the sum of the Bond Notional Amounts of all the 
Bonds in respect of which no Bond Event Determination Date has occurred on or prior to such 
day. 
(b) 
If the Notes are Basket Bond Linked Notes and if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the clause "Interest Recovery Rate" is stated as being "Floating Interest Recovery": 
An amount equal to the Aggregate Nominal Amount minus the Aggregate Loss Amount, 
provided that any Loss Amount that has not been determined on or before such day, shall be 
deemed to be equal to the relevant Bond Notional Amount. The difference between the 
interest that would have been payable if the Loss Amount had been determined on such date

--- Page 450 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
450 
 
 
and the interest actually paid shall be payable following the determination of such Loss 
Amount and paid either on the first Interest Payment Date after the fourth Business Day 
following the Bond Final Value Determination Date, or if, such determination occurs after 
the last Interest Payment Date, on the fourth Business Day following the Bond Final Value 
Determination Date. 
Default Requirement means USD 10,000,000 or the amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, in each case, the equivalent in the Bond Currency, at the date of the occurrence of the 
relevant Bond Event). 
Excluding Accrued Interest means that the Bond Final Price Accrued Interest will be calculated 
according to paragraph (a) of the definition of Bond Final Price Accrued Interest. 
Extension Date means the fourth Business Day following the Last Bond Event Occurrence Date. 
First Bond Event Occurrence Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
First Quotation Day means the first day the Calculation Agent attempts to obtain Full Quotations 
(such day falling no later than 20 Business Days or the number of Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms after the Bond Event Determination Date). 
Fixed Recovery means, in respect of Bond Linked Notes, that the applicable Final Terms specify 
that the clause "Bond Final Value" is stated as being "Fixed Recovery: [] per cent.". 
Floating Recovery means, in respect of Bond Linked Notes, that the applicable Final Terms specify 
that the clause "Bond Final Value" is stated as being "Floating Recovery". 
Full Quotation means each firm bid quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer for an amount equal 
to the Quotation Amount. 
Governmental Authority means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department 
thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or 
supranational body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority 
or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central 
bank) of the Bond Issuer or some or all of its obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) 
above. 
Guaranteed Coupon means in respect of Bond Linked Notes that the Accrual of Interest upon 
Bond Event in the applicable Final Terms is specified as "Guaranteed Coupon". 
Including Accrued Interest means that the Bond Final Price Accrued Interest will be calculated 
according to paragraph (b) of the definition of Bond Final Price Accrued Interest. 
Interest Calculation Amount means in respect of Basket Bond Linked Notes, the amount for 
the purposes of calculating the interest payable under the Notes on any Interest Payment Date

--- Page 451 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
451 
 
 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of these Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Bond Linked Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the interest amount payable under the Notes shall be equal to the Relevant 
Proportion of the product of (a) the Rate of Interest, (b) the Interest Calculation Amount and (c) 
the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
Interest Recovery Rate means, in respect of Basket Bond Linked Notes, zero per cent. or the 
percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Last Bond Event Occurrence Date means the fourth (4th) Business Day immediately preceding 
the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Loss Amount means in respect of Basket Bond Linked Notes, in respect of a Bond in respect of 
which a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred, an amount in the Specified Currency equal 
to the product of (i) the Bond Notional Amount and (ii) the difference between the Reference Price in 
respect of each Bond, and the Bond Final Value, subject to a minimum of zero. 
Maturity Date means a day that is a Payment Business Day: 
(a) 
In respect of both Single Bond Linked Notes and Basket Bond Linked Notes, the later of the 
dates set out in paragraphs (i) and (ii) below  
(i) 
the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Maturity 
Date); or 
(ii) 
the Cash Redemption Date if a Bond Event Notice is delivered during the Notice 
Delivery Period. 
(b) 
PROVIDED THAT, with respect to Basket Bond Linked Notes in relation to which an 
Unsettled Bond Event exists, a Preliminary Cash Redemption Amount will be paid on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date in relation to the portion of the Specified Denomination of Notes 
not affected by the Unsettled Bond Event and, 
(i) 
if the Retained Amount is equal to zero, the Maturity Date will be the Scheduled 
Maturity Date; or 
(ii) 
in all other cases, the Maturity Date will be the later of the dates set out in paragraphs 
(a)(i) and (a)(ii) above. 
No Accrued Interest upon Bond Event means, in respect of Bond Linked Notes, that the applicable 
Final Terms specify that the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Bond Event" is stated as being 
"No Accrued Interest upon Bond Event". 
Notice Delivery Period means the period from and including the Issue Date to and including 
the Extension Date. 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means, in relation to a Bond Event Notice, an 
irrevocable notice delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer that cites Publicly Available Information 
confirming the occurrence of the Bond Event, described in the Bond Event Notice. The notice 
given must contain a copy, or a description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available 
Information. If a Bond Event Notice contains Publicly Available Information, such Bond Event 
Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information.

--- Page 452 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
452 
 
 
Partial Weighted Average Quotation means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in respect of 
the Third Quotation Day and, if relevant, the Auction Period, the weighted average of the firm bid 
quotation(s) requested by the Calculation Agent for the Residual Quotation Amount and obtained 
from the Quotation Dealers on the Third Quotation Day and, if relevant, during the Auction Period, 
to the extent reasonably practicable, each for an amount as large a size as available, that in aggregate 
are equal to or greater than the Residual Quotation Amount. PROVIDED THAT if the aggregate 
of such quotations is greater than the Residual Quotation Amount, the Calculation Agent shall reduce 
pro rata the notional amount of each firm bid quotation so that the aggregate of the firm bid 
quotations shall be equal to the Residual Quotation Amount. 
Preliminary Cash Redemption Amount means, with respect to Basket Bond Linked Notes in 
relation to which an Unsettled Bond Event has occurred, an amount payable on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date calculated for each Note as an amount equal to the Relevant Proportion of the 
difference between (a) the Aggregate Nominal Amount minus the Aggregate Loss Amount 
immediately prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and (b) the Retained Amount. 
Publicly Available Information means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant 
to the determination that the Bond Event as applicable, described in the Bond Event Notice, has 
occurred and which: 
(a) 
has been published in or on not less than 2 (two) Public Sources, regardless of whether the 
reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information; provided that if the Calculation 
Agent or any of its Affiliates is cited as the sole source of such information, then such 
information shall not be deemed to be a Publicly Available Information unless the 
Calculation Agent or its Affiliate is acting in its capacity as trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for a Bond; or 
(b) 
is information received from or published by: 
(i) 
a Bond Issuer (or a Governmental Authority for a Bond Issuer which is a Sovereign); 
or 
(ii) 
a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility 
agent or agent bank for a Bond, or 
(c) 
is information contained in any petition or filing instituting a proceeding against or by the 
Bond Issuer seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or presented for 
its winding-up or liquidation, where any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented 
against the Bond Issuer (a) results in a judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of 
an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (b) is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty calendar days of the 
institution or presentation thereof; or 
(d) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice or filing, however described, of or filed 
with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, regulatory or 
judicial body; or 
(e) 
is information contained in a public announcement by ISDA. 
In the event that the Calculation Agent is (i) the sole source of information in its capacity as 
trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for 
the Bond with respect to which a Bond Event has occurred and (ii) a holder of such Bond, the 
Calculation Agent shall be required to deliver a certificate signed by a managing director (or other

--- Page 453 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
453 
 
 
substantively equivalent title) of the Calculation Agent, which shall certify the occurrence of a Bond 
Event with respect to such Bond. 
In relation to any information of the type described in (b), (c) and (d) of the definition of Publicly 
Available Information, the party receiving such information may assume that such information has 
been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding 
the confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering such information has not taken 
any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with the Bond Issuer or any Affiliate of 
the Bond Issuer that would be breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such information 
to the party receiving such information. 
Publicly Available Information need not state that such occurrence (a) is the result of exceeding 
any applicable grace period, or (b) has met any subjective criteria specified in a Bond Event. 
Public Source means each source of Publicly Available Information specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if no source is specified each of Bloomberg Service, Dow Jones Telerate Service, 
Reuter Monitor Money Rates Services, Dow Jones News Wire, Wall Street Journal, New York 
Times, Nihon Keizai Shinbun, Asahi Shinbun, Yomiuri Shinbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, 
Les Echos and The Australian Financial Review (and successor publications), as well as the main 
source(s) of business news in the country in which the Bond Issuer is organised and any other 
internationally recognised published or electronically displayed news sources). 
Quotations means a Full Quotation, a Weighted Average Quotation or a Partial Weighted Average 
Quotation, as the case may be. 
Quotation Amount means an amount equal to the Bond Notional Amount, in respect of Single 
Bond Linked Notes (for the avoidance of doubt, in accordance with the provisions of the Weighted 
Average Quotation, such Quotation Amount may be, at the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, greater than the Bond Notional Amount); otherwise 
(in respect of Basket Bond Linked Notes), the Quotation Amount shall be a weighted amount in 
respect of each Bond, the sum of all such Quotation Amounts being equal to the Bond Notional 
Amount (for the avoidance of doubt, in accordance with the provisions of the Weighted Average 
Quotation, such Quotation Amount may be, at the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent acting 
in a commercially reasonable manner, greater than the Bond Notional Amount). 
Quotation Dealers means at least three leading dealers in bonds of the type of the Bond for which 
Quotations are to be obtained, which may include the Issuer, as selected by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole discretion acting in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Reference Portfolio means, in respect of Basket Bond Linked Notes, a portfolio comprising all 
the Bonds. 
Reference Portfolio Notional Amount means the amount of the Reference Portfolio specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Period means the period from and including the Issue Date until and including the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or such other period as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Price means, in respect of Basket Bond Linked Notes, 100% or the percentage specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Proportion means the proportion which one Note bears to the total number of Notes 
outstanding.

--- Page 454 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
454 
 
 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate means in respect of a date and an amount to be converted into the 
Specified Currency of the Notes, the rate of exchange of the currency in which such amount is 
denominated into the Specified Currency of the Notes as determined by the Calculation Agent, used 
to convert such amount on such date into the Specified Currency of the Notes. 
Residual Cash Redemption Amount means, in relation to Basket Bond Linked Notes with respect 
to which one or more Unsettled Bond Event(s) has(ve) occurred, an amount payable on the Maturity 
Date representing the difference between the Cash Redemption Amount and the Preliminary Cash 
Redemption Amount. 
Residual Quotation Amount means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, an amount equal to 
the difference between the Quotation Amount (such Quotation Amount being subject for the purposes 
of this definition to a deemed cap of the Bond Notional Amount) and the aggregate amount of the 
firm bid quotations obtained on the Second Quotation Day. 
Retained Amount means, in relation to Basket Bond Linked Notes in respect of which one or 
more Unsettled Bond Event(s) has(ve) occurred, the lower of: 
(a) 
the difference between the Aggregate Nominal Amount and the Aggregate Loss Amount 
immediately prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date; and 
(b) 
the aggregate of the Loss Amounts for all the Unsettled Bond Events (assuming a Bond Final 
Value of zero in respect of each Unsettled Bond Event). 
Second Quotation Day means the Business Day following the First Quotation Day. 
Single Bond Linked Note means a Bond Linked Note indexed on one Bond for which the applicable 
Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Bond Linked Notes" is stated as being "Single Bond 
Linked Notes". 
Sovereign means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) 
thereof. 
Subordination means, with respect to a Bond (the Subordinated Obligation) and another obligation 
of the Bond Issuer to which such Bond is being compared (the Senior Obligation), a contractual, 
trust or similar arrangement providing that (i) upon the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or 
winding up of the Bond Issuer, claims of the holders of the Senior Obligation are required to be 
satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Subordinated Obligation or (ii) the holders of the 
Subordinated Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain payments in respect of their claims 
against the Bond Issuer at any time that the Bond Issuer is in payment arrears or is otherwise in 
default under the Senior Obligation. Subordinated will be construed accordingly. For purposes of 
determining whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to 
another obligation to which it is being compared (x) the existence of preferred creditors arising by 
operation of law or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security arrangements 
shall not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by 
operation of law shall be taken into account where the Bond Issuer is a Sovereign and (y) the ranking 
in priority of payment shall be determined as of the date as of which the Bond was issued and shall 
not reflect any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date. 
succeed means, for the purposes of determining a Successor, with respect to a Bond Issuer and its 
related obligations with respect to a Bond, that a party other than such Bond Issuer assumes or 
becomes liable for such obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement and

--- Page 455 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
455 
 
 
such Bond Issuer is no longer an obligor (primarily or secondarily) or guarantor with respect to such 
obligations. 
Succession Event means 
(a) 
with respect to a Bond Issuer that is not a Sovereign, an event such as a merger, 
consolidation, amalgamation, transfer of assets or liabilities, demerger, spin-off or other 
similar event in which one entity succeeds to the obligations of another entity, whether by 
operation of law or pursuant to any agreement; or 
(b) 
with respect to a Bond Issuer that is a Sovereign, an event such as annexation, unification, 
secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other event that results in 
any direct or indirect successor(s) to such Bond Issuer. 
Succession Event Information means information about the occurrence of a Succession Event that 
occurred on or after the issue date of the Bond with a description in reasonable detail of the facts 
relevant to the determination of (a) the Succession Event or the change of name of the Bond Issuer 
that has occurred and (b) the identity of any Successor or, as applicable, the name of the Bond Issuer. 
Such Succession Event Information may be requested at any time by the Noteholders at the office 
of the Calculation Agent, and will be notified as part of a Bond Event Notice (if any) by or on 
behalf of the Issuer to the Noteholders. 
Successor means with respect to a Bond, the entity who succeeds to the obligations of the Bond Issuer 
as determined by the Calculation Agent as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of 
the relevant Succession Event on the basis of Publicly Available Information. 
With respect to a Sovereign Bond Issuer, Successor means each entity which becomes a direct or 
indirect successor to such Bond Issuer by way of a Succession Event, irrespective of whether any 
such successor assumes any of the obligations of such Bond Issuer. 
Third Quotation Day means the Business Day following the Second Quotation Day. 
Unsettled Bond Event means:  
(a) 
in respect of Single Bond Linked Notes, that a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred 
prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date but the corresponding Bond Final Valuation Notice 
Receipt Date has not occurred on or immediately prior to the fourth Business Day 
preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of Basket Bond Linked Notes, the occurrence of an Unsettled Bond Event shall 
give rise to the payment of the Preliminary Cash Redemption Amount on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date and of the Residual Cash Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date. 
Valuation Hedging Cost means, in relation to a Bond, the direct and duly documented cost (expressed 
in the Specified Currency of the Notes using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the relevant 
calculation date(s) as determined by the Calculation Agent), if any, borne by the Issuer, the Issuer's 
hedging counterparty, the Calculation Agent or an agent on their behalf in relation to the 
determination of the Bond Final Price, expressed as a percentage of the Bond Notional Amount. 
Weighted Average Quotation means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the weighted average 
of firm bid quotations obtained from the Quotation Dealers, to the extent reasonably practicable, 
each for an amount as large a size as available, that in aggregate are equal to or greater than the 
Quotation Amount. PROVIDED THAT if the aggregate of such quotations is greater than the

--- Page 456 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
456 
 
 
Quotation Amount, the Calculation Agent shall reduce pro rata the notional amount of each firm 
bid quotation so that the aggregate of the firm bid quotations shall be equal to the Quotation Amount. 
26.3 
Definitions in relation to the Bond Issuer ISDA Event 
Affiliate means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, 
any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the person. For this purpose, control of any entity or person means ownership 
of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person concerned. 
Bankruptcy means a Bond Issuer: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as 
they become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of 
its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition 
becomes effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgement of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding up or liquidation, and, 
in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of 
an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding up or liquidation or (ii) is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty calendar days of the 
institution or presentation thereof; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially 
all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any 
such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty 
calendar days thereafter; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to (g) 
(inclusive) of this definition of Bankruptcy. 
Bond means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money category that is in the form 
of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated debt 
security or other debt security and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
Bond Issuer has the meaning given to it in Condition 26.2.

--- Page 457 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
457 
 
 
Borrowed Money means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit 
arrangement for which there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the 
payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, without limitation, deposits and 
reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit). 
Buyer means the party specified as such in the related Confirmation. 
Confirmation means, with respect to a Credit Derivative Transaction, one or more documents and 
other confirming evidence exchanged between the parties or otherwise effective, which taken together, 
confirm or evidence all of the terms of that Credit Derivative Transaction. 
Credit Derivatives Transaction means any transaction that is identified in the related Confirmation 
as a Credit Derivative Transaction or any transaction that incorporates the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions. 
Credit Event means, with respect to a Credit Derivative Transaction, one or more of Bankruptcy, 
Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring 
or Governmental Intervention as specified in the related Confirmation. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a 
Credit Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a 
defence based upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Bond Issuer to enter into any 
Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to 
any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation 
of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or 
similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other 
similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee means each committee established by ISDA 
pursuant to the DC Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions (including, but not 
limited to, the determination of the occurrence of a Credit Event) in connection with "Credit 
Derivative Transactions" as more fully described in the DC Rules. 
DC Resolution has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
DC Rules means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published by ISDA on 
its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended 
from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
DC Secretary has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
Default Requirement means USD 10,000,000 or the amount specified as such in the Confirmation 
for the applicable Credit Derivatives Transaction (or in each case its equivalent in the Obligation 
Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event).

--- Page 458 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
458 
 
 
Definitions means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
Deliver means to deliver, novate, transfer (including in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit 
of the Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in order to convey all right, title and interest to 
the Seller as more fully described in the Definitions. Delivery and Delivered will be construed 
accordingly. 
Downstream Affiliate means an entity, whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of issuance 
of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the Bond Issuer. 
Failure to Pay means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of 
any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the Bond 
Issuer to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such 
Obligations at the time of such failure. 
Fixed Cap means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of 
the Bond Issuer in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided 
that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with one or more 
variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant 
to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs). 
Governmental Authority means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department 
thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or 
supranational body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority 
or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central 
bank) of the Bond Issuer or some or all of its obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (a) to 
(c) above. 
Governmental Intervention means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to 
an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following 
events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made, by a Governmental Authority 
pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law 
or regulation), in each case, applicable to the Bond Issuer in a form which is binding, irrespective of 
whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors’ rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or 
accrual of interest or (ii) the payment of principal or premium; or

--- Page 459 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
459 
 
 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of 
the Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(d) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to 
(c) of this definition. 
For purposes of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations 
for which the Bond Issuer is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
Grace Period means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the applicable grace period with respect to payments 
under and in accordance with the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the date as of which 
such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in the related Confirmation, a Potential 
Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date and the applicable 
grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date, 
the Grace Period will be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the period specified 
as such in the related Confirmation, or if no period is specified, thirty calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect 
to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace Period 
Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three 
Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided that; 
unless Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in the related Confirmation, such 
deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled Termination Date. 
Grace Period Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose 
in the relevant Obligation and if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the Obligation Currency 
is the euro, a T2 Settlement Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal financial city in the 
jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
Grace Period Extension Date means, if (a) Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in 
the related Confirmation and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled 
Termination Date, the date that is the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such 
Potential Failure to Pay. If Grace Period Extension is not specified as applicable in the related 
Confirmation, Grace Period Extension shall not apply to the relevant Credit Derivative Transaction. 
Guarantee means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
Loan means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money category that is documented 
by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement and shall not 
include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
Multiple Holder Obligation means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the event which constitutes 
a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other

--- Page 460 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
460 
 
 
and (ii) with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the 
Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six-and two-thirds is required 
to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event provided that any Obligation 
that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement in this subparagraph (ii) of this definition 
of Multiple Holder Obligation. 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means an irrevocable notice from the Notifying Party to 
the other party that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit 
Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a description 
in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If "Notice of Publicly Available 
Information" is applicable to a Credit Derivative Transaction and the Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, as applicable, contains Publicly Available Information, 
such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a 
Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
Notifying Party means "Buyer or Seller" unless otherwise specified in the related Confirmation. 
Obligation means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) of the Bond 
Issuer (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) for the payment or repayment of 
money (including, without limitation, Borrowed Money), including for the avoidance of doubt, the 
Reference Obligation. 
Obligation Acceleration means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due 
and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other 
similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in 
respect of the Bond Issuer under one or more Obligations. 
Obligation Currency means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated. 
Obligation Default means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise 
have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of 
default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any 
required payment, in respect of the Bond Issuer under one or more Obligations. 
Payment Requirement means USD 1,000,000 or the amount specified as such in the Confirmation 
for the applicable Credit Derivatives Transaction (or in each case, its equivalent in the Obligation 
Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable). 
Permitted Transfer means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption 
by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution 
of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances where there is also 
a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the Bond Issuer to the same single transferee. 
Potential Failure to Pay means the failure by the Bond Issuer to make, when and where due, any 
payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, without 
regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period 
applicable to such Obligations. 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of an event described in paragraph (i)(a) 
of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium.

--- Page 461 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
461 
 
 
Qualifying Guarantee means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include 
a statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Bond Issuer irrevocably agrees, undertakes, or is 
otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not 
covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the 
Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection 
(or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant 
governing law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit 
(or legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Bond Issuer 
can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case other than: 
(i) 
by payment; 
(ii) 
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
(iii) 
by operation of law; 
(iv) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(v) 
due to: 
(A) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the related 
Confirmation; or 
(B) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" is specified as applicable in the related Confirmation. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the Bond Issuer 
and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant determination, 
in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to or following the 
occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) an 
event of the type described in the definition of Bankruptcy in respect of the Bond Issuer or the 
Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is 
permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
(a) 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery 
of the Underlying Obligation; and 
(b) 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed 
Cap must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of such guarantee. 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Bond Issuer in 
respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Bond Issuer.

--- Page 462 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
462 
 
 
Reference Obligation means each obligation specified as such or of a type described in the related 
Confirmation. 
Relevant Guarantee means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified 
as applicable in the related Confirmation, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of both of the following events: (i) an authorised 
officer of the Bond Issuer or a Governmental Authority (a) disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, 
in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of 
not less than the Default Requirement or (b) declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll 
over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Default Requirement and (ii) a Failure to Pay, determined without 
regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, determined without regard to the Default 
Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs 
on or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Termination Date, (i) if the 
Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is 
the later of (A) the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and 
(B) the first payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in respect of 
such payment date) and (ii) if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates 
do not include Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium; provided that, in either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date 
shall occur no later than the Scheduled Termination Date unless the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Condition is satisfied. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition means a condition that is satisfied: 
(a) 
if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and 
effectively received on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium for purposes of the relevant Credit Derivatives Transaction has 
occurred with respect to an Obligation of the Bond Issuer and that such event occurred on 
or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date, or 
(b) 
otherwise, by the delivery by the Notifying Party to the other party of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and unless Notice of Publicly Available 
Information is specified as "Not Applicable" in the related Confirmation, a Notice of 
Publicly Available Information that are each effective on or prior to the date that is fourteen 
calendar days after the Scheduled Termination Date. 
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been 
satisfied, or not capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly 
announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either 
(i) an event does not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium for purposes of the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Transaction with respect to an Obligation of the Bond Issuer or (ii) an event that 
constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium for purposes of the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Transaction has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the Bond Issuer but that such event 
occurred after the Scheduled Termination Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice means an irrevocable notice from the Notifying Party 
to the other party that describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to

--- Page 463 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
463 
 
 
the Scheduled Termination Date. A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a 
description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the date of the occurrence. The Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need 
not be continuing on the date the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
Resolve has the meaning given to it in the DC Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Restructuring means that: 
(a) 
with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a form that binds 
all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the Bond Issuer or a Governmental 
Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to bind all holders of the 
Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the Bond Issuer or a Governmental 
Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation (including, in each case, in 
respect of Bonds only, by way of an exchange) and such event is not expressly provided 
for under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later of the credit event backstop 
date in accordance with the Definitions and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or 
incurred: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (a) the payment or 
accrual of interest, or (b) the payment of principal or premium; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any 
currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United 
Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency 
to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the 
currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (a) above, none of the following will constitute 
a Restructuring: 
(i) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation 
denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or 
has adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (i) the redenomination occurs 
as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the 
European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (ii) a freely available market rate of conversion 
between euros and such other currency existed at the time of such redenomination and

--- Page 464 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
464 
 
 
there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium 
payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
paragraphs (a)(i) to (a)(v) above, due to an administrative adjustment, accounting 
adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary 
course of business; and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
paragraphs (a)(i) to (a)(v) above in circumstances where such event does not directly 
or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial 
condition of the Bond Issuer, provided that in respect of paragraph (a)(v) above only, 
no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Bond Issuer 
is required where the redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs 
as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the 
European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority. 
(c) 
For the purposes of paragraphs (a) and (b) above and Multiple Holder Obligation, the term 
Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Bond Issuer 
is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying 
Obligation, references to the Bond Issuer in paragraph (a) above shall be deemed to refer to 
the Underlying Obligor and the reference to the Bond Issuer in paragraph (b) above shall 
continue to refer to the Bond Issuer. 
(d) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described 
under paragraphs (a)(i) to (a)(v) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the 
terms of the Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting 
obligations immediately following such exchange. 
(e) 
Unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as not applicable in the related 
Confirmation, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary above, the occurrence of, 
agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs (a)(i) to (a)(v) 
above shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect of any such events is 
a Multiple Holder Obligation. 
Seller means the party specified as such in the related Confirmation. 
Subordination means, with respect to an obligation (the Second Obligation) and another obligation 
of the Bond Issuer to which such obligation is being compared (the First Obligation), a contractual, 
trust or similar arrangement providing that (i) upon the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or 
winding-up of the Bond Issuer, claims of the holders of the First Obligation are required to be 
satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second Obligation or (ii) the holders of the Second 
Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain payments in respect of their claims against the 
Bond Issuer at any time that the Bond Issuer is in payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the 
First Obligation, as more fully described in the Definitions. 
Scheduled Termination Date means the date specified as such in the related Confirmation. 
Solvency Capital Provisions means any terms in an obligation which permit the Bond Issuer’s 
payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or otherwise 
varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital resources of a particular 
tier.

--- Page 465 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
465 
 
 
Underlying Obligation means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of 
the guarantee. 
Underlying Obligor means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a 
Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other 
Underlying Obligation. 
Voting Shares means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of directors 
or similar governing body of an entity. 
26.4 
Market Disruption 
Market Disruption Event means the occurrence or existence of a specific circumstance or a 
combination of circumstances, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material and 
which objectively prevents it from determining whether a Knock-in or Knock-out Event has occurred, 
at any time during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event 
or a Knock-out Event begins or ends at the time when the event triggers respectively the Knock-in 
Level or the Knock-out Level or (b) in all other circumstances ends at the relevant Valuation Time.  
Disrupted Day means any day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, 
of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day would 
have been a Knock-in Determination Day, a Knock-out Determination Day or a Valuation Date. 
26.5 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event  
If Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, unless otherwise specified in 
such Final Terms, amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and/or payment under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
If Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, unless otherwise specified in 
such Final Terms, amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and/or payment under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will 
be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day for the purposes 
of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is any time or period of time during any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day and at any time during the one hour period that begins and/or ends at the time on 
which the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level has been triggered, a Market Disruption Event 
occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred. 
For the purposes of this Condition 26: 
Knock-in Event means an event specified as such in the applicable Final Terms as of the Knock-in 
Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day and which may be an event per se, specified in

--- Page 466 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
466 
 
 
the applicable Final Terms or depending on being (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) 
"less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-in Level. 
Knock-in Level means a level specified as such in the applicable Final terms, subject to adjustment 
from time to time in accordance with the provisions of "Market Disruption" set out in Condition 26.4 
above. 
Knock-in Determination Day means a day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or each 
Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period subject to, in either case, the 
provisions of "Market Disruption" set out in Condition 26.4 above. For the purposes of a Market 
Disruption, any Knock-in Determination Day will be treated as a Valuation Date and the provisions 
contained in the definition of "Valuation Date" set out below shall apply. If any such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the 
case may be, contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if 
references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Knock-in Determination Day". 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
Knock-out Event means an event specified as such in the applicable Final Terms as of the Knock-out 
Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day and which may be an event per se or depending 
on being (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" 
the Knock-out Level. 
Knock-out Level means a level determined as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of "Market Disruption" set out in 
Condition 26.4 above. 
Knock-out Determination Day means a day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or each 
Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period subject to, in either case, the 
provisions of "Market Disruption" set out in Condition 26.4 above. For the purposes of a Market 
Disruption, any Knock-out Determination Day will be treated as a Valuation Date and the provisions 
contained in the definition of "Valuation Date" set out below shall apply. If any such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the 
case may be, contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if 
references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Knock-out Determination Day". 
Knock-out Determination Period means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day.

--- Page 467 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
467 
 
 
Knock-out Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
27. 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO RATE LINKED NOTES 
This Condition 27 applies to Rate Linked Notes only. The Technical Annex set out on pages 503 to 
536 of this Base Prospectus contains provisions relating to the formulae used to determine amounts 
payable under Rate Linked Notes. The applicable Final Terms must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 27 and with the Technical Annex for full information on any Rate Linked Notes. The 
applicable Final Terms will specify the manner in which the performance of the Underlying Rate is to 
be determined as well as other relevant provisions, in accordance with this Condition 27 and the 
Technical Annex. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the relevant Underlying 
Rate(s). 
27.1 
Payments on redemption  
Payments due under a Rate Linked Note shall be determined in accordance with the Underlying Rate(s) 
and, where applicable, in accordance with the adjustment rules set out in this Condition 27 and 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. The Calculation Agent will determine the 
Underlying Rate, on or as soon as practicable after each Rate Determination Date (in the case of Screen 
Rate Determination or FBF Determination) or Reset Date (in the case of ISDA Determination), as 
applicable. The Calculation Agent will notify the Principal Paying Agent of the Underlying Rate as 
soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
27.2 
Underlying Rate Determination 
The value of the Underlying Rate will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(a) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Underlying Rate is to be determined, the Underlying Rate will be the relevant Underlying 
ISDA Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the purposes of these Rate Linked 
Note Conditions, Underlying ISDA Rate means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would 
be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as "Calculation Agent" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA 
Definitions) and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of these Rate Linked Note Conditions, Floating Rate, Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. A copy of the ISDA Definitions may be obtained from the Issuer.

--- Page 468 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
468 
 
 
(b) 
Screen Rate Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Underlying Rate is to be determined, the Underlying Rate will, subject as provided 
below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate(s) which appears or appear, 
as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service 
which displays the information) as at the Relevant Financial Centre time indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m., Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on 
the relevant Rate Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, 
if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
In the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (i) above, no 
such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Relevant Financial Centre time, the Calculation Agent 
shall request each of the reference banks to provide it with its offered quotation (expressed as 
a percentage per annum) for the Reference Rate(s). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if amounts under any Rate Linked Notes are to be calculated by 
reference to any Reference Rate in respect of which a Benchmark Event occurs, then the 
provisions of Conditions 6.2(b)(iv) and 9.12 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes or Conditions 4.2(b)(iv) and 6.12 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes, as applicable, shall apply and prevail over the provisions of this Condition 27.2(b). 
(c) 
FBF Determination 
(i) 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Underlying Rate is to be determined, the Underlying Rate will be the 
relevant FBF Rate. For the purposes of these Rate Linked Note Conditions, FBF Rate 
means a rate equal to that which would have been payable (regardless of any event of 
default or termination event thereunder) by the Issuer if it had entered into an interest 
rate swap transaction governed by an agreement in the form of the Master Agreement 
relating to transactions on forward financial instruments incorporating the FBF 
Definitions (a FBF Agreement), as in effect on the date of issue of the Notes, 
published by the Fédération Bancaire Française (the FBF) and evidenced by a 
Confirmation (as defined in the FBF Agreement) with the holder of the relevant Note 
under which: 
(A) 
the Issuer was the Floating Amount Payer; 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent (as defined herein) was the Agent (as defined in the 
FBF Agreement) or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(C) 
the lowest Specified Denomination was the Notional Amount;

--- Page 469 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
469 
 
 
(D) 
the Rate Determination Dates were the Floating Amount Payment Dates; and 
(E) 
all other terms were as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
FBF Definitions means the definitions set out in the FBF Master Agreement as 
supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs Techniques) as published by the 
FBF (a copy of which may be obtained free of charge on the FBF website at 
https://www.fbf.fr/en/schedules-fbf-master-agreement-relating-to-transactions-on-
forward-financial-instruments/), unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(ii) 
When paragraph (i) above applies, in respect of the relevant Rate Determination Date: 
(A) 
the Underlying Rate(s) will be the Floating Rate (as defined in the FBF 
Agreement) determined by the Agent in accordance with paragraph (i) above; 
and 
(B) 
the Agent will be deemed to have discharged its obligations under this 
Condition 27 if it has determined the Underlying Rate(s) in the manner 
provided in the preceding sentence. 
27.3 
Definitions 
Averaging Date means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
If Omission is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such date will be 
deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant Underlying 
Rate provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Date would occur, 
then the provisions of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for purposes of determining 
the relevant level, price or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were 
a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(b) 
if Postponement is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the provisions of 
the definition of Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant level, 
price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that 
was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred 
Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or 
(c) 
if Modified Postponement is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms then: 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Underlying Rate, the Averaging Date shall be the 
first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). If the first succeeding Valid Date has 
not occurred for consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption (up to the Relevant Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day) immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final 
Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant level or price for that Averaging Date in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of Valuation Date below;

--- Page 470 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
470 
 
 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a basket of Underlying Rates, the Averaging Date for the 
Underlying Rate(s) not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
originally designated Averaging Date (the Scheduled Averaging Date) and the 
Averaging Date for an Underlying Rate affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below) in relation to such 
Underlying Rate(s). If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Underlying 
Rate(s) has not occurred for consecutive Scheduled Trading days equal in number to 
the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption (up to the Relevant Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) immediately following the original date that, but 
for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the 
final Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect of such Underlying 
Rate, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or amount 
for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (b)(ii) of the definition of 
Valuation Date below; and 
(iii) 
for the purposes of these Conditions Valid Date means a Scheduled Trading Day that 
is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does not or is not deemed 
to occur. 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Disruption Event has occurred. 
Disruption Event means the occurrence of an event whereby it is impossible to determine the 
Underlying Rate(s) in the manner set out in Condition 27.2 above.  
Observation Date means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified 
Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis 
mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Observation Date". 
Observation Period means the period specified as the Observation Period in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Rate Determination Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Scheduled Trading Day means the relevant Scheduled Trading Day specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such other 
number of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Underlying Rate(s) means an applicable interest rate(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 471 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
471 
 
 
Valuation Date means the Valuation Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
where the Notes relate to a single Underlying Rate, the Valuation Date shall be the 
first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of 
the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day. In that case, and unless otherwise specified in Condition 27.2, (i) the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Rate in the manner set out in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if not set out or if not practicable, determine the Underlying 
Rate in accordance with its good faith estimate of the value for the Underlying Rate 
as of the Relevant Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
where the Notes relate to a basket of Underlying Rates, the Valuation Date for each 
Underlying Rate not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each Underlying Rate, affected, 
as the case may be, (each an Affected Item) by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day 
relating to the Affected Item unless each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In that 
case, and unless otherwise specified in Condition 27.2, (i) the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected 
Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Underlying Rate using, in relation to the Affected Item, the 
level or value as applicable, determined in the manner set out in the applicable Final 
Terms, or, if not set out or if not practicable, using its good faith estimate of the value 
for the Affected Item as of the Relevant Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
27.4 
Hedging Disruption – Increased Cost of Hedging – Change in Law – Consequences -
Monetisation until the Maturity Date 
(a) 
Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging 
Hedging Disruption means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the Underlying 
Rate level risk, or any other relevant level risk including, but not limited to, the interest rate, 
equity and currency risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations in respect to the 
Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of 
tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the Underlying Rate level risks (or any other relevant level risk including, 
without limitation, equity and credit price risk, foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, and 
any other price risks) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the

--- Page 472 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
472 
 
 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be 
deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
(b) 
Change in Law 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority, the Issuer determines in its sole 
and absolute discretion that it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes or it 
has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the 
Notes. 
(c) 
Consequences 
Upon the occurrence of an Exceptional Event Date, the Issuer may decide either to: 
(i) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, 
an Early Redemption Event). In the case where an Early Redemption Event occurs, 
the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and shall pay or cause to be 
paid an Early Redemption Amount on the basis of the Fair Market Value as defined 
in Condition 6.7; or 
(ii) 
apply the Monetisation until the Maturity Date; 
Or, but only in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging: 
(iii) 
deduct: 
(A) 
from the Interest Amount (if any) due under the Notes on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) following the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the 
amount of any new, or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee, that 
triggered the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging incurred by the 
Issuer or any of its Affiliates in relation to the Hedge Positions hedging the 
payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, such amount to be 
apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Notes (the Reduction 
Amount); PROVIDED THAT if on an Interest Payment Date on which a 
Reduction Amount shall be deducted from the Interest Amount, the 
Reduction Amount in respect of each Note is greater than the Interest Amount 
due under each Note (prior to the deduction of the Reduction Amount) on 
such Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount will be reduced to zero and 
the difference between the Reduction Amount and the Interest Amount (prior 
to the deduction of the Reduction Amount) will be deducted from the Interest 
Amount due on one or more of the following Interest Payment Date(s) (if 
any), and if a Reduction Amount has not been deducted in whole or in part on 
the last Interest Payment Date under the Notes, the remaining Reduction 
Amount will be deducted from the Optional Redemption Amount (if any), the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any), the Early Redemption 
Amount (if any) or the Final Redemption Amount, whichever comes first (the 
reduction of such deduction being floored at zero); or 
(B) 
in the absence of any Interest Amount under the Notes, (a) from the Optional 
Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if 
any) or the Early Redemption Amount (if any), due under the Notes on the

--- Page 473 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
473 
 
 
Optional Redemption Date (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Date (if 
any) or the payment date of the Early Redemption Amount (if any), whichever 
comes first, and (b) in the absence of any Optional Redemption Amount, 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount and Early Redemption Amount in 
respect of the Notes, from the Final Redemption Amount due on the Maturity 
Date, in each case after the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the 
Reduction Amount (the result of such deduction being floored at zero). 
Following the occurrence of an Exceptional Event Date, the Calculation Agent shall notify the 
Issuer, which shall in its turn notify the Noteholders pursuant to the provisions of Condition 
13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, of 
the relevant adjustment made or decision taken by the Calculation Agent. Details of any 
adjustment made or decision taken may be obtained by the Noteholders upon request at the 
Calculation Agent’s specified address. 
(d) 
Monetisation until the Maturity Date 
The Issuer will no longer be liable for any payment, on the Maturity Date or any Interest 
Payment Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations pay an amount 
as described in Conditions 27.4(d)(i) and 27.4(d)(ii) below: 
(i) 
In respect of the redemption of Notes whose Final Redemption Amount as defined in 
the applicable Final Terms could be as low as zero: 
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 27.4(d) above, the Issuer will pay on 
the Maturity Date an amount per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent, with a 
minimum of zero, based on (a) the net positive cash amount that the Issuer or any of 
its Affiliates would be left with on the Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating 
the Hedge Positions (inter alia by meeting the obligations and liabilities of the Hedge 
Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Hedge Positions) 
minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of this difference (a) minus (b) each 
converted if necessary in the Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange 
Rate on the Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this 
provision and of the Compounding Method together with (c) interest that would have 
accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, during 
the period (which for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method 
shall be a Calculation Period) between (x) the Full Liquidation Date (included) and 
(y) the Maturity Date (excluded); for the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds 
of any assets held by the Issuer or any of its Affiliates as Hedge Positions shall be 
deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by the Issuer 
or any of its Affiliates under its Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount 
mentioned above may be as low as zero; or 
(ii) 
In respect of the redemption of Notes whose Final Redemption Amount as defined in 
the applicable Final Terms cannot be in any case lower than an amount strictly 
positive (the Minimum Redemption Amount): 
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 27.4(d) above, the Issuer will pay on 
the Maturity Date an amount per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to 
the sum of (a) the Minimum Redemption Amount and (b) an amount, equal to the 
positive difference, if any, between: 
(A) 
the net positive cash amount that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates would be 
left with on the Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Hedge

--- Page 474 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
474 
 
 
Positions (inter alia by meeting the obligations and liabilities of the Hedge 
Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Hedge 
Positions) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of this difference (a) 
minus (b), each converted if necessary in the Specified Currency using the 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation 
Amount for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method) 
together with (c) interest that would have accrued on such Calculation 
Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, during the period (which for 
the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a 
Calculation Period) between (x) the Full Liquidation Date (included) and (y) 
the Maturity Date (excluded); and 
(B) 
an amount equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount; for the avoidance of 
doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by the Issuer or any of its 
Affiliates as Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to 
extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by the Issuer or any of its Affiliates 
under its Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above may 
be as low as zero. 
Definitions applicable to this Condition: 
Associated Costs means an amount determined by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion equal 
to the sum of (without duplication) all costs (including, without limitation, cost of funding), 
losses, expenses, tax and duties incurred by the Issuer or any of its Affiliates in connection 
with the termination, liquidation or re-establishment of the Hedge Positions, such amount to 
be apportioned pro rata the outstanding Notes; 
Compounding Method means, when interest is specified herein as accruing pursuant to the 
Compounding Method, that the amount of interest shall be equal to the sum of the 
Compounding Period Amounts for each Compounding Period in the related Calculation 
Period; 
where: 
Adjusted Calculation Amount means (a) in respect of the first Compounding Period of a 
Calculation Period, the Calculation Amount for that Calculation Period and (b) in respect of 
any succeeding Compounding Period in that Calculation Period, an amount equal to the sum 
of the Calculation Amount for that Calculation Period and the Compounding Period Amounts 
for each of the previous Compounding Periods in that Calculation Period; 
Compounding Date means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each Business Day (being a 
Business Day in Paris) of such Calculation Period; 
Compounding Period means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each period from and 
including a Compounding Date to but excluding the immediately following Compounding 
Date during that Calculation Period; 
Compounding Period Amount means, in respect of a Compounding Period, the product of 
(a) the Adjusted Calculation Amount, (b) the Compounding Rate and (c) the Day Count 
Fraction; 
Compounding Rate means, in respect of a Compounding Period Amount, the interbank 
overnight rate in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent on the first 
day of the relevant Compounding Period; notwithstanding this, the Compounding Rates

--- Page 475 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
475 
 
 
related to the last four Compounding Periods in the Calculation Period shall be that of the fifth 
Compounding Period before the Maturity Date; the specific Compounding Rate used in 
respect of a Specified Currency of the Notes shall be available at the office of the Calculation 
Agent for each Compounding Date; 
Day Count Fraction means, for the purposes of Compounding Method above, the exact 
number of days in a Compounding Period (the first included and the last excluded), divided 
by 360; 
Exceptional Event means, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith, the 
occurrence during the period from and including the Issue Date to and including the Last 
Exceptional Event Occurrence Date of one or more of Hedging Disruption, an Increased Cost 
of Hedging or a Change in Law; 
Exceptional Event Date means in respect of an Exceptional Event, the date, from and 
including the Issue Date to and including the Last Exceptional Event Occurrence Date, on 
which the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that an Exceptional Event has occurred; 
Full Liquidation Date means the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Hedge 
Positions (including inter alia by meeting the obligations and liabilities of such Hedge 
Positions, if any, or any part thereof, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such 
Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by 
the Issuer or any of its Affiliates; 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by the Issuer or any of 
its Affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, 
derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities 
lending/borrowing transactions, (c) any cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other 
instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described in order to hedge 
individually or on a portfolio basis the part of the Issuer or any of its Affiliate’s obligations 
under the Notes; and 
Last Exceptional Event Occurrence Date means the fourth (4th) Business Day immediately 
preceding the Maturity Date. 
(e) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
(i) 
If Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be 
automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date 
immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date and the Early 
Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer on such date upon redemption of each Note shall 
be an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 27: 
(iii) 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount means (a) an amount in the Specified Currency 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or if such amount is not specified, (b) the product of 
(i) the denomination of each Note and (ii) the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Rate 
relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date.

--- Page 476 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
476 
 
 
(iv) 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(v) 
Automatic Early Redemption Event means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) (A) in the case of an Underlying Rate, that the level of the Underlying Rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Relevant Time on any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date is, and (B) in the case of a basket of Underlying Rates, the amount 
for the basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each 
Underlying Rate as the product of (i) the level of such Underlying Rate as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Relevant Time on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date and (ii) the relevant weighting is, and for both (A) and (B) as specified in the Final Terms 
(a) "greater than", (b) "greater than or equal to", (c) "less than" or (d) "less than or equal to" 
the Automatic Early Redemption Level. 
(vi) 
Automatic Early Redemption Level means the level of the Underlying Rate specified as 
such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to Condition 27.4 above. 
(vii) 
Automatic Early Redemption Rate means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption 
Date, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(viii) 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", 
"Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the definition 
of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
"Averaging Date" were to "Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date". 
27.5 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, unless otherwise specified in 
such Final Terms, amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and/or payment under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
If Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, unless otherwise specified in 
such Final Terms, amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and/or payment under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will 
be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day for the purposes 
of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is any time or period of time during any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day and at any time during the one hour period that begins and/or ends at the time on 
which the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level has been triggered, a Market Disruption Event 
occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred. 
For the purposes of this Condition 27:

--- Page 477 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
477 
 
 
Knock-in Event means an event specified as such in the applicable Final Terms as of the Knock-in 
Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day and which may be an event per se, specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or depending on being (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) 
"less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-in Level. 
Knock-in Level means a level specified as such in the applicable Final terms, subject to adjustment 
from time to time in accordance with the provisions of "Market Disruption" set out in Condition 27.6 
below. 
Knock-in Determination Day means a day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or each 
Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period subject to, in either case, the 
provisions of "Market Disruption" set out in Condition 27.6 below. For the purposes of a Market 
Disruption, any Knock-in Determination Day will be treated as a Valuation Date and the provisions 
contained in the definition of "Valuation Date" set out above shall apply. If any such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the 
case may be, contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if 
references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Knock-in Determination Day". 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
Knock-out Event means an event specified as such in the applicable Final Terms as of the Knock-out 
Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day and which may be an event per se or depending 
on being (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" 
the Knock-out Level. 
Knock-out Level means a level determined as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of "Market Disruption" set out in 
Condition 27.6 below. 
Knock-out Determination Day means a day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or each 
Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period subject to, in either case, the 
provisions of "Market Disruption" set out in Condition 27.6 below. For the purposes of a Market 
Disruption, any Knock-out Determination Day will be treated as a Valuation Date and the provisions 
contained in the definition of "Valuation Date" set out below shall apply. If any such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the 
case may be, contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if 
references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Knock-out Determination Day". 
Knock-out Determination Period means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day.

--- Page 478 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
478 
 
 
Knock-out Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
27.6 
Market Disruption 
Market Disruption Event means, in relation to Notes relating to a single Underlying Rate or a basket 
of Underlying Rates, the occurrence or existence of a specific circumstance or a combination of 
circumstances, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material and which objectively 
prevents it from determining whether a Knock-in or Knock-out Event has occurred, at any time during 
the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out 
Event begins or ends at the time on which the level of the Underlying Rate(s) triggers respectively the 
Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level or (b) in all other circumstances ends at the relevant Valuation 
Time.  
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, 
of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day would 
have been a Knock-in Determination Day, a Knock-out Determination Day or a Valuation Date.
28. 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO FUTURE LINKED NOTES 
 
This Condition 28 applies to Future Linked Notes only. The Technical Annex set out on pages 503 to 536 of 
this Base Prospectus contains provisions relating to the formulae used to determine the pay-off under Future 
Linked Notes. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination of the 
performance of the relevant Future or Futures as well as other relevant provisions and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 28 and with the Technical Annex for full information on any Future Linked 
Notes.   
28.1 
Market Disruption Event, Disrupted Days and Consequences  
Market Disruption Event means, in relation to a Future, the occurrence or existence of any of the 
following events: (i) a Failure to Publish, (ii) a Trading Disruption, (iii) an Exchange Disruption or 
(iv) an Early Closure.  
(a) 
Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days  
If an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
In the case of Future Linked Notes relating to a single Future, the Calculation Agent 
may: 
(A) 
postpone the Observation Date, in which case the Observation Date will be 
the first immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day (the Future Determination Date), unless each consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day up to and including the Disruption Longstop Date is 
a Disrupted Day, in which case (I) the Disruption Longstop Date shall be 
deemed to be the Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is 
a Disrupted Day and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant Future as of the Daily Fixing Time on 
the Disruption Longstop Date; or 
(B) 
determine the value for the relevant Future (or a method for determining an 
such value) for such day, taking into consideration the latest available

--- Page 479 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
479 
 
 
quotation for the relevant Future and any other information that in good faith 
it deems relevant, 
with each such value so determined being used as the relevant Future Price. 
(ii) 
In the case of Future Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Futures: 
(A) 
for each Future not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the 
Observation Date shall be the Scheduled Observation Date; and 
(B) 
for each Future affected (each an Affected Future) by the occurrence of 
a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent may: 
I. 
postpone the Observation Date, in which case the Observation Date 
will be the Future Determination Date relating to such Affected 
Future, unless each consecutive Scheduled Trading Day up to and 
including the Disruption Longstop Date is a Disrupted Day relating 
to such Affected Future, in which case (1) the Disruption Longstop 
Date shall be deemed to be the Observation Date, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day relating to the relevant Affected 
Future and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant Affected Future as of the Daily 
Fixing Time on the Disruption Longstop Date; in case of multiple 
Affected Futures, the latest Future Determination Date will be the 
Future Determination Date for the purpose of Condition 28.1(a)(iii) 
below; or 
II. 
determine the value for the relevant Affected Futures (or a method 
for determining such value) for such day, taking into consideration 
the latest available quotation for the relevant Future and any other 
information that in good faith it deems relevant, 
 
with each such value so determined being used as the value for the relevant 
Affected Future. 
(iii) 
Unless the Notes are redeemed early in accordance with these Conditions, if the 
determination of (A) the Interest Amount; or (B) (I) the Final Redemption Amount or 
(II) the Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is postponed as a result of the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day, then: 
(A) 
payment of any such amount (the Affected Amount) will be made on the 
scheduled date for payment of such amount or, if later, on the date falling two 
(2) Payment Extension Days (or such other number of Payment Extension 
Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the earlier to occur 
of (i) the Future Determination Date; and (ii) the Disruption Longstop Date; 
and 
(B) 
such Affected Amount shall be paid without any interest or other sum payable 
in respect of the postponement of the payment of the Affected Amount. 
(iv) 
If the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine the Future Price 
in accordance with Condition 28.1(a)(i) or Condition 28.1(a)(ii) above, as the case 
may be, or if such determination would not, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
account for such Market Disruption Event:

--- Page 480 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
480 
 
 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions 
as it considers appropriate to account for any such Disrupted Day and 
determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective. In 
making any such adjustments, the Calculation Agent may take into account 
the equivalent adjustment(s) which would be made to an equity derivative 
transaction in the market following the relevant event occurring and where the 
Calculation Agent deems appropriate (in its sole and absolute discretion), 
adjust the Conditions to give effect to such adjustment(s); or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments 
for the purposes of sub-paragraph (iv)(A) above, the Issuer may, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, upon giving notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French 
Law Notes, as the case may be, redeem all but not some only of the Notes, 
each Note being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the fair market 
value of a Note taking into account the Market Disruption Event less the cost 
to the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English 
Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
(v) 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French 
Law Notes, as the case may be, of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on an 
Observation Date. Such notice shall give the details of such Disrupted Day and the 
action proposed to be taken by the Calculation Agent in relation thereto. 
(b) 
Averaging Date Disruption  
Averaging Date means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following 
Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a 
Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
If "Omission" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such date 
will be deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the 
relevant Future Price provided that, if through the operation of this provision no 
Averaging Date would occur, then the provisions of the definition of Valuation Date 
will apply for purposes of determining the relevant price or amount on the final 
Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted 
Day; or 
(ii) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
provisions of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of 
determining the relevant price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging 
Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, 
pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that 
already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date for the relevant Future; or 
(iii) 
 if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, 
then:

--- Page 481 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
481 
 
 
(A) 
where the Notes are Future Linked Notes relating to a single Future, the 
Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). 
If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption (up to the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) 
immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another 
Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date, 
then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed 
to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price for that Averaging Date 
in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Valuation Date 
below; 
(B) 
where the Notes are Future Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Futures, the 
Averaging Date for the Future not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day shall be the originally designated Averaging Date (the Scheduled 
Averaging Date) and the Averaging Date for a Future affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as 
defined below) in relation to such Future. If the first succeeding Valid Date 
in relation to such Future, has not occurred for consecutive Scheduled Trading 
days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption (up to the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) 
immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another 
Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date, 
then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed 
the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect of such 
Future, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or 
amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition of Valuation Date below; and 
(C) 
for the purposes of these Conditions Valid Date means a Scheduled Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does 
not or is not deemed to occur.  
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Early Closure means, in relation to a Future, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant 
Exchange prior to the Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Disruption means, in relation to a Future, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts 
or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, comply with its clearing 
obligations or obtain market values for such Future on the relevant 
Exchange. 
Failure to Publish means, in relation to a Future, the non-publication of the closing levels or market value 
of such Future, including pursuant to the redemption, cancellation or permanent discontinuance of such 
Future. 
Trading Disruption means, in relation to a Future, the suspension or limitation on trading imposed on 
the over-the-counter, organised or regulated market(s) on which such Future is traded.

--- Page 482 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
482 
 
 
28.2 
Adjustment and Redemption Events  
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Future, any event having, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of such 
Future and which is not anticipated in terms of such Future or the occurrence of which 
is not scheduled to occur, in each case as at the Trade Date. 
(i) 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
Following the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event in relation to a Future, 
the Calculation Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine whether 
such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the Future or Basket of Futures. 
(A) 
If so, the Calculation Agent may:  
I. 
make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to be made to the 
elements relating to the Future used to determine any settlement 
or payment terms under the Notes and/or adjust any other terms of the 
Notes as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic 
equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and  
II. 
determine the effective date of that adjustment. The Calculation 
Agent may, but need not, determine the appropriate adjustment by 
reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment 
Event made by the relevant Exchange. 
(B) 
If the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments 
for the purposes of sub-paragraphs (A) above, the Issuer may, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, upon giving notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law 
Notes, as the case may be, redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each 
Note being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the fair market value 
of a Note taking into account the Potential Adjustment Event less the cost to 
the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion; payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes 
or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
Upon the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event, the Issuer shall give notice 
as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the 
English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, 
stating the occurrence of the Potential Adjustment Event, giving details thereof and 
the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
(b) 
Extraordinary Events – Consequences of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event  
(A) 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in relation to a Future on or after the Trade 
Date, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take, if applicable, any 
of the actions described in I., II. or III. below:

--- Page 483 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
483 
 
 
I. 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute 
discretion the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes to account for the relevant 
Extraordinary Event and determine the effective date of that 
adjustment. The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine 
the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect 
of the relevant Extraordinary Event made by any options exchange 
to options on the Futures traded on that options exchange. 
II. 
By giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of 
the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as 
the case may be, redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note 
being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the fair market 
value of a Note taking into account the relevant Extraordinary 
Event(s) less the cost to the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding 
any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
III. 
In the case of Future Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Futures, on 
or after the date of the relevant Extraordinary Event, require the 
Calculation Agent to adjust the Basket of Futures by including futures 
selected by it in its sole and absolute discretion (the Substitute 
Futures) in place of the Affected Future(s), and the Substitute 
Futures will be deemed to be Futures for the purposes of the Notes, 
and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes as the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate; such substitution 
and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Futures will be deemed 
to be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the 
Substitution Date) in its sole and absolute discretion and specified 
in the notice referred to below which may, but need not, be the date 
of the relevant Extraordinary Event. Without prejudice to the 
foregoing, the Weighting of each Substitute Future (if any) will, to 
the extent practicable, be set equal to the Weighting of the relevant 
Affected Future. 
(B) 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, the Issuer shall give notice 
as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the 
case may be, stating the occurrence of the relevant Extraordinary Event, 
giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto, 
including, in the case of a substitution of Futures, the identity of the 
Substitute Futures and the Substitution Date. As the case may be, payments 
will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of 
the French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Future, the occurrence of (a) a Change of Future 
Exchange, (b) a Change of Future Contract, (c) a Modification of Futures Contract, (d) 
a Cancellation of Future Contract, (e) an Illiquidity Event, or (f) a Roll-Over Failure Event.

--- Page 484 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
484 
 
 
Cancellation of Future Contract means that the publisher of a Future announces that it will 
permanently cancel such Future. 
Change of Future Contract means that the Future is replaced by a successor futures 
contract that is not acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
Change of Future Exchange means that the Future is no longer negotiated on the 
Exchange and/or under a market-standard format as of the Trade Date but after such date 
becomes negotiated instead on an exchange and/or under a format that is not acceptable 
to the Calculation Agent. 
Illiquidity Event means that in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the liquidity of 
the Future has decreased significantly since the Trade Date, such decrease of liquidity being 
likely to have a material impact on the hedge of the Issuer and/or any of its respective affiliates 
in connection with the Notes. 
Modification of Futures Contract means that the publisher of the documentation 
governing the Future announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the 
method of calculating such Future or in any other way materially modifies that Future. 
Roll-Over Failure Event means that, where "Roll Adjustment" is stated as being 
Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to make a Roll Adjustment at the relevant Rolling Time 
on the relevant Rolling Date 
(c) 
Correction of Future Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is four Exchange 
Business Days prior to the due date for any payment under the Notes that is calculated by 
reference to the price of a Future, if the price of the relevant Future published on a given day 
and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes 
is subsequently corrected and the correction published by the relevant Exchange, the price 
to be used shall be the price of the relevant Future as so corrected. Corrections published after 
the day which is four Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the 
Notes that is calculated by reference to the price of a Future will be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
28.3 
Additional Disruption Events – Consequences of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption 
Event  
Where "Additional Disruption Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable and if an Additional Disruption Event occurs on or after the Trade Date, 
the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as 
it considers appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to account for such 
Additional Disruption Event and determine the date(s) on which any such 
adjustments will be effective; or 
(ii) 
upon giving notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the 
English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, 
redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by payment of

--- Page 485 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
485 
 
 
an amount equal to the fair market value of a Note taking into account the Additional 
Disruption Event less the cost to the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as shall 
be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law 
Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon 
as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the English Law 
Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, stating the occurrence 
of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be 
taken in relation thereto. 
For the purposes of these Conditions:  
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or Increased 
Cost of Hedging, in each case unless disapplied in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
(a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation of any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority, the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it 
is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes or it has become illegal to hold, acquire 
or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Notes. 
Hedging Disruption means that the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the Future price risk, or 
any other relevant price risk including, but not limited to, the interest rate, equity and currency risk 
of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations in respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover 
or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates would incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the Future price risks (or any other relevant price risk including, without limitation, equity and 
credit price risk, foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk and any other price risks) of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount 
that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its 
affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
28.4 
Other Events  
 
This Condition will apply to the Notes unless specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these Conditions, if any other event occurs 
which the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on the Notes, 
then:

--- Page 486 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
486 
 
 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate to account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which any such 
adjustments will be effective; or 
(b) 
the Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of 
the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, redeem 
all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by payment of an amount 
equal to the fair market value of a Note taking into account such other event(s) less the cost 
to the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments will 
be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 of the English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be. 
 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this Condition 28.4, the Issuer 
shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the 
English Law Notes or Condition 14 of the French Law Notes, as the case may be, giving details of 
such determination. 
 
28.5 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, unless otherwise specified in 
such Final Terms, amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and/or payment under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
If Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, unless otherwise specified in 
such Final Terms, amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and/or payment under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will 
be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day for the purposes 
of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on which the relevant Exchange 
is opened for business and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day 
and at any time during the one hour period that begins and/or ends at the time on which the price of 
the Future triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a Market Disruption Event occurs or 
exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred. 
For the purposes of this Condition 28.5: 
Knock-in Event means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) (A) in the case of 
a single Future, that the price of the Future determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in 
Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day is and (B) in the case of a basket of Futures, that 
the amount for the basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each 
Future as the product in respect of each Future of (i) the price of such Future as of the Knock-in 
Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day and (ii) the relevant weighting is and for both 
(A) and (B) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) "greater than", (b) "greater than or equal 
to", (c) "less than" or (d) "less than or equal to" the Knock-in Level.

--- Page 487 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
487 
 
 
Knock-in Level means (A) in the case of a single Future, the price of the Future specified and (B) in 
case of a basket of Futures, the price per Future specified and for both (A) and (B) as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with 
the provisions of "Market Disruption Event" set out in Condition 28.1 above. 
Knock-in Determination Day means, in the case of a single Future and in the case of a basket of 
Futures, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-
in Determination Period subject to, in either case, the provisions of "Market Disruption Event" set out 
in Condition 28.1 above. For the purposes of a Market Disruption Event, any Knock-in Determination 
Day will be treated as a Valuation Date and the provisions contained in the definition of "Valuation 
Date" set out below shall apply. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to 
"Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the 
definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
"Averaging Date" were to "Knock-in Determination Day". 
Knock-in Determination Period means, in respect of a single Future or a basket of Futures the period 
which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, 
the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date means, in respect of a single Future or a basket of Futures the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Period Ending Date means, in respect of a single Future or a basket of Futures, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Valuation Time means, in respect of a single Future or a basket of Futures, the time or 
period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or 
in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in 
Valuation Time shall be the Scheduled Closing Time or any other time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Knock-out Event means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) (A) in the case of 
a single Future, that the price of the Future determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out 
Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day is and (B) in the case of a basket of Futures, 
that the amount for the basket of Futures determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the 
values of each Future as the product in respect of each Future of (i) the price of such Future as of the 
Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day and (ii) the relevant weighting is, 
and for both (A) and (B) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than 
or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-out Level. 
Knock-out Level means, in the case of a single Future Index, the price of the Future specified and in 
the case of a basket of Futures, the price per basket specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of 
"Market Disruption Event" set out in Condition 28.1 above. 
Knock-out Determination Day means, in respect of a single Future and in relation to a basket of 
Futures, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-
out Determination Period subject to, in either case, the provision of "Market Disruption Event" set out 
in Condition 28.1 above. For the purposes of a Market Disruption Event, any Knock-out Determination 
Day will be treated as a Valuation Date and the provisions contained in the definition of "Valuation 
Date" set out below shall apply. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to 
"Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the

--- Page 488 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
488 
 
 
definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
"Averaging Date" were to "Knock-out Determination Day". 
Knock-out Determination Period means, in respect of a single Future or a basket of Futures, the 
period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and 
includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date means, in respect of a single Future or a basket of Futures, the 
date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Period Ending Date means, in respect of a single Future or a basket of Futures, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Valuation Time means, in respect of a single Future or a basket of Futures, the time or 
period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-
out Valuation Time shall be the Scheduled Closing Time or any other time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
28.6 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed 
in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date and the Early Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer 
on such date upon redemption of each Note shall be an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount means (a) an amount in the Specified Currency specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or if such amount is not specified, (b) the product of (i) the denomination 
of each Note and (ii) the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Rate relating to that Automatic Early 
Redemption Date. 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (A) in the case of a Future, that the price of the Future determined by the Calculation Agent as 
of the Valuation Time on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is, and (B) in the case of 
basket of Futures, the amount for the basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of 
the prices of each Future as the product of (i) the price of such Future as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Valuation Time on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date and (ii) the 
relevant weighting is, and for both (A) and (B) as specified in the Final Terms (i) "greater than", (ii) 
"greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early 
Redemption Price.

--- Page 489 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
489 
 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Price means the price per Future specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to "Market Disruption Event" set forth in Condition 
28.1 above. 
Automatic Early Redemption Rate means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Date, the 
rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day 
is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified 
Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis 
mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date". 
28.7 
Definitions 
Active Future Contract means the Future specified as such in the applicable Final Terms if 
"Roll Adjustment" is stated as being Applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
AFC Time Weighted Average Price(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the time 
weighted average price of the Active Future Contract, as calculated between the AFC 
Commencement Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the AFC End Date (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Basket or Basket of Futures means, a basket composed of Futures (each an Underlying) in the 
relative proportions or numbers of Futures specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Daily Fixing Time means, in respect of a Future, the official time on which the Daily Settlement 
Price of that Future is computed by the Exchange. For the avoidance of doubt, when the Daily 
Settlement Price is computed by the Exchange on a period of one or several minutes, the Daily Fixing 
Time will correspond to the end of this period. 
Daily Settlement Price means, in respect of a Future, the official daily settlement price, determined 
under the applicable Exchange at the Daily Fixing Time. 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Future (or, in the case of a Basket of Futures, in respect of 
any Future comprising the Basket and observed separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
(a) the relevant Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (b) on which 
a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last 
Scheduled Trading Day in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Exchange means, in relation to a Future, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for 
such Future in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Future has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to 
such Future on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
Exchange Business Day means either (a) in the case of a single Future, Exchange Business Day 
(Single Future Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Futures, (i) the Exchange Business Day (All 
Future Basis) or (ii) the Exchange Business Day (Per Future Basis) as specified in the applicable

--- Page 490 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
490 
 
 
Final Terms. If no Exchange Business Day is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, 
Exchange Business Day (All Future Basis) shall be deemed to apply for a Basket of Futures and 
Exchange Business Day (Single Future Basis) shall apply otherwise. 
Exchange Business Day (All Future Basis) means, in respect of a Future, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which the Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading sessions, notwithstanding 
such Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Future Basis) means, in respect of a Future, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which the relevant Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding such Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Single Future Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
relevant Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding such relevant 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Expiry Date means, in respect of a Future, the expiry date (or month if such information is sufficient 
to identify the Future) of such Future, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixing Active Future Contract(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the Daily 
Settlement Price of the Active Future Contract. 
Fixing Next Active Future Contract(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
Daily Settlement Price of the Next Active Future Contract. 
Future Determination Date has the meaning set out in Condition 28.1(a)(Consequences of the 
occurrence of Disrupted Days). 
Future(s) means a future contract, which is a standardised contract traded on the relevant Exchange 
specified as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, subject to (a) adjustment pursuant to the 
provisions of Condition 28 of these Conditions and/or (b) Roll Adjustment if "Roll Adjustment" is 
stated as being Applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Future Price means, in respect of a Future and a given Scheduled Trading Day, the Daily Settlement 
Price of such Future on the relevant Exchange during a trading session on that Scheduled Trading 
Day, as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Conditions 28.1 to Conditions 28.4 above 
or, if Roll Adjustment is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Daily Settlement 
Price multiplied by the Quantity Factor as determined by the Calculation Agent, unless in either 
case, the Calculation Agent determines that in accordance with market conventions, such method of 
determining the Future Price is not appropriate in which case the Future Price shall be determined 
in the manner elected by the Calculation Agent, having regard to such market conventions. 
Initial Quantity Factor, means 1, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maximum Days of Disruption means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such other number 
of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
NAFC Time Weighted Average Price(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
time weighted average price of the Next Active Future Contract, as calculated between the NAFC 
Commencement Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the NAFC End Date (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 491 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
491 
 
 
Next Active Future Contract means any subsequent nearby Future of the Active Future Contract 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, having a later Expiry Date than the Active Future 
Contract. 
Observation Date means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified 
Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis 
mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Observation Date". 
Quantity Adjustment Factor means a multiplicative factor determined by the Calculation Agent 
on a Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the following: 
(i) 
Unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, Quantity Adjustment Factor will be 
equal to 1. 
(ii) If Option Fixing Roll is set as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Quantity Adjustment Factor(i) = (Fixing Active Future Contract(i) x (1 - Rolling Cost)) / 
(Fixing Next Active Future Contract(i) x (1 + Rolling Cost)) 
(iii) If Option TWAP Roll is set as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Quantity Adjustment Factor(i) = (AFC Time Weighted Average Price(i) x (1 - Rolling Cost)) / 
(NAFC Time Weighted Average Price(i) x (1 + Rolling Cost)) 
Quantity Factor means a multiplicative factor determined by the Calculation Agent on a Scheduled 
Trading Day in accordance with to the following mechanism: 
(a) 
In respect of the first Observation Date, Quantity Factor will be equal to the Initial 
Quantity Factor. 
(b) 
If such Scheduled Trading Day is a Rolling Date, the Quantity Factor as of the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Trading Day multiplied by the Quantity Adjustment Factor. 
(c) 
If such Scheduled Trading Day is not a Rolling Date, the Quantity Factor as of the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day. 
Relevant Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Roll Adjustment means that, if "Roll Adjustment" is stated as being Applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, an adjustment according to which the Calculation Agent will roll the Active Future 
Contract into the Next Active Future Contract at the relevant Rolling Time on the relevant Rolling 
Date. 
Rolling Cost means 0%, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rolling Date(s) means the date(s) on which the Calculation Agent will roll the Active Future 
Contract into the Next Active Future Contract. Unless specified otherwise in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Expiry Date of any Active Future Contract will be a Rolling Date. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Calculation Agent may roll the Active Future Contract into the Next Active Future Contract on 
one or several dates

--- Page 492 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
492 
 
 
which will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rolling Time means the time on (or the period during) which the Calculation Agent will roll the 
Active Future Contract into the Next Active Future Contract on a Rolling Date. Unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Daily Fixing Time of the Future will be the Rolling Time. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to 
after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
Scheduled Observation Date means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing 
a Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
Scheduled Trading Day means either (a) in the case of a single Future, Scheduled Trading Day 
(Single Future Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Futures, (i) Scheduled Trading Day (All Future 
Basis) or 
(ii) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Future Basis) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If no 
Scheduled Trading Day is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled Trading 
Day (All Future Basis) shall be deemed to apply for a Basket of Futures and Scheduled Trading Day 
(Single Future Basis) shall apply otherwise. 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Future Basis) means, in respect of all Futures, any day on which 
the relevant Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Future Basis) means, in respect of a Future, any day on which the 
relevant Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Future Basis) means any day on which the relevant Exchange 
is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session. 
Scheduled Valuation Date means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Valuation Date means the Coupon Valuation Date and/or the Redemption Valuation Date, as the case 
may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such 
day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
where the Notes are Future Linked Notes relating to a single Future, the Valuation Date shall 
be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Trading Day is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last 
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Future Price in accordance with its good faith estimate of Future Price as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(b) 
where the Notes are Future Linked Notes relating to a basket of Futures, the Valuation Date 
for each Future, not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each Future, affected, as the case may be, (each 
an Affected Item) by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding

--- Page 493 ---
Additional provisions applicable to the Notes 
 
 
 
493 
 
 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each 
of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating 
to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Future Price using, 
in relation to the Affected Item, the price determined with good faith estimate of the price for 
the Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day), 
and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
Valuation Time means the Relevant Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the relevant 
Valuation Date which, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall be the time at 
which the Exchange published the relevant Future Price from which the Future Price is calculated.  
Weighting means, in relation to a Future comprised in a Basket of Futures, the percentage specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms and representing the relative weighting of such Future in the 
Basket.

--- Page 494 ---
SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS 
The following chapters comprise the terms and conditions (the Supplementary Provisions) that shall apply to 
Notes if the applicable Final Terms indicate that the Supplementary Provisions is applicable. These 
Supplementary Provisions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Supplementary Provisions are applicable, the terms and conditions 
applicable to the Notes shall comprise the Terms and Conditions, the relevant Additional provisions as 
specified in the Final Terms and these Supplementary Provisions. In the event of any inconsistency between 
the Terms and Conditions, the relevant Additional provisions as specified in the Final Terms and these 
Supplementary Provisions, these Supplementary Provisions shall prevail. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
Derivative Component means the option component or embedded derivative in respect of the nominal 
amount of the Notes or the interest amount due under the Notes in order to enable the Issuer to issue 
the Notes at the issue price and on their applicable terms. 
Derivative Component Market Value means the market value of the Derivative Component as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the actual or theoretical mark-to-market value of 
such Derivative Component taking into account the time remaining until the scheduled maturity date 
of the Notes and calculated in accordance with generally accepted valuation methods for such 
instruments in the financial markets, provided that: 
(a) 
any costs incurred by the Issuer in relation to the early redemption of the Notes or the 
termination of any hedging arrangements, shall not be taken into account when determining 
the Derivative Component Market Value; and 
(b) 
any costs, as notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (including but not limited to any 
structuring costs) which were included in the issue price of the relevant Note (the Fee 
Component) shall be added to the Derivative Component Market Value, in an amount equal 
to the amount of such Fee Component multiplied by the number of days from the Issue Date 
to the Early Redemption Valuation Date and divided by the number of days from the Issue 
Date until the Maturity Date of such Notes. 
Early Redemption Valuation Date means the date on which the Issuer determines that the Notes will 
be early redeemed, such date being notified to Noteholders in the relevant notice of early redemption. 
Fair Market Value means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, as of the Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, equal to the fair market value of such Note, notwithstanding the 
consequences (if any) of the occurrence of any Significant Alteration Event or Force Majeure, as the 
case may be, provided that, in determining the fair market value for the purposes of Condition 9 
(Events of Default), no account shall be taken of the financial condition of the Issuer which shall be 
presumed to be able to perform fully its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
Force Majeure means any force majeure, act of state, or other event or circumstance occurring after 
the Issue Date as a consequence of which the fulfilment of the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes 
has become impossible through the occurrence of an external event that is not attributable to the Issuer, 
including, without limitation, it becoming illegal for the Issuer to have the Notes outstanding pursuant 
to any change in law, nationalisation or regulatory action; 
"Monetisation Amount" means, in respect of a Note, is an amount calculated based on the following 
formula, which implies a redemption at maturity of at least the Principal Protected Amount:

--- Page 495 ---
Supplementary Provisions 
 
 
 
495 
 
 
(S + D) x (1 + r)n 
Where: 
"S" is the present value of the Principal Protected Amount of the Notes on the Early 
Redemption Valuation Date (calculated by the Calculation Agent by reference to a generally 
accepted valuation method for such instruments in the financial markets); 
"D" is the Derivative Component Market Value on the Early Redemption Valuation Date; 
"r" is a hypothetical annual interest rate that would be applied on an equivalent hypothetical 
debt instrument issued by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as applicable) with the same maturity 
as the remaining maturing on the Notes from the date of early redemption until the scheduled 
maturity date of the Notes; and 
"n" is the time remaining until the scheduled maturity date of the Notes, expressed as a number 
of years. 
Principal Protected Amount means, in respect of a Principal Protected Note, the Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Principal Protected Note means a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price. 
Relevant Notice Condition means (i) in relation to French Law Notes, Condition 14 (Notices) of the 
Terms and Conditions for French Law Notes; or (ii) in relation to English Law Notes, Condition 13 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions for English Law Notes. 
Significant Alteration Event means any event or circumstance or combination of events or 
circumstances occurring after the Issue Date that is not attributable to the Issuer but which in the 
determination of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, significantly alters the economics of the Notes compared to the economics as at 
the Issue Date, where such event renders the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes 
unduly onerous or results in a material increase in costs incurred by the Issuer associated with the 
Notes as a consequence of a change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, 
in respect of any in tax laws, solvency or regulatory capital requirements), nationalisation, or 
regulatory action but, in each case, where such event does not constitute a Force Majeure, or, to the 
extent permitted by applicable law, in other similar events or circumstances that would in the 
determination of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, significantly alter the economics of the Notes compared to the economics as at the 
Issue Date.  
2. 
REDEMPTION 
2.1 
Redemption for Significant Alteration Event or Force Majeure Event  
(a) 
Restriction on early redemption 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Terms and Conditions and the relevant 
Additional provisions and except as provided otherwise in these Supplementary provisions, 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, may only redeem the Notes prior to 
their Maturity Date in accordance with the Terms and Conditions (including the relevant 
Additional provision), following an event or circumstance (or combination of events or 
circumstances) that qualifies as either a Significant Alteration Event or a Force Majeure.

--- Page 496 ---
Supplementary Provisions 
 
 
 
496 
 
 
(b) 
Significant Alteration Event  
If the Issuer determines that a Significant Alteration Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes by giving notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with the Relevant Notice Condition. 
If the Issuer redeems the Notes, then the Issuer will, if and to the extent permitted by applicable 
law, pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder 
calculated on the basis of the Redemption Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. In 
respect of Notes bearing interest, notwithstanding any other provision of the Terms and 
Conditions and the relevant Additional provisions , the Early Redemption Amount shall 
include any accrued interest to (but excluding) the Early Redemption Valuation Date. Payment 
will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with the 
Relevant Notice Condition. 
Should any one or more of the provisions contained in the Terms and Conditions and the 
relevant Additional provisions be or become invalid, the validity of the remaining provisions 
shall not in any way be affected thereby. 
(c) 
Force Majeure  
If the Issuer determines that a Force Majeure has occurred, the Issuer may redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with the Relevant 
Notice Condition. 
If the Issuer redeems the Notes as provided above, then the Issuer will, if and to the extent 
possible or practicable, pay an amount (if any) to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held 
by such Noteholder equal to the Fair Market Value of the Notes. In respect of Notes bearing 
interest, notwithstanding any other provision of the Terms and Conditions and the relevant 
Additional provisions, the Fair Market Value shall include any accrued interest to (but 
excluding) the Early Redemption Valuation Date. Any payment will be made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with the Relevant Notice Condition. 
(d) 
Redemption Amounts 
(i) 
Notwithstanding any contrary provisions in the Terms and Conditions and the relevant 
Additional provisions: 
(A) 
Except in the case of a Force Majeure, where the Notes are to be redeemed 
prior to their Maturity Date pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, or in other 
circumstances specified in the Additional provisions or the Supplementary 
Provisions, that do not constitute a Force Majeure, each Note will be 
redeemed in accordance with the Terms and Conditions (including the 
relevant Additional provisions) and the Supplementary Provisions, at an 
amount calculated as follows: 
I. 
if the "Redemption Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being "Fair Market Value", the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Early Redemption Date at the Fair Market Value of the Notes;  
II. 
if the "Redemption Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being "Highest Value", the Notes will be redeemed on the Early 
Redemption Date at the greater of (1) the Fair Market Value of the 
Notes and (2) the Principal Protected Amount of the Notes; or

--- Page 497 ---
Supplementary Provisions 
 
 
 
497 
 
 
III. 
if the "Redemption Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being "Monetisation Amount", the Notes will be redeemed at the 
Fair Market Value on the Early Redemption Date or at the 
Monetisation Amount on the Maturity Date, according to the choice 
of the Noteholder (to be exercised at the Noteholder's absolute 
discretion). 
For the determination of the applicable redemption amount in accordance 
with one of the redemption bases ("Fair Market Value", "Highest Value" or 
"Monetisation Amount"), no costs shall be deducted from such redemption 
amount and such redemption amount shall include the reimbursement by the 
Issuer of any costs or, as the case may be, proportionate share of such costs 
(including but not limited to any structuring costs) paid by Noteholders to the 
Issuer in the Issue Price of the Notes. 
(B) 
Where the Notes are to be redeemed prior to their Maturity Date as a result of 
a Force Majeure, the Notes will be redeemed on the Early Redemption Date 
at the Fair Market Value, taking into account that, for the determination of the 
Fair Market Value, no costs shall be deducted other than costs that are 
unavoidable in order to be able to redeem the Notes at their market value. 
(ii) 
Where the "Redemption Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Monetisation Amount", in the relevant Issuer's notice of early redemption as 
specified in the relevant Terms and Conditions or Additional provisions, the Issuer 
must include the following: 
(A) 
the cut-off date and time for each Noteholder to elect to receive the Fair 
Market Value on the date fixed for early redemption of the Notes; 
(B) 
the Early Redemption Valuation Date in respect of such election  
(C) 
the amount determined by the Calculation Agent as the Fair Market Value of 
the Notes on the Early Redemption Valuation Date;  
(D) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as the Monetisation Amount 
(E) 
the instructions to allow such Noteholder to make such allocation, 
substantially in accordance with paragraph (iii) below; and 
(F) 
a confirmation that, in the absence of making an election to receive the Fair 
Market Value, such Noteholder shall receive the Monetisation Amount on the 
Maturity Date. 
(iii) 
If the Noteholder does not make a valid election to receive the Fair Market Value on the date 
fixed for early redemption before the cut-off date and time set out in the Issuer's notice of early 
redemption, the Noteholder will receive the Monetisation Amount in respect of such Note on 
the Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
To make a valid election to receive the Fair Market Value on the date fixed for Early 
Redemption of the Notes, a Noteholder must no later than the cut-off date and time set out in 
the Issuer's notice of early redemption, give notice to the relevant Agent, as the case may be 
of such election.

--- Page 498 ---
Supplementary Provisions 
 
 
 
498 
 
 
3. 
MODIFICATION 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Terms and Conditions and the relevant Additional 
provisions and except as provided otherwise in these Supplementary provisions, the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be, may only modify or adjust the terms of the Notes in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions or the relevant Additional provisions (other than modifications or 
adjustments that do not relate to essential characteristics of the Notes), following an event or 
circumstance (or combination of events or circumstances) that qualifies as either a Significant 
Alteration Event or a Force Majeure. Any such modification or adjustment of the Terms and 
Conditions (or the relevant Additional provisions) may not create a significant imbalance between the 
rights and obligations of the parties to the detriment of the Noteholders. 
The Noteholders may not be charged any costs for the modification or adjustment of the Terms and 
Conditions (incl. any relevant Additional provisions). 
For the purpose of these Supplementary Provisions, "essential characteristics" of the Notes means 
characteristics of the Notes that are considered essential to the Noteholders, including without 
limitation the yield (coupon structure), the underlying value, whether or not the investment is 
reimbursed in whole or in part on the relevant redemption date, the identity of the issuer and/or of the 
guarantor and the scheduled redemption date. 
4. 
JURISDICTION 
Notwithstanding any provisions in the Terms and Conditions, to the extent that any proceedings in 
respect of the Notes involve consumers (as such term is used in Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and 
enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters (the Brussels Recast Regulation)), the 
Issuer agrees that it will, and such consumers may, in respect of any dispute in respect of the Notes, 
take proceedings in the jurisdictions specified in Article 18 of the Brussels Recast Regulation. 
5. 
AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
5.1 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
(a) 
In the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, Condition 8.3 (Rights of Noteholders 
and Calculations) shall be deemed to be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following:  
“8.3 Rights of the Noteholders and Calculations 
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any of the Paying Agents shall have any 
responsibility for any errors or omissions in committed in connection with any of the 
calculations or determinations contemplated in Conditions 7 and 8, unless such errors or 
omissions result from their gross negligence, fraud or wilful misconduct. 
The purchase of Notes linked to one or more Relevant Assets does not confer on holders of 
such Notes any rights (whether in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) in connection 
with the applicable Relevant Asset(s).” 
(b) 
Paragraph 3 (Amendment) of these Supplementary Provisions does not apply to Condition 8.2 
(Variation of Settlement).  
(c) 
Paragraph 2 (Redemption) of these Supplementary Provisions does not apply to Condition 9.4 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer).

--- Page 499 ---
Supplementary Provisions 
 
 
 
499 
 
 
5.2 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
(a) 
In the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes, Condition 5.7(c) (Rights of 
Noteholders and Calculations) shall be deemed to be deleted in its entirety and replaced by 
the following:  
“(c) Rights of the Noteholders and Calculations 
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any of the Paying Agents shall have any 
responsibility for any errors or omissions in committed in connection with any of the 
calculations or determinations contemplated in Conditions 7 and 8, unless such errors or 
omissions result from their gross negligence, fraud or wilful misconduct. 
The purchase of Notes linked to one or more Relevant Assets does not confer on holders of 
such Notes any rights (whether in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) in connection 
with the applicable Relevant Asset(s).” 
(b) 
Paragraph 3 (Amendment) of these Supplementary Provisions does not apply to Condition 
5.7(b) (Variation of Settlement).  
(c) 
Paragraph 2 (Redemption) of these Supplementary Provisions does not apply to Condition 6.4 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer).  
5.3 
Amendments to the Additional provisions applicable to Credit Linked Notes 
Paragraph 2 (Redemption) of these Supplementary Provisions does not apply to Condition 19.2 
(Redemption of Credit Linked Notes upon occurrence of a Credit Event).  
5.4 
Amendments to the Additional provisions applicable to Index Linked Notes 
(a) 
Each of Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and 
Loss of Stock Borrow shall not be applicable. 
(b) 
The definition of Change of Law shall be deemed to be deleted in its entirety and replaced by 
the following:  
“Change of Law means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under the Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase 
in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position).” 
5.5 
Amendments to the Additional provisions applicable to Equity Linked Notes 
(a) 
Each of Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and 
a Loss of Stock Borrow shall not be applicable. 
(b) 
The definition of Change of Law shall be deemed to be deleted in its entirety and replaced by 
the following:

--- Page 500 ---
Supplementary Provisions 
 
 
 
500 
 
 
“Change of Law means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (y) it will incur a materially increased cost 
in performing its obligations under the Notes (including, without limitation, due to any 
increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position).” 
5.6 
Amendments to the Additional provisions applicable to Inflation Linked Notes 
Change in Law shall not be applicable and Condition 22.3(g) (Change in Law) shall be deemed to be 
deleted its entirety. 
5.7 
Amendments to the Additional provisions applicable to Fund Linked Notes 
(a) 
In the definition of “Extraordinary Funds Events”, the following paragraphs shall not be 
applicable: (b), (g), (i), (j), (p), (r), (s) and (t). 
(b) 
Condition 25.6 (Redemption/Termination Date Extension) shall not be applicable. 
5.8 
Amendments to the Additional provisions applicable to Bond Linked Notes 
Condition 26.1(d) (Hedging Disruption - Increased Cost of Hedging - Change in Law - Merger of a 
Bond Issuer and the Issuer or any of its Affiliates – Consequences - Monetisation until the Maturity 
Date) shall not be applicable. 
5.9 
Amendments to the Additional provisions applicable to Rate Linked Notes 
Condition 27.4 (Hedging Disruption - Increased Cost of Hedging - Change in Law - Consequences - 
Monetisation until the Maturity Date) shall not be applicable. 
5.10 
Amendments to the Additional provisions applicable to Future Linked Notes 
(a) 
Illiquidity Event shall not be applicable. 
(b) 
Condition 28.3 (Additional Disruption Events – Consequences of the occurrence of an 
Additional Disruption Event) shall not be applicable. 
(c) 
Condition 28.4 (Other Events) shall not be applicable.

--- Page 501 ---
TECHNICAL ANNEX 
Provisions relating to Interests and Payouts 
TABLE OF CONTENTS OF THE TECHNICAL ANNEX 
1. 
INTRODUCTION TO THE TECHNICAL ANNEX AND EXAMPLES 
503 
Introduction 
Example 1 – Reverse Convertible Note with European Barrier 
Example 2 – Shark 
Example 3 – Credit Linked Note  
2. 
GLOSSARY 
506 
2.1 
Definitions of Price  
Fixed Price; Simple Price; Average Price; Asian Price; Lookback Price. 
2.2 
Definitions of Performance 
Performance 1; Performance 2; Performance 3; Performance 4; Performance 5; Performance 6; 
Performance 7; Performance 8; Basket Performance; Lock-In Performance. 
2.3 
Definitions relating to Interests 
Interest Period(i); Rate(i); Underlying Reference(k); Coupon Condition(i;k); Coupon Valuation Date(i); 
Coupon Valuation Period(i); Coupon Trigger Level(i;k), Conditional Rate(i); Unconditional Rate(i), Index 
Adjusted Rates. 
2.4 
Definitions relating to Payouts 
Indexation; Floor; Cap; Weight(k); Final Redemption Level; Redemption Rate(k); Unwind costs. 
2.5 
Other definitions 
Minimum Level; Maximum Level; Leverage. 
3. 
INTERESTS 
513 
3.1 
Type of Coupon 
Fixed Rate; Floating Rate; Fixed to Structured Rate; Participative Coupon; Internal Rate of Return 
Coupon. 
3.2 
Terms of Payment 
Digital Coupon; Ratchet Coupon; Range Coupon; Multi Range Coupon; Range Accrual Coupon; 
Multi Range Accrual Coupon; Floater Coupon; Combination Floater Coupon; Target Coupon; Reverse 
Floater Target Coupon; Forward Floater Coupon A; Forward Floater Coupon B; Forward Floater 
Coupon C; Forward Floater Coupon D; Vol Bond; Lock-In Coupon; Conditional Coupon; Conditional

--- Page 502 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
502 
 
 
Coupon With Lock-In; Conditional Coupon With Memory Effect; Capitalized Coupon; Graded Rate 
Coupon. 
3.3 
Provisions relating to averaging. 
4. 
PAYOUTS 
524 
4.1 
Payouts applicable to all Notes except Credit Linked Notes or Bond Linked Notes 
Reverse Convertible (Reverse Convertible with European Barrier & Reverse Convertible With 
American Barrier); Generic Reverse with European Barrier ; Generic Short Call Spread ; Lock-In 
;Autocall (Autocall With European Barrier & Autocall With American Barrier); Callable Stability; 
Call; Bonus Certificate (Bonus Certificate With European Barrier & Bonus Certificate With American 
Barrier); Shark; Himalaya; Ladder Call Spread, Mountain Range, Parachute A, Parachute B, 
Dispersion. 
4.2 
Provisions relating to averaging 
4.3 
Payouts applicable to Credit Linked Notes 
Credit Linked Notes Early Redeemed; Credit Linked Notes Redeemed at Maturity; Guaranteed Credit 
Linked Notes; Basket/Index Credit Linked Notes; Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes; Leverage 
Basket/Index Credit Linked Notes; nth to Default Credit Linked Notes Early Redeemed; nth to Default 
Credit Linked Notes Redeemed at Maturity; Generic Reverse with European Barrier ; Generic Short 
Call Spread. 
4.4 
Payouts applicable to Bond Linked Notes 
Bond Linked Notes Redeemed at Maturity; Guaranteed Bond Linked Notes; Basket Bond Linked 
Notes.

--- Page 503 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
503 
 
 
TECHNICAL ANNEX 
Provisions relating to Interests and Payouts 
1. 
INTRODUCTION TO THE TECHNICAL ANNEX AND EXAMPLES 
Introduction 
This Technical Annex contains the calculation Formulae (each a Formula) used to determine the 
Interest Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Amount payable under a Note. 
The first section contains a glossary (Glossary) in which certain terms used in the Formulae described 
below are defined. 
The second section (Interests) describes the type of interests that may be paid under a Note and the 
applicable Formula used to determine those interests. In relation to a Note that bears interest, two 
elements are to be considered: firstly, the "Type of Coupon", as defined in 3.1 below, refers to the 
form of Coupon that can be paid (e.g. fixed or floating rate that can be indexed on various Underlying 
References); secondly, the "Terms of Payment", as defined in 3.2 below, describe the conditions that 
can apply to the payment of the Coupon if so specified in the applicable Formula and Final Terms. 
The interests paid under a Note can be calculated by combination of a Type of Coupon with one or 
several Term(s) of Payment. 
The third section (Payouts) identifies all the ways in which the principal of a Note can be redeemed 
on the relevant repayment date. Paragraph 4.1 describes the Payouts that may apply to all types of 
Notes except Credit Linked Notes and Bond Linked Notes. Paragraph 4.3 describes the Payouts that 
may apply to Credit Linked Notes. Paragraph 4.4 describes the Payouts that may apply to Bond Linked 
Notes. 
In case of any discrepancy between the provisions set out in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and this Technical Annex, the Technical Annex shall prevail. 
Examples 
Three examples of Notes that the Issuer may issue under the Programme are described below.  
All capitalised terms used have the meaning given to them in this Technical Annex or, as the case may 
be, in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". 
Example 1 - Reverse Convertible Note with European Barrier 
Characteristics 
Issue Date: 
 
 
5 August 2013 
Maturity Date:  
 
5 August 2014 
Initial Observation Date:  
5 August 2013 
Final Observation Date:  
1 August 2014 
Relevant Time:  
 
Closing time on the relevant Exchange 
Underlying Reference:  
Shares of VALLOUREC SA (Bloomberg code: VK FP Equity)

--- Page 504 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
504 
 
 
Settlement:  
 
 
physical 
Interest Amount:  
 
fixed coupon equal to 8% of Specified Denomination 
Knock-In Event:  
the Price of the Underlying Reference observed at the Relevant Time 
on the Final Observation Date is lower than the Knock-In Price. 
Knock-In Price:  
 
60% of the Initial Price. 
Initial Price:  
Simple Price of the Underlying Reference on the Initial Observation 
Date. 
Indexation: 
1 (one) 
Interests 
On the Maturity Date, a Fixed Coupon Amount is paid without any condition equal to: 
8% x Specified Denomination. 
Principal 
If no Knock-In Event has occurred, the Notes will be redeemed according to the following formula: 
Specified Denomination x Final Redemption Level 
Otherwise, as the Notes are physically settled, the Notes will be redeemed in shares of the Underlying 
Reference according to the following formula: 
𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛
𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 × 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 
Any fraction of a share being paid in cash. 
Example 2 - Shark Note 
Characteristics 
Issue Date: 
 
 
5 August 2013 
Maturity Date:  
 
5 August 2016 
Initial Observation Date:  
5 August 2013 
Final Observation Date: 
13 August 2016 
Relevant Time:  
 
closing time on the relevant Exchange 
Underlying Reference:  
DJ Eurostoxx Index (Bloomberg code: SX5E Index) 
Settlement:  
 
 
cash 
Interest Amount:  
 
not applicable

--- Page 505 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
505 
 
 
Knock-Out Event:  
the level of the Underlying Reference observed at the Relevant Time 
on the Final Observation Date is lower than the Knock-Out Price. 
Knock-Out Price:  
 
120% of the Initial Price. 
Initial Price:  
Simple Price of the Underlying Reference on the Initial Observation 
Date. 
Rebate:  
 
 
5% 
Interests 
The Note does not bear interests. 
Principal 
On the Maturity Date, if the Simple Price of the Underlying Reference observed on the Final 
Observation Date is strictly greater than the Knock-Out Price, a Knock-Out Event will be deemed to 
have occurred and the Note is redeemed according to the following Formula:  
Specified Denomination x (Final Redemption Level + Rebate) 
Otherwise, the Note will be redeemed in cash according to the following Formula:  
Specified Denomination x [1 + Performance] 
With: 
𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒= 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒
 
The Performance is subject to a Minimum Level of zero. 
Example 3 – Credit Linked Note  
Characteristics 
Issue Date:  
 
 
20 June 2013 
Maturity Date:  
 
20 June 2016 
Underlying Reference:  
Rallye SA 
Knock-Out Event:  
at least one of the three Credit Events happens on the Reference 
Entity between the Issue Date and the Maturity Date: 
 
Failure to Pay 
 
Bankruptcy 
 
Restructuring

--- Page 506 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
506 
 
 
Interests 
In the absence of a Knock-Out Event on the Reference Entity, a yearly coupon is paid according to the 
following formula: 
Specified Denomination x 3.70% x Nb days/365 
The scheduled Coupon Payment Dates are: 
 
Coupon Payment Dates 
Nb days 
20 June 2014 
365 
22 June 2015 
367 
20 June 2016 
364 
Principal 
In the absence of a Knock-Out Event, the Note is redeemed at its Specified Denomination 
If a Knock-Out Event took place, the Note is redeemed according to the following Formula: 
Specified Denomination x Recovery Rate 
In the case where a Knock-Out Event occurred, the Redemption will take place on the Maturity Date. 
2. 
GLOSSARY 
2.1 
Definitions of Price 
Price means the value of the relevant Underlying Reference or Underlying References determined 
according to one of the methods defined in this section 2.1 and as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Price can be expressed in the relevant Final Terms as an Initial Price, Intermediate Price or Final 
Price and if so specified in the Final Terms, can be converted at the exchange rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent and on the Exchange Dates specified in the Final Terms.  
The Price can be subject to a Cap (i.e. Maximum Level), a Floor (i.e. Minimum Level) or a Leverage 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Initial Price means the Price determined by using one or more of the methods described below on the 
relevant Initial Observation Date(s) or during the relevant Initial Observation Period(s). 
Intermediate Price means the Price determined by using one or more of the methods described below 
on the relevant Intermediate Observation Date(s) or during the relevant Intermediate Observation 
Period(s). 
Final Price means the Price determined by using one or more of the methods described below on the 
relevant Final Observation Date (s) or during the relevant Final Observation Period(s). 
These Prices (Initial Price, Intermediate Price and Final Price) can be determined by using one or more 
of the following methods i.e. the methods can be combined.

--- Page 507 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
507 
 
 
When the word "Price" is used in the formulas and definitions below, it can refer to all definitions of 
Price covered in this section. For example, we can calculate a Lookback Price which would be the 
minimum value of several Average Prices. 
 
Fixed Price means an absolute value defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Simple Price means an amount determined in accordance with the following Formula: 
Price of the Underlying Reference observed on the relevant Observation Date(s) or during 
the relevant Observation Period(s) on the Relevant Exchange or Relevant Screen Page 
 
Average Price means the weighted average of the Prices observed on one or more 
Observation Date(s) or during one or more Observation Period(s). In this case, the Prices are 
observed jointly as part of a basket (there can however be more than one basket). The Average 
Price is calculated in accordance with the following Formula: 
∑W(i) × Price(i)
m
i=1
 
With: 
m = number of components in each basket. 
W(i) = weighting of the ith component of the basket specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a component can be defined as a single Underlying Reference or 
a combination of Underlying References. 
For the avoidance of doubt, each of the Prices(i) as well as the Average Price can be subject to 
a Cap, a Floor and a Leverage. 
 
Asian Price means the weighted average of the Prices observed on the relevant Observation 
Dates or during the relevant Observation Period(s). However, in this case, the weightings 
relate rather to a period than to a basket component. The Asian Price is determined in 
accordance with the following Formula: 
∑W(t) × Price(t)
m
t=1
 
If the Observation Dates or Observation Periods are equally-weighted, the formula can be 
expressed as: 
1
m ∑𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒(𝑡)
𝑚
𝑡=1
 
With: 
m = number of relevant Observation Date(s) or Observation Period(s). 
W(t) = weighting of the tth date or period specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 508 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
508 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, each of the Prices(t) as well as the Asian Price can be subject to a 
Cap, a Floor and a Leverage. 
 
Lookback Price means the minimum or maximum (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) of the Prices observed during one or more Observation Period(s) or on one or more 
Observation Date(s). It can be determined in accordance with either of the following Formulas 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms:  
Min (Prices(i)) 
Max (Prices(i)) 
Max means that the considered value is the highest value of all Prices(i). 
Min means that the considered value is the lowest value of all Prices(i). 
For the avoidance of doubt, each of the Prices(i) as well as the Lookback Price can be subject 
to a Cap, a Floor and a Leverage. 
Observation Date means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final 
Terms, or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following 
Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", 
"Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the definition 
of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
"Averaging Date" were to "Observation Date". 
Observation Period means the period specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Initial Observation Date(s) means the first Observation Date(s) as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Final Observation Date(s) means the last Observation Date(s) as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Intermediate Observation Date(s) means the Observation Date(s) that are neither Initial 
Observation Date(s) nor Final Observation Date(s). 
2.2 
Definitions of Performance 
The Performance and all of its components can always be subject to a Minimum Level(i), a Maximum 
Level(i) and a Leverage(i). Performance can refer to one or more of the following notions (the notions 
can be combined): 
 
Performance 1: means an amount determined in accordance with the following Formula in 
relation to a single entity Underlying Reference or a basket for which the Final Price and the 
Initial Price can be determined by using the methods described in the "Definitions of Price" 
paragraph: 
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒
 
 
Performance 2: means an amount determined in accordance with the following Formula in 
relation to a single entity Underlying Reference or a basket for which the Final Price and the

--- Page 509 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
509 
 
 
Initial Price can be determined by using the methods described in the "Definitions of Price" 
paragraph: 
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒−𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒
 
 
Performance 3: means an amount determined in accordance with the following Formula in 
relation to a single entity Underlying Reference or a basket for which the Final Price and the 
Initial Price can be determined by using the methods described in the "Definitions of Price" 
paragraph: 
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒
 
 
Performance 4: means an amount determined in accordance with the following Formula in 
relation to a single entity Underlying Reference or a basket for which the Final Price and the 
Initial Price can be determined by using the methods described in the "Definitions of Price" 
paragraph: 
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒−𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒
 
 
Performance 5: means an amount determined in accordance with the following Formula in 
relation to a single entity Underlying Reference or a basket for which the Final Price and the 
Initial Price can be determined by using the methods described in the "Definitions of Price" 
paragraph: 
1
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒−
1
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 
 
Performance 6: means an amount determined in accordance with the following Formula in 
relation to a single entity Underlying Reference or a basket for which the Final Price and the 
Initial Price can be determined by using the methods described in the "Definitions of Price" 
paragraph: 
1
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒−
1
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 
 
 
Performance 7: means an amount determined in accordance with the following Formula in 
relation to a single entity Underlying Reference or a basket for which the Final Price and the 
Initial Price can be determined by using the methods described in the "Definitions of Price" 
paragraph: 
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 
 
Performance 8: means an amount determined in accordance with the following Formula in 
relation to a single entity Underlying Reference or a basket for which the Final Price and the 
Initial Price can be determined by using the methods described in the "Definitions of Price" 
paragraph: 
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 
 
Basket Performance means an amount determined in accordance with the following Formula 
in relation to an Underlying Reference which is a basket, each of the components being 
represented by a number(i) ranging from 1 to n.

--- Page 510 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
510 
 
 
∑W(K)
𝑛
𝑘=1
× Min (Maximum Component Level(K); Max (Minimum Component Level(K); Component Levereage(K);  Performance_i_(k))) 
With: 
i from 1 to 8 
W(k) = weighting corresponding to the kth basket component specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Each individual weighting can vary across time. 
Minimum Component Level(k) = minimum level corresponding to the kth basket component specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maximum Component Level(k) = maximum level corresponding to the kth basket component 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Component Leverage(k) = leverage corresponding to the kth basket component specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Lock-In Performance 
If the Price(i) or the Performance(i) at a Lock-In Performance Valuation Date(i) satisfies the 
Lock-In Performance Condition(i), then Lock-In Redemption Level(i) is memorized and the 
Performance is defined as the highest of all the memorized Lock-In Redemption Levels(i). 
With: 
Lock-In Performance Valuation Date(i) = the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
corresponding to the date on which the Price or Performance is observed to determine whether it 
satisfies or not the Lock-In Performance Condition(i). 
Lock-In Performance Condition(i) = the condition expressed as strictly greater than OR greater or 
equal to OR strictly less than OR less than or equal to the corresponding Lock-In Performance Trigger 
Level(i). 
Lock-In Performance Trigger Level(i) = the value specified in the applicable Final Terms. It can be 
defined in absolute terms (e.g.: 2,000 points) or relative to a Price (e.g.: 70% of Initial Price). 
Lock-In Redemption Level(i) = percentage of the Specified Denomination specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
2.3 
Definitions relating to Interests 
 
Interest Period(i) 
For a Note with n Interest Periods, the Interest Period(i) is the ith Interest Period. 
 
Rate(i) 
Rate applicable for the Interest Period(i) determined using the "Type of the Coupon" section 
below. 
 
Underlying Reference(k)

--- Page 511 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
511 
 
 
In the case where there are m (m > 1) Underlying References, the Underlying Reference(k) is 
the kth Underlying Reference. 
 
Coupon Condition(i;k) 
The condition specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case where are m Underlying References, the condition is satisfied either if all or only 
some – as specified in the applicable Final Terms – Prices(i;k) of the Underlying References(k) 
are strictly greater than OR greater than or equal to OR strictly less than OR less than or equal 
to – as specified in the applicable Final Terms – their respective Coupon Trigger Level(i;k). 
The condition can be an absolute condition (e.g. 2,500 points) or a relative condition to a Price 
(e.g. greater than 60% of the Simple Price on the Initial Observation Date) or a Performance. 
 
Coupon Valuation Date(i) 
The date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms being the date on which the Price or 
the Performance is observed to determine whether it satisfies or not a given condition. 
 
Coupon Valuation Period(i) 
The period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms being the period during which the 
Price or the Performance is observed to determine whether it satisfies or not a given condition. 
 
Coupon Trigger Level(i;k) 
The value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
It can be defined in absolute terms (e.g.: 2,000 points) or relative to a Price (e.g.: 70% of Initial 
Price) or a Performance. 
 
Conditional Rate(i) 
Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. This is the rate that will be paid if the Coupon 
Condition(i) is met. 
 
Unconditional Rate(i) 
Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. This is the rate that will be paid if the Coupon 
Condition(i) is not met. 
 
Index Adjusted Rates(i)  
Index Adjusted Rates(i) is a type of Rate(i) applicable for the Interest Period(i) determined 
using the "Type of the Coupon" section below.  
 
Index Adjusted Rate(i) or Index_AR(i), as specified in the applicable Final Terms with Index 
AR(i) applicable for the Observation Date(i) calculated according to the following formula 
(the relevant formula being specified in the applicable Final Terms): 
Index_AR(i) = Max[0 ; Index_AR(i-1)*(Rate(i)/Rate(i-1)) - Decrement/Base*ND(i,i-1)]Or

--- Page 512 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
512 
 
 
Index_AR(i) = Index_AR(i-1)*(Rate(i)/Rate(i-1))*[1- Decrement/Base*ND(i,i-1)] 
Or 
Index_AR(i) = Max[ 0 ; Index_AR(i-1)*(Rate(i)/Rate(i-1))*[1- Decrement/Base*ND(i,i-1)] ] 
with:  
Rate(i) = Rate applicable for the Interest Period(i)  
Decrement = the synthetic decrement yield as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Base = number specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
ND(i,i-1) = the actual number of calendar days elapsed between the beginning of the Interest 
Period (i) and the beginning of the Interest Period (i-1).   
2.4 
Definitions relating to Payouts 
 
Indexation 
The percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Floor 
The percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Cap 
The percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Weight (k) 
The percentage related to the Underlying Reference k specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Final Redemption Level 
The level specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Redemption Rate(k) 
The Redemption Rate relative to Reference Entity(k) or Bond(k) as the case may be. It can be 
prefixed (i.e. the value is known before the issue and specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
or defined as a function of the Recovery Rate defined by ISDA (in case of Credit Linked 
Notes) or a function of the Bond Final Value determined by the Calculation Agent (in case of 
Bond Linked Notes).  
The Recovery Rate defined by ISDA is defined via auctions, applicable for credit derivatives 
transaction for the debt securities issued by the Reference Entity allowing to determine the 
amount which would be exchanged according to the Reference Entity Credit Default Swap 
(CDS).  
If no Credit Event or Bond Event, as the case may be, occurred on a Reference Entity(k) or a 
Bond(k), the Redemption Rate(k) is 100%.

--- Page 513 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
513 
 
 
 
Unwind Costs 
Amount determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to the sum (without duplication) of all 
costs, expenses (including loss of funding), tax and duties incurred by the Issuer in connection 
with the redemption of the Notes and the related termination, settlement or re-establishment 
of any hedge or related trading position, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst each 
nominal amount of Notes in the Specified Denomination. 
2.5 
Other definitions 
 
Minimum Level(i) 
The value expressed as such in the applicable Final Terms (which in respect of interests may 
be a Minimum Rate of Interest). 
 
Maximum Level(i) 
The value expressed as such in the applicable Final Terms (which in respect of interests may 
be a Maximum Rate of Interest). 
 
Leverage 
The value expressed as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
3. 
INTERESTS 
This Part 3 of the Technical Annex applies to all Notes and Underlying References. 
The applicable type of Coupon chosen from the list below will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
The payment of such Coupon may also be subject to the Terms of Payment specified in the 3.2 below. 
The Coupon may be calculated by combination of a Type of Coupon with one or several Term(s) of 
Payment. 
3.1 
Type of Coupon 
The type of the Coupon can vary over time and/or can be combined i.e. more than one Type of Notes 
can apply during a single period if and as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Fixed Rate 
Please refer to the Condition 4.1 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
Floating Rate 
Please refer to the Condition 4.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
Fixed to Floating Rate 
Please refer to the Condition 4.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
Fixed or Floating or Zero Coupon to Structured Rate

--- Page 514 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
514 
 
 
Please refer to the Condition 4.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
Combined Rate 
Please refer to the Condition 4.5 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
 
Participative Coupon 
A Participative Coupon provides that the Notes pay a specified Interest Amount calculated 
using a Performance specified in the applicable Final Terms and equal to: 
Margin(i) + Performance(i) 
For each period, the relevant rate can always be subject to a Minimum Level(i), a Maximum 
Level(i) and a Leverage(i). 
Margin(i): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Internal Rate of Return Coupon 
An Internal Rate of Return Coupon provides that the Notes pay a specified Interest Amount 
calculated using an internal rate of return. 
The relevant rate for the period(i) is equal to: 
(Margin(i) + Performance(i) + 1)^1/T(i) – 1For each period, the relevant rate can always be 
subject to a Minimum Level(i), a Maximum Level(i) and a Leverage(i). 
Margin(i): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
T(i): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
3.2 
Terms of Payment 
The following Terms of Payment are applicable to the Coupons defined in the paragraph "Type of 
Coupon" and can be cumulative and vary throughout the lifetime of the Notes. 
The applicable Final Terms may specify that the Term of Payment paragraphs described hereunder 
can apply only if the Underlying Reference is a basket or only if it is a single entity.  
Otherwise (i.e. in the absence of any specification), without any specification, it is applicable in both 
cases (i.e. whether the Underlying Reference is a single entity or a basket). Thus, for the avoidance of 
any doubt, if the subscript "k" appears in a Term of Payment paragraph and if the Underlying 
Reference is a single entity, the subscript should be omitted. 
 
Digital Coupon 
A Digital Coupon provides that for each Interest Period(i), the Note pays an Interest Amount(i) 
calculated using the Digital Conditional Rate(i) if a specified Coupon Condition(i) is met. If the 
Coupon Condition(i) is not met, then the Note pays an Interest Amount(i) calculated using the 
Digital Unconditional Rate(i). 
The relevant rate for the period is determined by observing the Rate(i) together with the Coupon 
Condition(i) specified both in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 515 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
515 
 
 
If the Coupon Condition(i) is satisfied on the Coupon Valuation Date(i) or during the Coupon 
Valuation Period(i), as applicable, then: 
Applicable rate for the Interest Period(i) = Digital Conditional Rate(i) 
If the Coupon Condition(i) is not satisfied on the Coupon Valuation Date(i) or during the 
Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable, then: 
Applicable rate for the Interest Period(i) = Digital Unconditional Rate(i) 
For each period, the relevant rate can always be subject to a Minimum Level(i), a Maximum 
Level(i) and a Leverage(i). 
With: 
Digital Conditional Rate(i) = the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. This is the rate 
that will be paid if the Coupon Condition(i) is met. 
Digital Unconditional Rate(i) = the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. This is the 
rate that will be paid if the Coupon Condition(i) is not met. 
 
Ratchet Coupon 
A Ratchet Coupon provides that for each Interest Period(i) – other than the first Interest Period 
– the Note pays an Interest Amount(i) calculated using a rate which cannot be less than the rate 
used to determine the Coupon for the previous Interest Period(i – 1). 
The applicable rate for the period(i) is equal to:  
Max(Rate(i) ; Rate(i-1)) 
Rate(i-1) shall be determined in accordance with the Type of Coupon section and, as the case 
may be, the Terms of Payment as specified in the Final Terms. 
For each period, the relevant rate can always be subject to a Minimum Level(i), a Maximum 
Level(i) and a Leverage(i). 
 
Range Coupon 
Applicable if there is only one Underlying Reference. 
A Range Coupon provides that for each Interest Period(i), the Note pays an Interest Amount(i) 
if the Price(i) or the Performance(i) of the Underlying Reference, at the Relevant Time, on the 
relevant Coupon Valuation Date(i) or during the relevant Coupon Valuation Period(i), is within 
or equal to the Lower Barrier(i) and the Upper Barrier(i). 
The applicable rate for the period is equal to:  
Rate(i) 
For each period, the relevant rate can always be subject to a Minimum Level(i), a Maximum 
Level(i) and a Leverage(i). 
With:

--- Page 516 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
516 
 
 
Lower Barrier(i) = value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Upper Barrier(i) = value specified in the applicable Final Terms.    
 
Multi Range Coupon 
Applicable if there are m Underlying References(k). 
A Multi Range Coupon provides that for each Interest Period(i), the Note pays an Interest 
Amount(i) only if all or only some of – as specified in the applicable Final Terms – the Prices(i;k) 
or the Performances (i;k) of the m Underlying References(k), at the Relevant Time, on the 
relevant Coupon Valuation Date(i) or during the relevant Coupon Valuation Period(i), are 
within or equal to their respective Lower Barrier(i,k) and Upper Barrier(i;k). 
If the condition described hereunder is satisfied, the applicable rate for the period is equal to:  
Rate(i) 
For each period, the relevant rate can always be subject to a Minimum Level(i), a Maximum 
Level(i) and a Leverage(i). 
With: 
Lower Barrier(i;k) = value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Upper Barrier(i;k) = value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Range Accrual Coupon 
Applicable if there is only one Underlying Reference. 
A Range Accrual Coupon provides that for each Interest Period(i), the Note pays an Interest 
Amount(i) weighted by the number of calendar days in the Interest Period(i) when the Price(i) 
or the Performance (i) of the Underlying Reference, at the Relevant Time, is within or equal to 
the Lower Barrier(i) and the Upper Barrier(i). 
If the condition described hereunder is satisfied, the applicable rate for the period is equal to:  
Rate(i) x n/N 
For each period, the relevant rate can always be subject to a Minimum Level(i), a Maximum 
Level(i) and a Leverage(i). 
With: 
n: actual number of calendar days in the Interest Period for which the Price or the Performance 
of the Underlying Reference, at the Relevant Time, is within or equal to the Lower Barrier 
and Upper Barrier. 
N: actual number of calendar days in the Interest Period 
Lower Barrier(i): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Upper Barrier(i): value specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 517 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
517 
 
 
 
Multi Range Accrual Coupon 
Applicable if there are m Underlying References(k). 
A Multi Range Accrual Coupon provides that for each Interest Period(i), the Notes pay an 
Interest Amount(i) weighted by the number of calendar days in the Interest Period(i) when the 
Prices(i;k) or the Performances(i;k) of all of or only some of the m Underlying References(k) – as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms – at the Relevant Time are within or equal to their 
respective Lower Barrier(i;k) and Upper Barrier(i;k). 
If the condition described hereunder is satisfied, the applicable rate for the period is equal to:  
Rate(i) x n/N 
For each period, the relevant rate can always be subject to a Minimum Level(i), a Maximum 
Level(i) and a Leverage(i). 
With: 
n: actual number of calendar days in the Interest Period for which all of or only some of the 
Prices or the Performances of the Underlying References, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, are within or equal to their respective Lower Barrier and Upper Barrier. 
N: actual number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period. 
Lower Barrier(i;k): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Upper Barrier(i;k): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Floater Coupon 
A Floater Coupon provides that for each Interest Period(i), the Note pays an Interest Amount(i) 
equal to the Price(i) or Performance (i) of the Underlying Reference. 
The applicable rate for the relevant period is equal to:  
Rate(i) = Margin(i) + Leverage(i) * Price(i) or Performance (i) 
For each period, the relevant rate can always be subject to a Minimum Level(i), a Maximum 
Level(i) and a Leverage(i). 
With: 
Margin(i): value specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
Leverage(i): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Combination Floater Coupon 
A Combination Floater Coupon provides that for each Interest Period(i), the Note pays an 
Interest Amount(i) equal to the sum of the Prices(i;k) or Performances (i;k) of m Underlying 
References. 
The applicable rate for the relevant period is equal to:

--- Page 518 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
518 
 
 
Rate(i) = Margin(i) + ∑(k=1 to m) Leverage(i;k) * Price(i;k) or Performance(i;k) 
For each period, the relevant rate can always be subject to a Minimum Level(i), a Maximum 
Level(i) and a Leverage(i). 
With: 
Margin(i): value specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
Leverage(i;k): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Target Coupon 
A Target Coupon provides that for each Interest Period(i), the Note pays an Interest Amount(i) 
calculated using the appropriate Rate(i). If the sum of the Coupons paid reaches the Target 
Percentage(i) times the Specified Denomination, the Note is redeemed early on the Automatic 
Early Redemption Date(i) at the Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i), otherwise the Note 
remains in existence. 
The applicable rate for the period is equal to:  
Rate(i) 
If the sum of the Coupons paid on a Note since the Issue Date is equal to the Target 
Percentage(i) times the Specified Denomination, the Note is redeemed early on the Automatic 
Early Redemption Date(i) at the Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i), otherwise the Note 
remains in existence. 
For each period, the relevant rate can always be subject to a Minimum Level(i), a Maximum 
Level(i) and a Leverage(i). 
With: 
Target Percentage(i): percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. This value can be 
different for each Interest Period(i). 
 
Reverse Floater Target Coupon 
A Reverse Floater Target Coupon provides that for each Interest Period(i), the Notes pay an 
Interest Amount(i) calculated using a rate equal to a fixed rate minus the Rate(i). If the sum of 
the Coupons paid reaches the Target Percentage(i) times the Specified Denomination, the Note 
is redeemed early on the Automatic Early Redemption Date(i) at the Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount(i), otherwise the Note remains in existence. 
The applicable rate for the period is equal to:  
Fixed Rate(i) – Rate(i) 
If the sum of the Coupons paid on a Note since the Issue Date is equal to the Target 
Percentage(i) times the Specified Denomination; the Note is redeemed early on the Automatic 
Early Redemption Date(i) at the Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i), otherwise the Note 
remains in existence. 
For each period, the relevant rate can always be subject to a Minimum Level(i), a Maximum 
Level(i) and a Leverage(i).

--- Page 519 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
519 
 
 
With: 
Fixed Rate(i): percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. This value can be different 
for each Interest Period(i). 
Target Percentage(i): percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Forward Floater Coupon A 
A Forward Floater Coupon A provides that for each Interest Period(i), the Note pays an Interest 
Amount(i) equal to: 
DV01(X)y * Rate(x) - DV01(Z)y  * Rate(z)
DV01(X)y  - DV01(Z)y 
 + Margin(i) 
For each period, the relevant Interest Amount(i) can always be subject to a Minimum Level(i), 
a Maximum Level(i) and a Leverage(i). 
With: 
Margin(i): value specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
Maximum Level(i): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Minimum Level(i): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Leverage(i;k): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rate(x): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rate(z): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
DV01(X)y   
= 
∑
1
(1+Rate(x))𝑗
𝑋
𝑗=1
 
DV01(Z)y 
= 
∑
1
(1+Rate(z))𝑗
𝑍
𝑗=1
 
 
Forward Floater Coupon B 
A Forward Floater Coupon B provides that for each Interest Period(i), the Note pays an Interest 
Amount(i) equal to:  
Rate(X) + Rate(X) x (1 + Rate(X))^T – Rate(Y) x (1 + Rate(Y))^T’ + Margin(i) 
For each period, the relevant Interest Amount(i) can always be subject to a Minimum Level(i), 
a Maximum Level(i) and a Leverage(i). 
With: 
Margin(i): value specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 520 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
520 
 
 
Maximum Level(i): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Minimum Level(i): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Leverage(i;k): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rate(X): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rate(Y): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
T: value specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
T’: value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Forward Floater Coupon C 
A Forward Floater Coupon provides that for each Interest Period(i), the Note pays an Interest 
Amount(i) equal to:  
 
MAX [MULTI1 *  DV01(X)y, MULT2 * DV01(Z)y] * Rate(x) - DV01(Z)y  * Rate(z)
MAX [MULTI3 * DV01(X)y, MULT4 * DV01(Z)y] - DV01(Z)y 
 + Margin(i)  
For each period, the relevant Interest Amount(i) can always be subject to a Minimum Level(i), 
a Maximum Level(i) and a Leverage(i). 
With: 
Margin(i): value specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
Maximum Level(i): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Minimum Level(i): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Leverage(i): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
MULTI1: value specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
MULTI2: value specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
MULTI3: value specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
MULTI4: value specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
 
DV01(X)y   
= 
∑
1
(1+Rate(x))𝑗
𝑋
𝑗=1
 = 
1- (1+Rate(x))−𝑋
Rate(x)
 
DV01(Z)y 
= ∑
1
(1+Rate(z))𝑗
𝑍
𝑗=1
 = 
1- (1+Rate(z))−𝑍
Rate(z)
 
Rate(X): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rate(Z): value specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 521 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
521 
 
 
 
Forward Floater Coupon D 
A Forward Floater Coupon provides that for each Interest Period(i), the Note pays an Interest 
Amount(i) equal to:  
Rate(X) + [Rate(X) – Rate(Z)] x 
DV01(Z)y  
DV01(X)y, -  DV01(Z)y  + Margin(i) 
For each period, the relevant Interest Amount(i) can always be subject to a Minimum Level(i), 
a Maximum Level(i) and a Leverage(i). 
With: 
Margin(i): value specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
Maximum Level(i): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Minimum Level(i): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Leverage(i): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
DV01(X)y   
= 
∑
1
(1+Rate(x))𝑗
𝑋
𝑗=1
 = 
1- (1+Rate(x))−𝑋
Rate(x)
 
DV01(Z)y 
= ∑
1
(1+Rate(z))𝑗
𝑍
𝑗=1
 = 
1- (1+Rate(z))−𝑍
Rate(z)
 
Rate(X): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rate(Z): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
Vol Bond  
A Vol Bond Coupon provides that for each Interest Period(i), the Note pays an Interest 
Amount(i) equal to:  
 
Leverage (i) x |Rate (i-1) – Rate (i)| 
For each period, the relevant Interest Amount(i) can always be subject to a Minimum Level(i) 
and a Maximum Level(i). 
With: 
Maximum Level(i): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Minimum Level(i): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rate(i): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rate (i-1): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Leverage(i): value specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 522 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
522 
 
 
 
Lock-In Coupon 
A Lock-In Coupon provides that for each Interest Period(i), the Note pays an Interest 
Amount(i) determined using one or more of the formulas relative to the Type of Coupon and 
Terms of Payment. 
However, if the Price(i;k) of all or only some – as specified in the applicable Final Terms – 
Underlying References(k) or the Performance(i;k) of all or only some – as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms – Underlying References(k) observed on a Lock-In Coupon Valuation 
Date(i) satisfies once the Lock-In Coupon Condition(i;k), the payment of all the following 
Coupons will be at the specified Lock-In Rate(i). 
For each period, the relevant rate can always be subject to a Minimum Level(i), a Maximum 
Level(i) and a Leverage(i). 
With: 
Lock-In Rate(i): rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lock-In Coupon Condition(i;k): strictly greater than OR greater or equal to OR strictly less 
than OR less than or equal to the corresponding Lock-In Coupon Trigger Level. 
Lock-In Coupon Trigger Level(i;k): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. It can be 
defined in absolute terms (e.g.: 2,000 points) or relative to a Price (e.g.: 70% of Initial Price) 
or a Performance. 
Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date(i): date specified in the applicable Final Terms. Date on 
which the Price or Performance of the Underlying Reference is observed to determine whether 
it satisfies or not the Lock-In Coupon Condition. 
 
Conditional Coupon 
A Conditional Coupon provides that for each Interest Period(i), the Note pays an Interest 
Amount(i) only if for all Underlying References(k) or only for some Underlying References(k) 
– as specified in the applicable Final Terms –, the Price(i;k) of Underlying Reference(k) or the 
Performance(i;k) of Underlying Reference(k) satisfies a given Coupon Condition(i;k). 
If on a Coupon Valuation Date(i), the Prices(i;k) of all or only some – as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms – Underlying References(k) or the Performances(i;k) of all or only some 
– as specified in the applicable Final Terms – Underlying References(k) satisfy the Coupon 
Condition(i;k),the applicable Rate(i) for the period is equal to the Conditional Rate(i) defined in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
Otherwise the applicable rate is the Unconditional Rate(i) defined in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
For each period, the relevant rate can always be subject to a Minimum Level(i), a Maximum 
Level(i) and a Leverage(i). 
 
Conditional Coupon With Lock-In 
A Conditional Coupon With Lock-In provides that for each Interest Period(i), the Note pays an 
Interest Amount(i) only if for all Underlying References(k) or only for some Underlying 
References(k) – as specified in the applicable Final Terms –, the Price(i;k) of Underlying

--- Page 523 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
523 
 
 
Reference(k) or the Performance(i;k) of Underlying Reference(k) satisfies a given Coupon 
Condition(i;k). 
However, if the Price(i;k) of all or only some – as specified in the applicable Final Terms – 
Underlying References(k) or the Performance(i;k) of all or only some – as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms – Underlying References(k) observed on a Lock-In Coupon Valuation 
Date(i) satisfied once the Lock-In Coupon Condition(i;k), the payment of all the following 
Coupons are guaranteed at the specified Conditional Rate(i). 
All the provisions described above regarding a Conditional Coupon apply, adding that, if the 
Prices(i;k) of all or only some – as specified in the applicable Final Terms – Underlying 
References(k) or the Performances(i;k) of all or only some – as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms – Underlying References(k) at a Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date(i) satisfy the Lock-In 
Coupon Condition(i;k), then the applicable rate for the period is equal to the Conditional Rate(i) 
defined in the applicable Final Terms and the payments of all the following Coupons are 
guaranteed at the specified Conditional Rate(i). 
Otherwise, the mechanism of the Conditional Coupon applies and the applicable rate is the 
Unconditional Rate(i) defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
For each period, the relevant rate can always be subject to a Minimum Level(i), a Maximum 
Level(i) and a Leverage(i). 
With: 
Lock-In Coupon Condition(i;k): strictly greater than OR greater or equal to OR strictly less 
than OR less than or equal to the corresponding Lock-In Coupon Trigger Level. 
Lock-In Coupon Trigger Level(i;k): value specified in the applicable Final Terms. It can be 
defined in absolute terms (e.g.: 2,000 points) or relative to a Price (e.g.: 70% of Initial Price) 
or a Performance. 
Lock-In Coupon Valuation Date(i): date specified in the applicable Final Terms. Date on 
which the Price or Performance of the Underlying Reference is observed to determine whether 
it satisfies or not the Lock-In Coupon Condition. 
 
Conditional Coupon With Memory Effect 
A Conditional Coupon With Memory Effect provides that for each Interest Period(i), the Note 
pays an Interest Amount(i) only if for all Underlying References(k) or only for some Underlying 
References(k) – as specified in the applicable Final Terms –, the Price(i;k) of Underlying 
Reference(k) or the Performance(i;k) of Underlying Reference(k) satisfies a given Coupon 
Condition(i;k). 
However, a Coupon which has not been paid because a relevant Coupon Condition(i;k) has not 
been satisfied, is memorized and can be paid later if the applicable Coupon Conditions(i;k) are 
satisfied in the future. 
All the provisions described above regarding a Conditional Coupon apply, except that the 
relevant Rate(i) for the period is equal to 
∑
𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑘)
𝑚
𝑘=1
 = ∑
𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖) 𝑟𝑒𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑣𝑒 𝑡𝑜 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑐𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛𝑠 𝑡ℎ𝑎𝑡 ℎ𝑎𝑣𝑒 𝑏𝑒𝑒𝑛 𝑝𝑎𝑖𝑑
𝑛
𝑖=1

--- Page 524 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
524 
 
 
For each period, the relevant rate can always be subject to a Minimum Level(i), a Maximum 
Level(i) and a Leverage(i). 
 
Capitalized Coupon 
A Capitalized Coupon provides that the Note pays a specified interest aggregated and paid 
only on the Maturity Date. 
In the case "Capitalized Coupon" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Coupons the 
Noteholder is entitled to receive are aggregated and paid only on the Maturity Date. 
 
Graded Rate Coupon 
Applicable if the Note is a Credit Linked Note or a Bond Linked Note. 
A Graded Rate Coupon provides that for each Interest Period(i), the Note pays an Interest 
Amount(i) that can decrease due to the occurrence of a Credit Event on a Reference Entity or 
a Bond Event on a Bond.  
In the case a Credit Event occurs on a Reference Entity(k) or a Bond Event occurs on a Bond(k) 
during the Interest Period(i), the applicable rate for the Interest Period(i) and for all the following 
periods decreases according to a schedule specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
3.3 
Provisions relating to averaging 
Applicable if there are m Underlying References(k). If: 
 
Averaging is specified in the Final Terms in the section "Provisions relating to Interests", 
whether a condition regarding the Interests is satisfied or not should be determined by 
observing the simple or weighted average of the Prices(i;k) or of the Performances(i;k), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Best-Of is specified in the Final Terms in the section "Provisions relating to Interests", whether 
a condition regarding the Interests is satisfied or not should be determined by observing the 
best performing Underlying Reference(k).  
 
Worst-Of is specified in the Final Terms in the section "Provisions relating to Interests", 
whether a condition regarding the Interests is satisfied or not should be determined by 
observing the worst performing Underlying Reference(k).  
4. 
PAYOUTS 
4.1 
Payouts applicable to all Notes except Credit Linked Notes or Bond Linked Notes 
This Part 4.1 of the Technical Annex applies to all Notes, except Credit Linked Notes and Bond Linked 
Notes.  
The Payouts described hereunder apply both where the Underlying Reference is a single entity as well 
as where the Underlying Reference is a basket. For the avoidance of any doubt, if the subscript "k" 
appears in a Payout paragraph and if the Underlying Reference is single, the subscript should be 
omitted. 
REVERSE CONVERTIBLE

--- Page 525 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
525 
 
 
Reverse Convertible with European Barrier 
If no Knock-In Event has occurred, the Notes will be redeemed according to the following Formula:  
Specified Denomination x Final Redemption Level 
Otherwise: 
If the Notes are settled in cash, the Notes will be redeemed according to the following Formula:  
Specified Denomination × (1 + Performance) 
If the Notes are physically settled, the Notes will be redeemed in shares of the Underlying Reference 
according to the following Formula:  
Number of shares (k) per Specified Denomination = Weight (k) * Specified 
Denomination/(Indexation x Initial Price) 
Any fraction of a share being paid in cash. 
Reverse Convertible with American Barrier 
If no Knock-In Event has occurred during the Knock-In Determination Period or if a Knock-In Event 
has occurred and the Final Price of the Underlying Reference is greater than or equal to the Initial 
Price of the Underlying Reference, the Notes will be redeemed according to the following Formula:  
Specified Denomination x Final Redemption Level 
Otherwise:  
If a Knock-In Event has occurred and the Final Price of the Underlying Reference is strictly below the 
Initial Price: 
If the Notes are settled in cash, the Notes will be redeemed according to the following Formula 
Specified Denomination × (1 + Performance) 
If the Notes are physically settled, the Notes will be redeemed in shares of the Underlying Reference 
according to the following Formula:  
Number of shares (k) per Specified Denomination = Weight (k) * Specified Denomination/(Indexation 
x Initial Price) 
Any fraction of a share being paid in cash. 
Generic Reverse with European Barrier 
If no Knock-In Event has occurred, the Notes will be redeemed according to the following Formula:  
Specified Denomination x Final Redemption Level 
Otherwise: 
the Notes will be redeemed according to the following Formula:

--- Page 526 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
526 
 
 
Specified Denomination × MAX [ 1 + Indexation * Min (0, Performance – 1), Floor] 
 
Generic Short Call Spread   
If no Knock-In Event has occurred, the Notes will be redeemed according to the following Formula:  
Specified Denomination x Final Redemption Level 
Otherwise: 
the Notes will be redeemed according to the following Formula:  
Specified Denomination × [ 100% - Min [ 100% , Indexation * Max (0, Performance – 1)]] 
 
Lock-In 
In case of Lock-In coupon (see definition in paragraph 3.2 Terms of Payment)  
If Lock-in Event has occured, the Notes will be redeemed according to the following Formula:  
Specified Denomination x Lock-In Redemption Level 
Otherwise: 
If no Knock-In Event has occurred, the Notes will be redeemed according to the following 
Formula:  
Specified Denomination x Final Redemption Level 
Else  
the Notes will be redeemed according to the following Formula:  
Specified Denomination × MAX [ 1 + Indexation * Min (0, Performance – 1), Floor] 
 
Lock-In Redemption Level is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
AUTOCALL 
Autocall with European Barrier 
Coupons: Paid unless the Notes have been early redeemed (in which case no more Coupons are paid). 
Automatic Early Redemption: If, at any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(i), all of or only 
some of – as specified in the applicable Final Terms – the Intermediate Price(i;k) are greater than or

--- Page 527 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
527 
 
 
equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Price(i;k), the Notes will be automatically redeemed on the 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date(i) at the Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i;k). 
Final Redemption: If the Notes have not been early redeemed: 
If no Knock-In Event has occurred, the Notes will be redeemed according to the following Formula: 
Specified Denomination x Final Redemption Level 
Otherwise: 
If the Notes are settled in cash, the Notes will be redeemed according to the following Formula:  
Specified Denomination × (1 + Performance) 
If the Notes are physically settled, the Notes will be redeemed in shares of the Underlying Reference 
according to the following Formula:  
Number of shares (k) per Specified Denomination = Weight (k) * Specified Denomination/(Indexation 
x Initial Price)Any fraction of a share being paid in cash. 
Autocall with American Barrier 
Coupons: Paid unless the Notes have been early redeemed (in which case no more Coupons are paid). 
Automatic Early Redemption: If, at any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(i), all of or only 
some of – as specified in the applicable Final Terms – the Intermediate Price(i;k) are greater than or 
equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Price(i;k), the Notes will be automatically redeemed on the 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date(i) at the Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i;k). 
Final Redemption: If the Notes have not been early redeemed: 
If no Knock-In Event has occurred or if a Knock-In Event has occurred and the Final Price of the 
Underlying Reference is greater than or equal to the Initial Price of the Underlying Reference, the 
Notes will be redeemed according to the following Formula:  
Specified Denomination x Final Redemption Level 
Otherwise:  
 
If a Knock-In Event has occurred and the Final Price of the Underlying Reference is strictly below the 
Initial Price of the Underlying Reference: 
If the Notes are settled in cash, the Notes will be redeemed according to the following Formula: 
Specified Denomination × (1 + Performance) 
If the Notes are physically settled, the Notes will be redeemed in shares of the Underlying Reference 
according to the following Formula:  
Number of shares (k) per Specified Denomination = Weight (k) * Specified Denomination/(Indexation 
x Initial Price)Any fraction of a share being paid in cash.

--- Page 528 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
528 
 
 
CALLABLE STABILITY 
Coupons: Paid unless a Knock-In Event or Callable Event has occurred (in which case no more 
Coupons are paid). 
Knock-In Event: If, at anytime during the Knock-In Determination Period, all of or only some of – as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms – the Underlying References(k) have once traded below the 
Knock-In Level(k) (continuous observation basis), the Notes will be redeemed as follows: 
If the Notes are settled in cash, the Notes will be redeemed according to the following Formula:  
Specified Denomination × Knock-In Level(k) 
If the Notes are physically settled, the Notes will be redeemed in shares of the Underlying Reference 
according to the following Formula:  
Number of shares (k) per Specified Denomination = Weight (k) * Specified Denomination/(Indexation 
x Initial Price)Any fraction of a share being paid in cash. 
The accrued Coupon will be paid in cash for amount determined as follows: 
Specified Denomination X Rate(i) X D / 360 
Callable Event: 
On each Interest Payment Date(i), the Issuer has the right to redeem the structure, while respecting a 2 
Business Day Notice Period, at the following amount:  
Specified Denomination x [1+ Rate(i) x Nb Days / 360] 
Final Redemption: 
Unless a Knock-In Event or Callable Event has occurred, at anytime during the Observation Period 
(continuous observation basis), the Notes will be redeemed according to the following Formula:  
Specified Denomination x Final Redemption Level 
With: 
Nb Days = The number of days per Interest Period 
D = Number of calendar days from and including the last Interest Payment Date preceding the 
occurrence of the Knock-in Event to but excluding the Early Redemption Date. 
CALL 
If the Notes are settled in cash, the Notes will be redeemed according to the following Formula:  
Specified Denomination x (Indexation + Performance) 
If the Notes are physically settled, the Notes will be redeemed in shares of the Underlying Reference 
according to the following Formula:  
Number of shares (k) per Specified Denomination = Weight (k) * Specified 
Denomination/(Indexation x Initial Price)

--- Page 529 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
529 
 
 
Any fraction of a share being paid in cash. 
BONUS CERTIFICATE 
Bonus Certificate with European Barrier 
If no Knock-In Event has occurred, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date according to the 
following Formula:  
Specified Denomination x (1+Max(Bonus; Performance)) 
Otherwise: 
If the Notes are settled in cash, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date according to the 
following Formula:  
Specified Denomination × (1 +Max(Bonus; Performance)) 
If the Notes are physically settled, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date in shares of the 
Underlying Reference according to the following Formula: 
Number of shares (k) per Specified Denomination = Weight (k) * Specified Denomination/(Indexation 
x Initial Price)Any fraction of a share being paid in cash. 
Bonus = percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Bonus Certificate with American Barrier 
If no Knock-In Event has occurred or if a Knock-In Event has occurred and the Final Price of the 
Underlying Reference is greater than or equal to the Initial Price of the Underlying Reference, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date according to the following Formula:  
Specified Denomination x (1+Max(Bonus; Performance)) 
Otherwise:  
If a Knock-In Event has occurred and the Final Price of the Underlying Reference is strictly below the 
Initial Price of the Underlying Reference: 
If the Notes are settled in cash, the Notes will be redeemed according to the following Formula: 
Specified Denomination × (1 + Performance) 
If the Notes are physically settled, the Notes will be redeemed in shares of the Underlying Reference 
according to the following Formula:  
Number of shares (k) per Specified Denomination = Weight (k) * Specified 
Denomination/(Indexation x Initial Price) 
Any fraction of a share being paid in cash. 
SHARK

--- Page 530 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
530 
 
 
If a Knock-Out Event has occurred, the Notes will be redeemed according to the following Formula:  
Specified Denomination x [Final Redemption Level + Rebate] 
Otherwise, the Notes will be redeemed in cash according to the following Formula:  
Specified Denomination x [1 + Performance] 
Rebate = percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
HIMALAYA 
On Maturity Date, the holder receives a Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the 
following Formula:  
Final Redemption Level x [1 + Max (1/n x ∑ FrozenPerformance(ti); Floor)] 
With: 
Frozen Performance(ti): On each Interest Period(i) the best performing Underlying Reference has its 
performance frozen. 
This frozen Underlying Reference's Performance is not computed anymore in future years. 
n: Number of Underlying References 
LADDER CALL SPREAD 
Lock-In Mechanism: On each Lock-In Ladder Call Spread Valuation Date(i) or during each Lock-In 
Ladder Call Spread Valuation Period(i) as applicable, the Performance(i) is computed or the Price(i) is 
observed as specified in the applicable Final Terms. This Performance(i) or Price(i) is compared to the 
corresponding Lock-In Ladder Call Spread Trigger Level(i). If it is strictly greater than OR greater or 
equal to OR strictly less than OR less than or equal to the corresponding Lock-In Ladder Call Spread 
Trigger Level(i), this Lock-In Ladder Call Spread Trigger Level(i) is locked. On the Final Observation 
Date, the highest Lock-In Ladder Call Spread Trigger Level that has been locked is defined as the 
Final Lock-In Level. 
Final Redemption: If one of the Lock-In Ladder Call Spread Trigger Levels(i) has been reached 
throughout the life of the Notes or if no Knock-In Event has occurred, the Notes are redeemed 
according to the following Formula:  
Specified Denomination x [1+ Max (Min (Cap Level; Performance); Final Lock-In Level) 
Otherwise, the Notes are redeemed according to the following Formula:  
Specified Denomination × (1 + Performance) 
With: 
Lock-In Ladder Call Spread Condition = strictly greater than OR greater or equal to OR strictly 
less than OR less than or equal to the corresponding Lock-In Ladder Call Spread Trigger Level. 
Lock-In Ladder Call Spread Trigger Level = Value specified in the applicable Final Terms. It can 
be defined in absolute terms or relative to a Price or a Performance.

--- Page 531 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
531 
 
 
Lock-In Ladder Call Spread Valuation Date = Specified in the applicable Final Terms. Date on 
which the level of the Underlying Reference is observed to determine whether it satisfies the Lock-In 
Ladder Call Spread Condition.  
Lock-In Ladder Call Spread Valuation Period = Specified in the applicable Final Terms. Period 
during which the level of the Underlying Reference is observed to determine whether it satisfies the 
Lock-In Ladder Call Spread Condition.  
Cap Level = rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
MOUNTAIN RANGE 
Applicable if there are m Underlying References(k) in the Basket / Index. 
If no Knock-In Event has occurred: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination 
If a Knock-In Event has occurred: 
Final Redemption Amount 
= 
𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑥 [100% − 
1
𝐻−𝐿𝑥 𝑀𝑖𝑛 (𝐻−𝐿; 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝑁−𝐿; 0))] 
Where: 
L is the lower level of the Basket /Index - expressed as a number of Knock-In Events - as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
H is the higher level of the Basket /Index - expressed as a number of Knock-In Events - as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.  
N is the number of Knock-In Events that have occurred. 
PARACHUTE A 
If, during the Parachute Valuation Period (i), the Parachute Condition is met, on Maturity Date, the 
Notes will be redeemed according to the following Formula: 
Specified Denomination × Max [[Rebate – Parachute Factor * N]; 0%] 
Else:  
Specified Denomination x Final Redemption Level 
With: 
 
Rebate: value specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
 
 
Parachute Factor: value specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
 
 
Parachute Condition = Underlying Reference strictly greater than OR greater or equal to OR 
strictly less than OR less than or equal to the corresponding Parachute Trigger Level.

--- Page 532 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
532 
 
 
 
Parachute Trigger Level = Value specified in the applicable Final Terms. It can be defined in 
absolute terms or relative to a Price or a Performance.  
 
 
Parachute Valuation Period (i)= Specified in the applicable Final Terms. Period during which 
the level of the Underlying Reference is observed to determine whether it satisfies the Parachute 
Condition.  
 
N: number of days in the Parachute Valuation Period where the Parachute Condition is satisfied. 
 
 
Final Redemption Level: value specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
PARACHUTE B 
If, during the Parachute Valuation Period (i), the Parachute Condition is met, and a Knock-Out Event 
has occurred, the Notes will be redeemed according to the following Formula: 
Specified Denomination × Max [[Rebate – Parachute Factor * N]; 0%] 
Else:  
Specified Denomination x Final Redemption Level 
With: 
 
Rebate: value specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
 
 
Parachute Factor: value specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
 
 
Parachute Condition: Underlying Reference strictly greater than OR greater or equal to OR 
strictly less than OR less than or equal to the corresponding Parachute Trigger Level.  
 
 
Parachute Trigger Level: Value specified in the applicable Final Terms. It can be defined in 
absolute terms or relative to a Price or a Performance.  
 
 
Parachute Valuation Period (i): Specified in the applicable Final Terms. Period during which 
the level of the Underlying Reference is observed to determine whether it satisfies the Parachute 
Condition.  
 
N: number of days in the Parachute Valuation Period where the Parachute Condition is satisfied. 
 
Final Redemption Level: value specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
DISPERSION 
On Maturity Date, the Notes will be redeemed according to the following Formula: 
Specified 
Denomination 
× 
(Rebate 
+ 
Max 
[[
1
m ∑
(| 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 (𝑊_𝑖) −
𝑚
𝑖=1
 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 |)] – Strike; 0%]) 
With: 
 
Rebate: value specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
 
m : number of underlyingss in the Basket 
 
Performance Basket : The performance of the Basket of m underlyings   
 
Performance (W_i) : The performance of the underlying i 
 
Strike: value specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 533 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
533 
 
 
4.2 
Provisions relating to averaging 
In case the Note is indexed on m Underlying References(k), if: 
 
Averaging is specified in the Final Terms in the section "Provisions relating to Payouts", the 
redemption of the Notes and the application of the redemption Formula should be determined 
by observing the simple or weighted average of the Prices(i;k) or of the Performances(i;k) – as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Best-Of is specified in the Final Terms in the section "Provisions relating to Payouts", the 
redemption of the Notes and the application of the redemption Formula should be determined 
by observing the best performing Underlying Reference(k). 
 
Worst-Of is specified in the Final Terms in the section "Provisions relating to Payouts", the 
redemption of the Notes and the application of the redemption Formula should be determined 
by observing the worst performing Underlying Reference(k). 
4.3 
Payouts applicable to Credit Linked Notes 
This Part 4.3 of the Technical Annex applies to Credit Linked Notes only. 
Credit Linked Notes Early Redeemed 
In the absence of a Knock-Out Event: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination 
If a Knock-Out Event took place: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Redemption Rate + Unwind Costs 
In the case where a Knock-Out Event occurred, the redemption will take place 10 Business Days after 
the date on which the Recovery Rate has been determined by ISDA. 
Credit Linked Notes Redeemed at Maturity 
In the absence of a Knock-Out Event: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination 
If a Knock-Out Event took place: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Redemption Rate 
In the case where a Knock-Out Event has not yet occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date 
and the Auction Final Price Determination Date has not yet occurred, then the redemption shall be 
postponed and will take place 10 Business Days after the date on which the Recovery Rate has been 
determined by ISDA. 
Guaranteed Credit Linked Notes 
In the absence of a Knock-Out Event: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x [1 + Rate(i) x Day Count Fraction]

--- Page 534 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
534 
 
 
If a Knock-Out Event took place: 
Final Redemption = Specified Denomination 
Basket/Index Credit Linked Notes 
Applicable if there are m Underlying References(k) in the basket/credit index. In the absence of a 
Knock-Out Event: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination 
If a Knock-Out Event took place: 
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑑𝑒𝑚𝑝𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 =  𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 × 
∑
𝑅𝑒𝑑𝑒𝑚𝑝𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(k)
m
k=1
m
 
In the case where a Knock-Out Event has not yet occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date 
and the Auction Final Price Determination Date has not yet occurred, then the redemption shall be 
postponed and will take place 10 Business Days after the date on which the Recovery Rate has been 
determined by ISDA. 
 
Leverage Basket/Index Credit Linked Notes 
Applicable if there are m Underlying References(k) in the basket/credit index and there is levered 
exposure to the basket / credit index. In the absence of a Knock-Out Event: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination 
If a Knock-Out Event took place: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination * Max [0% ; 100% -
∑
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒 (𝑘)∗(1−𝑅𝑒𝑑𝑒𝑚𝑝𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑘))
m
𝑚
𝑘=1
] 
In the case where a Knock-Out Event has not yet occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date 
and the Auction Final Price Determination Date has not yet occurred, then the redemption shall be 
postponed and will take place 10 Business Days after the date on which the Recovery Rate has been 
determined by ISDA. 
Index Tranche Credit Linked Notes 
Applicable if there are m Underlying References(k) in the index tranche. 
In the absence of a Knock-Out Event: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination 
If a Knock-Out Event took place: 
Final Redemption Amount 
= 
𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 × [100% −
1
𝐻−𝐿∗𝑀𝑖𝑛 (𝐻−𝐿; 𝑀𝑎𝑥 (𝑁−𝐿; 0))]

--- Page 535 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
535 
 
 
Where: 
L is the lower level of the index tranche - expressed as a number of Reference Entities or as a 
percentage of loss - as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
H is the higher level of the index tranche - expressed as a number of Reference Entities or as a 
percentage of loss - as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
N is the number of Reference Entities that have suffered a Credit Event during the Knock-Out Period 
or the percentage of loss of the Index. 
nth to Default Credit Linked Notes Early Redeemed 
Applicable if there are m Underlying References(k) in the basket/credit index 
In the absence of a Knock-Out Event: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination 
If a Knock-Out took place: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Redemption Rate(z) + Unwind costs 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Redemption Rate(z) is the Redemption Rate relating to the zth 
Reference Entity that has undergone a Credit Event, z being a number specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
In the case where a Knock-Out Event occurred, the redemption will take place 10 Business Days after 
the date on which the Recovery Rate has been determined by ISDA. 
nth to Default Credit Linked Notes Redeemed at Maturity 
Applicable if there are m Underlying References(k) in the basket/credit index 
In the absence of a Knock-Out Event: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination 
If a Knock-Out took place: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Redemption Rate(k) 
For the avoidance of any doubt, the Redemption Rate(z) is the Redemption Rate relating to the zth 
Reference Entity that has undergone a Credit Event, z being a number specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
In the case where a Knock-Out Event has not yet occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date 
and the Auction Final Price Determination Date has not yet occurred, then the redemption shall be 
postponed and will take place 10 Business Days after the date on which the Recovery Rate has been 
determined by ISDA. 
4.4 
Payouts applicable to Bond Linked Notes 
This Part 4.4 of the Technical Annex applies to Bond Linked Notes only.

--- Page 536 ---
Technical Annex 
 
 
 
536 
 
 
Bond Linked Notes Redeemed at Maturity 
In the absence of a Knock-Out Event: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination 
If a Knock-Out Event took place: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Redemption Rate 
In the case where a Knock-Out Event occurred, the Redemption will take place on the Maturity Date. 
Guaranteed Bond Linked Notes 
In the absence of a Knock-Out Event: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x [1 + Rate(i) x Day Count Fraction] 
If a Knock-Out Event took place: 
Final Redemption = Specified Denomination 
Basket Bond Linked Notes 
Applicable if there are m Bonds(k) in the basket. In the absence of a Knock-Out Event: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination 
If a Knock-Out Event took place: 
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑑𝑒𝑚𝑝𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 =  𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 × 
∑
Redemption Rate(k)
m
k=1
m

--- Page 537 ---
Use of proceeds 
 
 
 
537 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, 
which include making a profit.

--- Page 538 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
 
 
538 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Information on the Issuer is set out in the Issuer's Document d’enregistrement universel 2022 filed with the 
Autorité des marchés financiers under n° D.23-0274 on 13 April 2023, an English translation of which is 
incorporated herein by reference. (Please refer to the cross reference list on pages 38 to 40).

--- Page 539 ---
Taxation 
 
 
 
539 
 
 
TAXATION 
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE NOTEHOLDERS’ STATE AND OF THE ISSUER’S COUNTRY OF 
INCORPORATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES.  
THE FOLLOWING IS A GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN FRENCH TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
RELATING TO THE NOTES. IT DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OF ALL 
TAX CONSIDERATIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES 
SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISERS AS TO WHICH COUNTRIES’ TAX LAWS COULD 
BE RELEVANT TO ACQUIRING, HOLDING AND DISPOSING OF NOTES AND RECEIVING 
PAYMENTS OF INTEREST, PRINCIPAL AND/OR OTHER AMOUNTS UNDER THE NOTES AND 
THE CONSEQUENCES OF SUCH ACTIONS UNDER THE TAX LAWS OF THOSE COUNTRIES. 
THIS DESCRIPTION IS BASED UPON THE LAW AS IN EFFECT IN FRANCE ON THE DATE OF 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND IS SUBJECT TO ANY CHANGE IN LAW AND/OR 
INTERPRETATION THEREOF THAT MAY TAKE EFFECT AFTER SUCH DATE (POTENTIALLY 
WITH A RETROACTIVE EFFECT). 
Withholding taxes on payments made outside France 
The following is an overview of certain withholding tax consequences in relation to the ownership of the Notes 
that may be relevant to Noteholders who do not hold shares of the Issuer.  
Payments of interest and other revenues made by the Issuer with respect to the Notes will not be subject to the 
withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts unless such payments 
are made outside France in a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non coopératif) within the 
meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts (a Non-Cooperative State) other than 
those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of the same Article 238-0 A. If such payments under the Notes are made outside 
France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French 
Code général des impôts, a 75 per cent. withholding tax will be applicable by virtue of Article 125 A III of the 
French Code général des impôts (subject to certain exceptions and to the more favourable provisions of an 
applicable double tax treaty).  
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French Code général des impôts, interest and other revenues 
with respect to the Notes will not be deductible from the Issuer's taxable income if they are paid or accrued to 
persons domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid to an account held with a financial 
institution established in such a Non-Cooperative State (the Deductibility Exclusion). Under certain 
conditions, any such non-deductible interest and other revenues may be recharacterised as constructive 
dividends pursuant to Articles 109 et seq. of the French Code général des impôts, in which case such non-
deductible interest and other revenues may be subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 119 bis 2 of 
the French Code général des impôts, at (i) a rate of 12.8 per cent. for payments benefiting individuals who are 
not French tax residents, (ii) the standard corporate income tax rate set forth in the second paragraph of Article 
219-I of the French Code général des impôts (i.e. 25 per cent. for fiscal years beginning as from 1 January 
2022) for payments benefiting legal persons who are not French tax residents or (iii) a rate of 75 per cent. for 
payments made outside France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 
238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts (subject to certain exceptions and to the more favourable 
provisions of an applicable double tax treaty).

--- Page 540 ---
Taxation 
 
 
 
540 
 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75 per cent. withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the 
French Code général des impôts nor the Deductibility Exclusion will apply in respect of an issue of Notes if 
the Issuer can prove that the main purpose and effect of such issue of Notes was not that of allowing the 
payments of interest or other revenues to be made in a Non-Cooperative State (the Exception). Pursuant to the 
Bulletin Officiel des Finances Publiques - Impôts BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 and BOI-INT-DG-20-50-20, an 
issue of Notes will benefit from the Exception without the Issuer having to provide any proof of the purpose 
and effect of such issue of Notes, if such Notes are: 
(a) 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier for which the publication of a prospectus is mandatory or pursuant to an equivalent offer 
in a State other than a Non-Cooperative State. For this purpose, an "equivalent offer" means any offer 
requiring the registration or submission of an offer document by or with a foreign securities market 
authority; and/or 
(b) 
admitted to trading on a French or foreign regulated market or multilateral securities trading system 
provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the operation of 
such market is carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider or any other similar 
foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, investment services provider or entity is not 
located in a Non-Cooperative State; and/or  
(c) 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities delivery 
and payment systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators provided that such depositary or 
operator is not located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Withholding taxes on payments made to individuals who are fiscally domiciled in France 
Pursuant to Article 125 A I of the French Code général des impôts (where the paying agent (établissement 
payeur) is established in France), subject to certain exceptions, interest and similar income received by 
individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject to a 12.8 per cent. 
withholding tax, which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which 
the payment has been made. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) are also levied by way of 
withholding at a global rate of 17.2 per cent. on such interest and similar income received by individuals who 
are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France, subject to certain exceptions. 
Transfer tax and other taxes 
The following may be relevant in connection with Notes which may be settled or redeemed by way of physical 
delivery of certain listed shares issued by companies whose registered office is located in France (or certain 
assimilated securities) or securities representing such shares (or assimilated securities). 
The French financial transaction tax provided under Article 235 ter ZD of the French Code général des impôts 
(the French FTT) is applicable, subject to certain exceptions, at a rate of 0.3 per cent to any acquisitions for 
consideration resulting in a transfer of ownership of (i) equity securities (titres de capital) as defined by Article 
L.212-1 A of the French Code monétaire et financier or assimilated equity securities (titres de capital 
assimilés) as defined by Article L.211-41 of the French Code monétaire et financier, provided that they are 
admitted to trading on a regulated market and that they are issued by a company whose registered office is 
located in France and whose market capitalisation exceeds 1 billion Euros on 1 December of the year preceding 
the year in which the imposition occurs (the French Shares) or (ii) securities (titres) representing such French 
Shares (irrespective of the location of the registered office of the issuer of such securities).  
There are a number of exemptions from the French FTT and investors should consult with their counsel to 
identify whether they can benefit from them.

--- Page 541 ---
Taxation 
 
 
 
541 
 
 
If the French FTT applies to an acquisition of French Shares, this transaction is exempt from transfer taxes 
(droits de mutation à titre onéreux) which generally apply at a rate of 0.1 per cent to the sale of shares issued 
by a company whose registered office is located in France, provided that in case of shares listed on a recognised 
stock exchange, transfer taxes are due only if the transfer is evidenced by a written deed or agreement.

--- Page 542 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
 
542 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 21 June 2023, agreed with the Issuer a 
basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement 
will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes". In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has 
agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the update of the Programme 
and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred 
by them in connection therewith. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 1(4) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended 
(the Prospectus Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in a Member State, except that it may, make an 
offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a Non-Exempt Offer), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved 
by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member 
State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus 
has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-Exempt Offer, in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on dates specified in 
such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the 
purpose of that Non-Exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 543 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
 
543 
 
 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the 
Notes. 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and 
regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in France 
of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that:  
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) (the SFO) other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined 
in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous 
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the C(WUMP)O) or which do not constitute an offer 
to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only 
to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made under the SFO. 
India 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in India, by 
means of any document, any Notes in circumstances which would constitute an offering to the public within 
the meaning of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended and the rules framed thereunder, the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended or 
any other applicable law in India; and that any document by means of which it offers the Notes will not be 
generally distributed or circulated in India and will be for the sole consideration and exclusive use of the 
persons permitted to acquire Notes under Indian law to whom it is issued. 
This Base Prospectus and any other offering material or advertisement in connection with the Notes has not 
been, nor will it be, registered, produced or published as an offer document (whether as a prospectus in respect

--- Page 544 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
 
544 
 
 
of a public offer, a statement in lieu of a prospectus or information memorandum, private placement offer cum 
application letter, an offering circular, an offering memorandum or other offering material) in respect of any 
private placement under the Companies Act, 2013, regulations formulated by Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (“SEBI”) or any other applicable Indian laws, with any Registrar of Companies, the SEBI or any 
Indian stock exchange or any other statutory or regulatory body of like nature in India. Further, this Base 
Prospectus has not been and will not be approved or reviewed or authorized by or filed with the Registrar of 
Companies, SEBI or the Reserve Bank of India or any other regulatory authority in India, save and except for 
any information from any part of the Base Prospectus which is mandatorily required to be disclosed or filed in 
India under any applicable Indian laws or pursuant to the sanction of any regulatory or adjudicatory body in 
India. 
Prospective investors must seek legal advice as to whether they are entitled to subscribe to the Notes and must 
comply with all relevant Indian laws in this respect. Each investor is deemed to have acknowledged and agreed 
that it is eligible to invest in the Notes under applicable laws and regulations and that it is not prohibited under 
any law or regulation in India from acquiring, owning or selling the Notes.  
Indonesia 
The Notes have not been offered or sold and will not be offered or sold in Indonesia or to Indonesian nationals, 
corporations or to Indonesian citizens, wherever they are domiciled or to Indonesian residents, including by 
way of invitation, offering or advertisement, and neither the Base Prospectus nor any other offering materials 
relating to the Notes have been distributed, or will be distributed, in Indonesia or to Indonesian nationals, 
corporations or residents in a manner which constitutes a public offering of the Notes under the laws or 
regulations of the Republic of Indonesia.  
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used 
herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws 
of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a 
resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Malaysia 
The Notes may not be offered, sold, transferred or otherwise disposed directly or indirectly, nor may any 
document or other material in connection therewith be distributed, other than to a person to whom an offer or 
invitation to subscribe or purchase the Notes and to whom the Notes are issued would fall within: 
a) Part 1 of Schedule 6 or Section 229(1)(b) and Part 1 of Schedule 7 or Section 230(1)(b) of the Capital 
Market and Services Act 2007 (the CMSA); read together with 
b) Schedule 8 or Section 257(3) of the CMSA, 
as may be amended and/or varied from time to time and subject to any amendments to the applicable laws 
from time to time.  
People's Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or sell

--- Page 545 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
 
545 
 
 
directly or indirectly any of the Notes in the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong Special 
Administrative Region, Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan) (the PRC) as part of the initial 
distribution of the Notes. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer 
to buy any securities in the PRC to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the 
PRC.  
The Issuer does not represent that this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms may be lawfully distributed, or that 
any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in the 
PRC, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such 
distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer which would permit a public 
offering of any Notes or distribution of this document in the PRC. Accordingly, the Notes are not being offered 
or sold within the PRC by means of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other document. Neither this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms, nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or 
published in the PRC, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with all applicable laws and 
regulations in the PRC. 
Republic of Italy  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree) that, unless specified in the relevant Final Terms that a non-exempt offer may 
be made in Italy, ESMA and the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) have not been 
notified in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) and, accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy (Italy), except:  
(i) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
1129 of 14 June 2017 (the Prospectus Regulation) and any applicable provision of Italian laws and 
regulations; or 
(ii) in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
(the Financial Services Act), CONSOB Regulation No.20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from 
time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the Banking Act); and 
b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any 
other Italian authority. 
Please note that in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Italian Financial Services Act, to the extent it is 
applicable, where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies under (i) and (ii)(b) above, the 
subsequent distribution of the Notes on the secondary market in Italy must be made in compliance with the 
public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Prospectus Regulation, the Italian 
Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 11971. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of 
such Notes being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the Notes for any 
damages suffered by the investors.

--- Page 546 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
 
546 
 
 
Republic of Korea 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Investment Services and Capital 
Markets Act. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each new Dealer further appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, 
sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any Notes in Korea or to, or for the account or benefit of any Korean 
resident (as such term is defined in the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law), except as otherwise permitted 
under applicable Korean laws and regulations. Furthermore, each Dealer is aware that a holder of any Notes 
will be prohibited from offering, delivering or selling any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any 
Korean resident for a period of one year from the date of issuance of the Notes, except as otherwise permitted 
by applicable Korean laws and regulations. Each Dealer has further represented that it will take commercially 
reasonable best measures as an underwriter in the ordinary course of its business to prevent any Notes from 
being offered, sold or delivered to any Korean resident within one year from the issuance of the Notes. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and will 
not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute this Base Prospectus or any 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase of 
the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from 
time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 
275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the 
SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, 
and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:  
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or

--- Page 547 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
 
547 
 
 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.  
Certain provisions applicable to Notes issued in Singapore dollars: 
Notes denominated in Singapore dollars and issued to persons in Singapore by a person carrying on a deposit-
taking business (whether in Singapore or elsewhere) with a maturity period of less than 12 months and 
a denomination of less than S$200,000 would be treated as deposits for the purposes of the Banking Act 1970 
of Singapore (the Singapore Banking Act), unless the Notes are issued to certain persons, including either: 
 
(a) 
an individual whose total net personal assets exceed in value S$2 million (or its equivalent in 
foreign currency) at the time of subscription, whose financial assets (net of any related 
liabilities) exceed in value S$1 million (or equivalent in foreign currency) at the time of 
subscription or whose income in the 12 months preceding the time of subscription is not less than 
S$300,000 (or its equivalent in foreign currency); or 
 
(b) 
a company whose total net assets (as determined by the last audited balance-sheet of the 
company) exceeds S$10 million (or its equivalent in foreign currency) at the time of 
subscription. 
 
In determining the value of an individual's total net personal assets for the purposes of paragraph (a) 
above, the value of the individual's primary residence is taken to be the lower of the following: 
 
(i) 
the value calculated by deducting any outstanding amounts in respect of any credit facility that is 
secured by the residence from the estimated fair market value of the residence; and 
 
(ii) 
S$1 million. 
In addition, even where Notes issued in Singapore dollars with a denomination of less than S$200,000 are not 
treated as deposits for the purposes of the Singapore Banking Act, certain additional information is required 
to be furnished to investors in Singapore by an issuer which is carrying on a deposit-taking business. In such 
case, please refer to the applicable Final Terms for such further information. 
Switzerland  
The Dealers have agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will comply with any laws, regulations or guidelines in Switzerland from time to time, including, but 
not limited to, any regulations made by the Swiss National Bank, in relation to the offer, sale, delivery or 
transfer of the Notes or the distribution of any offering material in respect of such Notes. 
Taiwan  
The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered to any person for reoffering, resale or redelivery, in any such 
case directly or indirectly, in Taiwan or to any resident of Taiwan in contravention of any applicable laws. 
Thailand 
This Base Prospectus has not been approved by or filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any 
other regulatory authority of the Kingdom of Thailand. Accordingly, the securities may not be offered or sold, 
or this Base Prospectus distributed, directly or indirectly, to any person in Thailand except under circumstances 
which will result in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the Thai 
government and regulatory authorities in effect at the relevant time.

--- Page 548 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
 
548 
 
 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the 
United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, and 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 549 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
 
549 
 
 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:  
(a) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;  
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and  
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.  
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes 
and the closing date, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any 
Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. Furthermore, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed that neither it, its affiliates, nor any persons acting on any of their behalf, has engaged 
or will engage in any "directed selling efforts" (as defined in Rule 902(c) of Regulation S) with respect to the 
Notes and each of the foregoing persons has complied and will comply with the offering restrictions 
requirement of Regulation S. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether 
TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 550 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
 
550 
 
 
(a) 
In addition in respect of Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any 
successor U.S. Treasury Regulation Section including, without limitation, regulations issued 
in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection 
with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the D Rules), each 
Dealer (i) represents that it has not offered or sold, and agrees that during the restricted period 
it will not offer or sell, Notes in bearer form to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) represents that it has not delivered and agrees 
that it will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Notes in bearer 
form that are sold during the restricted period; 
(ii) 
each Dealer represents that it has and agrees that throughout the restricted period it will have 
in effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are 
directly engaged in selling Notes in bearer form are aware that such Notes may not be offered 
or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(iii) 
if it is a United States person, each Dealer represents that it is acquiring Notes in bearer form 
for purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and if it retains Notes in bearer 
form for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treas. 
Reg. Section l.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 
including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010); and 
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires Notes in bearer form from a Dealer for the purpose 
of offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer repeats and confirms 
the representations and agreements contained in subclauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above on such 
affiliate's behalf. 
Terms used in this subclause (a) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, including the D Rules. 
In respect of Notes where TEFRA C is specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Notes must be issued and 
delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Each Dealer 
represents and agrees that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or 
indirectly, such Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance. 
Further, each Dealer represents and agrees in connection with the original issuance of such Notes that it has 
not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if such 
purchaser is within the United States or its possessions and will not otherwise involve its U.S. office in the 
offer or sale of such Notes. 
Each issuance of Equity Linked Notes or Index Linked Notes shall be subject to such additional U.S. selling 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of the issuance and purchase of such 
Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in

--- Page 551 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
 
551 
 
 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor. The Notes are offered to qualified and non-qualified investors. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 552 ---
General Information 
 
 
 
552 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Authorisation 
No authorisation procedures are required of the Issuer by French law for the update of the Programme.  
To the extent that Notes issued by the Issuer under the Programme may constitute obligations under 
French law, the issue of such Notes has been authorised by a resolution of the Issuer's Conseil 
d'Administration (Board of Directors) dated 23 November 2022 which has delegated to the directeur 
général (managing director), the directeurs généraux adjoints (deputy managing directors) and to the 
directeurs de CIC Marchés having a delegation of power A from the directeur général, all powers to 
decide issues of obligations and assimilated securities for a maximum aggregate nominal amount of 
EUR 15,000,000,000 for a period of one year as from 23 November 2022.  
2. 
Clearing 
The English Law Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The French Law Notes have 
been accepted for clearance through Euroclear France (which is the entity in charge of keeping the 
records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg or Eurcolear France, as the case may be, will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system 
the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brusssels 
and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. The address of Euroclear France is 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
3. 
Approval, listing and admission to trading 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus, in its capacity 
as competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or 
of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid until 21 June 2024. The obligation to supplement the Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not 
apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to 
be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Directive on markets in financial 
instruments (Directive 2014/65/EU).  
In compliance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, application has been made for the delivery 
by the CSSF of a certificate of approval specifying that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation to the (i) Autorité des services et marchés financiers 
(FSMA) in Belgium (ii) the Finanssivalvonta (FIN-FSA) in Finland, (iii) Autorité des marchés 
financiers in France, (iv) the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BAFin) in Germany,

--- Page 553 ---
General Information 
 
 
 
553 
 
 
(v) the Autoriteit financiële markten in The Netherlands, (vi) the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de 
Valores (CNMV) in Spain and (vii) the Finansinspektionen in Sweden.  
4. 
Documents available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available on the website of the Isuer (www.cic.fr): 
(a) 
the Statuts of the Issuer; and 
(b) 
all reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at 
the Issuer’s request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus.  
This Base Prospectus will be published on the websites of (a) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) and (b) the Issuer (www.cic.fr). The documents listed in (i) and (ii) below will be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and of the Issuer 
(https://www.cic.fr/fr/banques/institutionnel/actionnaires-et-investisseurs/programmes-d-
emissions.html and https://www.cic-marketsolutions.eu/fr/kidemtncic.aspx ) and the documents listed 
in (iii) to (iv) on the website of the Issuer (www.cic.fr):  
(i) 
the relevant Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market or any other Regulated Market in the EEA;  
(ii) 
the Base Prospectus, together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus;   
(iii) 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus; and  
(iv) 
the Agency Agreement. 
5. 
Pricing 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.  
6. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the 
basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at 
the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
7. 
Significant or material adverse change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Group 
since 31 December 2022 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
since 31 December 2022.  
8. 
Litigation 
Except as disclosed on page 527 of the 2022 URD, the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is 
or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware in the 12 months preceding 
the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the 
financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group.

--- Page 554 ---
General Information 
 
 
 
554 
 
 
9. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are KPMG S.A., Ernst & Young et Autres and PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Audit, members of the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes. They have audited the 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2022. 
10. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer will not provide any post-issuance information, except if required by any applicable laws 
and regulations. 
11. 
Conflicts of interest 
Where the Issuer acts as Dealer or Calculation Agent or the Calculation Agent or the Dealer is an 
affiliate of the Issuer, potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Dealer or the Calculation 
Agent and Noteholders, including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that the 
Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Notes that may influence the amount receivable or 
specified assets deliverable on redemption of the Notes. 
The Issuer and any Dealer may at the date hereof or at any time hereafter, be in possession of 
information in relation to an Underlying Reference that is or may be material in the context of the 
Notes and may or may not be publicly available to Noteholders. There is no obligation on the Issuer 
or any Dealer to disclose to Noteholders any such information.  
The Issuer and/or any of its affiliates may also engage in trading activities (including hedging 
activities) related to the Underlying Reference of any Note and other instruments or derivative products 
based on or related to the Underlying Reference of any such Notes for their proprietary accounts or for 
other accounts under their management and may pursue actions thereto without regard to the 
consequences for Noteholders. The Issuer and/or any of its affiliates may also issue other derivative 
instruments in respect of the Underlying Reference of such Notes. The Issuer and/or its affiliates may 
also act as an underwriter in connection with future offerings of Shares or other securities related to 
an issue of such Notes or may act as financial adviser to certain companies or companies whose shares 
or other securities are included in a basket or in a commercial banking capacity for such companies. 
The Issuer and/or any of its affiliates may acquire non-public information in respect of an Underlying 
Reference which will not be provided to Noteholders. Such activities could present certain conflicts of 
interest. 
The Issuer and/or any of its affiliates may have existing or future business relationships with any 
Underlying Reference (including, but not limited to, lending, depositary, risk management, advisory 
and banking relationships), and will pursue actions and take steps that they or it deems necessary or 
appropriate to protect their and/or its interests arising there from without regard to the consequences 
for a Noteholder. 
To the knowledge of the Issuer, (1) the duties owed by the members of the Conseil d'Administration 
(Board of Directors) do not give rise to any potential conflicts of interest with such members' private 
interests or other duties and (2) it complies with its country of incorporation’s corporate governance 
regime. 
12. 
Change of control 
To the knowledge of the Issuer, there are no arrangements the operation of which may at a subsequent 
date result in a change in control of the Issuer.

--- Page 555 ---
General Information 
 
 
 
555 
 
 
13. 
Material contracts 
The Issuer has not entered into contracts outside the ordinary course of the Issuer's business, which 
could result in the Issuer or any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to holders of Notes in respect of the Notes being 
issued. 
14. 
Stabilisation  
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease 
at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or 
person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and 
rules. 
15. 
Benchmarks regulation 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 
June 2016, as amended (the Benchmarks Regulation). In this case, a statement will be included in 
the relevant Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included 
in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
16. 
Forward-looking statements  
The documentation relating to any particular issuance of Notes under the Programme may contain 
forward-looking statements. Forward looking-statements are statements that are not historical facts, 
including statements about the Issuer's beliefs and expectations. Any statement in this document 
(including any document incorporated by reference) that states the Issuer's intentions, beliefs, 
expectations or predictions (and their underlying assumptions) is a forward-looking statement. These 
statements are based on plans, estimates, and projections as they are currently available to the 
management of the Issuer. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A 
number of important factors could therefore cause actual results of the Issuer or of the Notes to differ 
materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Without limiting the generality of 
the foregoing, the inclusion of forward-looking statements herein should not be regarded as a 
representation by the Issuer or any other person of the results that will actually be achieved by the 
Notes. The Issuer has no obligation to update or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements, 
including revisions to reflect changes in any circumstances arising after the date hereof relating to any 
assumptions or otherwise. These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or 
estimates under the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended, supplementing 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
17. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is N4JDFKKH2FTD8RKFXO39.

--- Page 556 ---
556 
 
 
Issuer 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial 
6, avenue de Provence 
75009 Paris 
France 
Telephone number +33 (0)1 45 96 96 96 
Dealers 
Banque de Luxembourg 
14, boulevard Royal 
L- 2449 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial 
6, avenue de Provence 
75009 Paris 
France 
Issuing Agent, Principal Paying Agent for English Law Notes and Listing Agent 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-2085 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
Principal Paying Agent for French Law Notes 
 
BNP Paribas  
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
 
Calculation Agent 
Banque de Luxembourg 
14, boulevard Royal 
L- 2449 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial 
6, avenue de Provence 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Auditors to the Issuer 
 
Ernst & Young et Autres 
1, place des Saisons 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63, rue de Villiers 
92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine 
France 
 
KPMG S.A. 
Tour EQHO 
2 Avenue Gambetta  
92066 Paris la Défense Cedex  
France

--- Page 557 ---
557 
 
 
Legal advisers to the Issuer and Dealers as to English Law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
Legal advisers to the Issuer and Dealers as to French law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
32 rue François 1er 
75008 Paris 
France