--- Page 1 ---
1 
Base Prospectus dated 7 May 2021 
 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK 
(incorporated in France)  
and 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FINANCIAL SOLUTIONS 
(incorporated in France)  
and 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FINANCE LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
(incorporated in Luxembourg) 
€50,000,000,000 
Structured Debt Instruments Issuance Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK 
Nature of this document 
This document (the Base Prospectus) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) (the Prospectus Regulation) and relates to a €50,000,000,000 Structured Debt 
Instruments Issuance Programme (the Programme) under which securities of the type described below may be 
issued from time to time. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF) in 
its capacity as competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Securities. 
By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of 
the transaction or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg 
Law dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières). 
This Base Prospectus shall be in force for a period of one (1) year from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus 
(i.e. the Base Prospectus shall be valid until 7 May 2022). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in 
the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus replaces and supersedes the base prospectus relating to the Programme dated 7 May 2020. 
Defined terms 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus are defined in the section "Definitions Condition" or in the particular 
section where the capitalised terms are first used herein. Definitions are designated by the capitalised term being 
in bold text. 
Issuers and the Guarantor 
Securities (as defined below) issued under the Programme may be issued by any of Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank (Crédit Agricole CIB), Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions (Crédit Agricole CIB FS) and 
Crédit Agricole CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A. (Crédit Agricole CIB FL) (each, an Issuer and together, the

--- Page 2 ---
2 
Issuers). The payment of all amounts due in respect of Securities issued by an Issuer other than Crédit Agricole 
CIB will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Crédit Agricole CIB (in such capacity, the Guarantor). 
This Base Prospectus contains information describing (i) the business activities of, (ii) certain financial information 
relating to and (iii) material risks faced by the Issuers and the Guarantor. 
The Securities 
This Base Prospectus relates to the issuance of various types of notes (Notes) or certificates (Certificates and, 
together with the Notes, referred to generally as Securities), either on a fully paid or partly paid basis, including 
Securities that bear interest at a fixed rate, floating rate or rate linked to an underlying asset class or bear no interest. 
Securities may be redeemed at a fixed amount, including at par value, or at an amount linked to an underlying 
asset class, which may in some cases be zero. Securities may be redeemed on the scheduled redemption date, in 
instalments over the term of the Securities or on an early redemption date. The underlying asset classes (each, an 
Underlying Asset Class) to which interest and/or redemption amounts of Securities may be linked are: 
• 
commodities; 
• 
indices; 
• 
FX rates; 
• 
inflation indices; 
• 
benchmark rates; 
• 
exchange traded funds; 
• 
shares; 
• 
funds;  
• 
futures; or 
• 
a formula or formulae (which may, in turn, be determined by reference to other types of assets, 
benchmarks or factors), 
or a basket and/or combination of the above. 
Specific provisions apply to Italian Securities and Italian Listed Securities (both as defined below), when specified 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Securities may be denominated in any currency. 
The amount payable (if any) as interest and/or on redemption in respect of a Security may be dependent upon 
whether certain events in respect of one or more reference entities or one or more reference obligations in respect 
of any such reference entities, as the case may be, occur (a Credit Linked Security). 
The amount payable (if any) as interest and/or on redemption in respect of a Security may be dependent upon 
whether certain events in respect of one or more issuers of bonds, or one or more bonds issued by such entities 
occur (a Bond Linked Security). 
The amount payable (if any) on redemption in respect of a Security may be linked to the performance of preference 
shares (a Preference Share Linked Security). 
Securities may also be secured by the relevant Issuer, or one of its affiliates, in favour of holders of the Securities 
by a segregated pool of collateral assets, which will be identified in the applicable Final Terms (Secured 
Securities).

--- Page 3 ---
3 
Subject to restrictions arising as a matter of law, there is no general restriction on the category of potential investors 
to which Securities may be offered under this Programme. Depending on the terms of a particular Series of 
Securities, Securities may be offered to retail and/or institutional investors as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Securities and the Guarantee, as applicable, may be governed by English law, Irish law or French law as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  References in this Base Prospectus to English Law Securities, Irish Law 
Securities or French Law Securities are to Securities governed by English law, Securities governed by Irish law 
and Securities governed by French law, respectively. 
Listing and admission to trading 
An application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Securities issued under the Programme to 
be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market 
for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II). 
The Issuers may make an application for certain notes issued under the Programme (Italian Listed Notes) to be 
listed on Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and to be admitted to trading on the Electronic Bond and Government Securities 
Market (the MOT Market). The MOT Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. The Issuers 
may also make an application for certain certificates issued under the Programme (Italian Listed Certificates 
and, together with the Italian Listed Notes, Italian Listed Securities) to be admitted to trading on the Electronic 
Securitised Derivatives Market of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the SeDeX Market). The SeDeX Market is a multilateral 
trading facility for the purposes of MiFID II. 
The Issuers may also elect not to make any application for certain Italian Securities to be listed or traded, as the 
case may be. In each case, the applicable Final Terms will specify whether or not Italian Securities are to be listed 
and admitted to trading on the MOT Market or to be admitted to trading on the SeDeX Market. If specified in the 
Final Terms, the Issuers may also issue Italian Securities which are being offered pursuant to an exemption from 
the Prospectus Regulation or which will be issued outside the European Economic Area. 
References to Italian Securities shall be to either Italian Certificates or Italian Notes, as applicable in the context 
of the relevant Series. 
The Issuers may, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, make an application for certain Securities issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to trading on EuroTLX managed by EuroTLX SIM S.p.A. EuroTLX is a multilateral 
trading facility for the purposes of MiFID II. 
The Issuers may make an application for Securities issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading 
on the regulated market (Regulierter Markt) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (operated by Deutsche Börse AG), 
if the listing conditions of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange are satisfied. The applicable Final Terms will specify 
whether or not the Securities are to be listed and admitted to trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. 
The Issuers may make an application for Securities issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading 
on the regulated market operated by Euronext Paris S.A. (Euronext Paris) if the listing conditions of Euronext 
Paris are satisfied. The applicable Final Terms will specify whether or not the Securities are to be listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. 
The Issuers may make an application for Securities issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (the Nasdaq Helsinki Stock Exchange) if the listing conditions 
of the Nasdaq Helsinki Stock Exchange are satisfied. The applicable Final Terms will specify whether or not the 
Securities are to be listed and admitted to trading on the Nasdaq Helsinki Stock Exchange. 
The Issuers may make an application for Securities issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB (Nasdaq Stockholm) if the listing conditions of 
Nasdaq Stockholm are satisfied. The applicable Final Terms will specify whether or not the Securities are to be 
listed and admitted to trading on Nasdaq Stockholm.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
The Issuers may make an application for Securities issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Oslo Stock Exchange (the Oslo Stock Exchange or Oslo Bors) if the listing conditions 
of the Oslo Stock Exchange are satisfied. The applicable Final Terms will specify whether or not the Securities 
are to be listed and admitted to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange. 
The Issuers may, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, make an application for certain Securities issued under 
the Programme to be listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext 
Dublin) and admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin's regulated market, which is a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II. 
Reading this Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements to this Base Prospectus published from time to time (each a 
Supplement and together the Supplements)), including the documents listed in the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled "Documents Incorporated By Reference" (which are documents that are deemed to be incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus but which are separately available upon request), is intended to provide 
prospective investors with information necessary to enable them to make an informed investment decision before 
purchasing any Securities. Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained 
from the registered office of Crédit Agricole CIB for the time being. This Base Prospectus and the documents 
incorporated by reference hereto will also be published on (i) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website 
(www.bourse.lu) 
and 
(ii) 
Crédit 
Agricole 
CIB's 
website 
(https://www.documentation.ca-
cib.com/IssuanceProgram). 
This Base Prospectus includes the terms and conditions that may apply to the Securities, which will be completed 
for each Series of Securities by a set of Final Terms (the Terms and Conditions). Further detail on Final Terms 
is set out below. As not all of the terms and conditions contained in this Base Prospectus may be relevant to a 
particular Series of Securities, this Base Prospectus contains a User's Guide at page 65 which is intended to help 
investors to navigate the terms and conditions which apply to a particular Series of Securities. 
In addition to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, this Base Prospectus includes other information such as 
information related to the Issuers, information about the material risks related to any investment in the Securities 
and information on selling and transfer restrictions. Investors should read this information in full before making 
any decision to invest in Securities. 
What information is included in the Final Terms? 
While the Base Prospectus includes general information about all Securities, the Final Terms is the document that 
sets out the specific applicable commercial details of each particular Series of Securities. 
In relation to a Series of Securities, the Final Terms will set out, for example and among other things: 
• 
the issue date; 
• 
the scheduled redemption date; 
• 
the interest payment date(s) (if any); 
• 
the basis on which interest (if any) and the amount payable on redemption will be determined 
and/or calculated; 
• 
whether or not the Securities may be redeemed early at the option of the Issuer or the investor; 
• 
information relating to any relevant Underlying Asset Class; and 
• 
any other information needed to complete the terms and conditions of the Securities of this Base 
Prospectus (identified by the words "as specified in the applicable Final Terms" or other 
equivalent wording).

--- Page 5 ---
5 
Wherever the Terms and Conditions contain optional provisions, the Final Terms will specify which of those 
provisions apply to a specific Series of Securities. 
Taxes 
The Securities will not have the benefit of a gross up provision in respect of withholding tax unless "Gross Up" is 
specifically provided as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. Where a gross up does not apply, investors will 
take the risk of any applicable withholding tax. 
Save in the circumstances described above, none of the Issuers, nor the Guarantor nor any other person will be 
liable for, or otherwise obliged to pay, any tax, duty or other payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, 
transfer, exercise, redemption or enforcement of any Securities by any person. 
Arranger 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Dealers 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Crédit Agricole Securities Asia B.V., Tokyo Branch

--- Page 6 ---
6 
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus (together with any Supplement thereto) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation in respect of, and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the 
Issuers, which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuers, the rights attaching to the Securities and the reason 
for the issuance and its impact on the Issuers.  
Offers of Securities (i) made other than pursuant to Article 3(1) of the Prospectus Regulation outside the European 
Economic Area, or of a type listed in Articles 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation and (ii) for which the 
Securities are not admitted to trading on a regulated market pursuant to Article 3(3) of the Prospectus Regulation 
or of a type listed in Article 1(5) of the Prospectus Regulation are referred to herein as Exempt Offers and such 
Securities as Exempt Securities. The information document prepared in the context of an Exempt Offer and 
addressed to potential investors shall not constitute and shall not be approved by the CSSF as a prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved any information in relation 
to the Exempt Securities. 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 as amended 
(the Securities Act) or under the securities law of any state or other jurisdiction the United States and trading in 
the Securities has not been approved by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) under the United 
States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (CEA). Other than for certain U.S. Securities, the Securities 
may not be offered, sold, pledged, or otherwise transferred at any time except in an "Offshore Transaction" (as 
such term as defined under Regulation S) to or for the account or benefit of a Permitted Transferee pursuant to 
Regulation S and only Permitted Transferees may maintain a position in the Securities.  
No person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator of the relevant Issuer under the CEA and 
the rules thereunder (the CFTC Rules) of the CFTC, and none of the Issuers have been nor will be registered 
under the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, nor under any other United States federal 
laws. The Securities are being offered and sold in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. 
The Securities have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission 
(SEC) or any other regulatory agency in the United States, nor has the SEC or any other regulatory agency in the 
United States passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this document or the merits of the Securities. Any 
representation to the contrary is a criminal offence. Furthermore, the Securities do not constitute, and have not 
been marketed as, contracts for the sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the CEA, 
and neither trading in the Securities nor this document has been approved by the CFTC under the CEA 
The Issuers and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the 
best of the knowledge of the Issuers and the Guarantor the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any Supplement hereto and all documents 
which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part 
of this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published. 
Securities may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Subscription and 
Sale" below and any additional dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuers (each a 
Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an on-going basis. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Securities being (or 
intended to be) subscribed or purchased by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe or 
purchase such Securities. 
No Dealer has independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty 
or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by any Dealer as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the relevant Issuer in connection with the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in

--- Page 7 ---
7 
relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuers or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuers or the Guarantor to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, the Guarantor or any Dealer. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Securities (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor or any Dealer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Securities should purchase any Securities. Each 
potential investor contemplating purchasing any Securities should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuers and the Guarantor and 
of the terms of such Securities. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of 
any Securities constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any Dealer to any 
person to subscribe for or to purchase any Securities. Persons into whose possession offering material comes must 
inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions.  
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Securities shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuers and the Guarantor is correct at 
any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial conditions or affairs of the Issuers and the Guarantor during the 
life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Securities of any information coming to their attention. 
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted to the clearance procedures of the Autorité des marchés financiers. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used for or in connection with, an offer to sell or the 
solicitation of an offer to buy any Securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the 
offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities 
may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers do not represent that 
this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Securities may be lawfully offered, in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, 
unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the Issuers, 
the Guarantor or any Dealer, which is intended to permit a Non-exempt Offer of any Securities or distribution of 
this document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Securities may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering 
material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any 
Securities may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Securities. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities in the United States, the United Kingdom and the European 
Economic Area (including Luxembourg, Belgium, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Norway, Portugal, The 
Netherlands, Finland, Sweden and Spain) (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
Any person (an Investor) purchasing the Securities under the Programme is solely responsible for ensuring that 
any offer or resale of the Securities it purchased under the Programme occurs in compliance with applicable laws 
and regulations. 
The information on the websites or URLs to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus, unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) below may apply, 
any offer of Securities in any Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a Relevant State) will be

--- Page 8 ---
8 
made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation, from the requirement to publish a prospectus for 
offers of Securities. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Relevant State of 
Securities which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by final terms 
in relation to the offer of those Securities may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the 
relevant Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, 
or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State and 
(in either case) published, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by final terms which specify that offers may be made other than pursuant to Article 
1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State, such offer is made in the period beginning and ending on 
the dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the relevant Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of such offer. Except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) above may 
apply, neither the relevant Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer 
of Securities in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to publish or 
supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
EEA MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Securities will include 
a legend entitled "EEA MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Securities, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 2018, and which channels for distribution 
of the Securities are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a 
"Distributor" as defined in MiFID II) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID product 
governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer as defined in MiFID II in respect of such Securities, but otherwise 
none of the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (EEA). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA (a Key Information Document) has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.  If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors Without KID", the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, to any retail investor in 
the EEA without an updated Key Information Document.  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (UK). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (as 
amended, the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK (a Key Information Document) has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK

--- Page 9 ---
9 
PRIIPS Regulation.  If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors Without KID", the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, to any retail investor in the UK without 
an updated Key Information Document.  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE SFA) 
– In connection with Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 (the CMP Regulations 2018), unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms in respect of any 
Securities, the Issuers have determined and hereby notify all persons (including all relevant persons (as defined in 
the Section 309(A)(1) of the SFA)), that the Securities are: capital markets products other than "prescribed capital 
markets products" (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018), and "Specified Investment Products" (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
All references in this document to "euro" and "€" refer to the lawful currency introduced at the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended, references to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$", "USD" and "$" refer to the currency of the United States of 
America, references to "Sterling", "GBP" and "£" refer to the currency of the United Kingdom, references to 
"Swedish Kronor" and "SEK" refer to the currency of Sweden, references to "Norwegian Kroner" and "NOK" refer 
to the currency of Norway, references to "Japanese Yen", "JPY" and "¥" refer to the currency of Japan, references 
to "Hong Kong dollars" and "HK$" refer to the lawful currency for the time being of Hong Kong and references 
to "RMB", "CNY" or "Renminbi" refer to the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China, which for the 
purpose of this document, excludes the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China 
(the PRC). 
U.S. INFORMATION 
Other than for certain U.S. Securities, the Securities may not be offered, sold, pledged, or otherwise transferred at 
any time except in an "Offshore Transaction" (as such term as defined under Regulation S) to or for the account 
or benefit of a Permitted Transferee pursuant to Regulation S and only Permitted Transferees may maintain a 
position in the Securities. 
This Base Prospectus may be submitted on a confidential basis in the United States to a limited number of QIBs 
(as defined under "Form of the Securities") for informational use solely in connection with the consideration of 
the purchase of the U.S. Securities being offered hereby. Its use for any other purpose in the United States is not 
authorised. It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents 
disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted. For the avoidance of 
doubt, references herein to the Securities, including the U.S. Securities, include the Guarantee, where applicable. 
The Securities in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Securities in 
bearer form may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and the 
regulations promulgated thereunder. 
THE SECURITIES OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED WITH, OR 
APPROVED BY, THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES. 
NO PERSON HAS REGISTERED NOR WILL REGISTER AS A COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR OF THE 
RELEVANT ISSUER UNDER THE CEA AND THE CFTC RULES, AND NONE OF THE ISSUERS HAVE 
BEEN NOR WILL BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF

--- Page 10 ---
10 
1940, AS AMENDED, NOR UNDER ANY OTHER UNITED STATES FEDERAL LAWS. FURTHERMORE, 
THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THIS 
OFFERING OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Certain U.S. Securities may be offered or sold within the United States only to QIBs in transactions exempt from, 
or not subject to, registration under the Securities Act. Further, U.S. Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS 
and Crédit Agricole CIB FL may also be restricted to being offered or sold within the United States only to QIBs 
who are also QPs (as defined under "Form of the Securities") in transactions exempt from registration under the 
Securities Act that will not cause  Crédit Agricole CIB FS and Crédit Agricole CIB FL, as applicable to become 
required to register as an "investment company" under the Investment Company Act. Each purchaser of U.S. 
Securities is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any U.S. Securities to it may be made in reliance upon the 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A under the Securities 
Act (Rule 144A). 
The Securities have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission 
(the SEC) or any other regulatory agency in the United States, nor has the SEC or any other regulatory agency in 
the United States passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this document or the merits of the Securities. Any 
representation to the contrary is a criminal offence. Furthermore, the Securities do not constitute, and have not 
been marketed as, contracts for the sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the CEA, 
and neither trading in the Securities nor this document has been approved by the CFTC under the CEA. 
Each purchaser or holder of U.S. Securities represented by Rule 144A Global Securities or any Securities issued 
in definitive form in exchange or substitution for Rule 144A Global Securities (together Rule 144A Securities) 
will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such Rule 144A Securities, to have made certain 
representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer of such Securities as set out in 
"Subscription and Sale". Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
in "Form of the Securities". 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of U.S. Securities and any 
Guarantee thereof that are "restricted securities" within the meaning of the Securities Act, each Issuer has 
undertaken in a deed poll dated 7 May 2021 (the Deed Poll) to furnish, upon the request of a holder of such 
Securities or any beneficial interest therein, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by him, the 
information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the request, 
the relevant Issuer is neither subject to and in compliance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder. 
A copy of the information so furnished will be available, for Securities admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's regulated market, from the specified office in Luxembourg of the Luxembourg Listing Agent 
(as defined below). 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE 
THIS DESCRIPTION IS LIMITED TO THE U.S. FEDERAL TAX ISSUES DESCRIBED HEREIN OR IN ANY 
SUPPLEMENT TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. IT IS POSSIBLE THAT ADDITIONAL ISSUES MAY EXIST 
THAT COULD AFFECT THE U.S. FEDERAL TAX TREATMENT OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
SECURITIES, OR THE MATTER THAT IS THE SUBJECT OF THE DESCRIPTION NOTED HEREIN OR IN 
ANY SUPPLEMENT TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, AND THIS DESCRIPTION DOES NOT CONSIDER 
OR PROVIDE ANY CONCLUSIONS WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH ADDITIONAL ISSUES. 
TAXPAYERS SHOULD SEEK ADVICE BASED ON THE TAXPAYER'S PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES 
FROM AN INDEPENDENT TAX ADVISOR. 
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS OR IN ANY SUPPLEMENT TO THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS TO THE CONTRARY, EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR (AND EACH EMPLOYEE, 
REPRESENTATIVE OR OTHER AGENT OF EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR) MAY DISCLOSE TO ANY 
AND ALL PERSONS, WITHOUT LIMITATION OF ANY KIND, THE TAX TREATMENT AND TAX

--- Page 11 ---
11 
STRUCTURE OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES AND ALL MATERIALS OF ANY KIND 
(INCLUDING OPINIONS OR OTHER TAX ANALYSES) THAT ARE PROVIDED TO THE PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTOR RELATING TO SUCH TAX TREATMENT AND TAX STRUCTURE, EXCEPT TO THE 
EXTENT THAT SUCH DISCLOSURE IS SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS REASONABLY NECESSARY TO 
COMPLY WITH SECURITIES LAWS. FOR THESE PURPOSES, THE TAX TREATMENT OF AN 
INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES MEANS THE PURPORTED OR CLAIMED U.S. FEDERAL, STATE 
AND LOCAL INCOME TAX TREATMENT OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES. MOREOVER, 
THE TAX STRUCTURE OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES INCLUDES ANY FACT THAT MAY 
BE RELEVANT TO UNDERSTANDING THE PURPORTED OR CLAIMED U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, AND 
LOCAL INCOME TAX TREATMENT OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES. 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
Crédit Agricole CIB and Crédit Agricole CIB FS are corporations organised under the laws of France. 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL is a corporation organised under the laws of Luxembourg. All of the officers and 
directors named herein reside outside the United States and all or a substantial portion of the assets of the 
Issuers and the Guarantor and of such officers and directors are located outside the United States. As a 
result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process outside France or Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, upon the Issuers, the Guarantor or such persons, or to enforce judgments against them 
obtained in courts outside France or Luxembourg, as the case may be, predicated upon civil liabilities of 
the Issuers, the Guarantor or such directors and officers under laws other than the laws of France or 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, including any judgment predicated upon United States federal securities 
laws. 
In an original action brought in France or Luxembourg predicated solely upon the U.S. federal securities laws, 
French courts or Luxembourg courts may not have the requisite jurisdiction to adjudicate such action. Actions for 
enforcement of judgments of U.S. courts rendered against the French persons or Luxembourgish persons referred 
to in the preceding paragraph would require such French persons or Luxembourgish persons to waive their right 
under Article 15 of the French Code civil or Article 15 of the Luxembourg Code civil to be sued in France or 
Luxembourg only. Crédit Agricole CIB and Crédit Agricole CIB FL respectively believe that no such French or 
Luxembourg persons have waived such right with respect to actions predicated solely upon U.S. federal securities 
laws. 
IMPORTANT NOTICE IN RELATION TO THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN 
No offer of Securities will be made to the public in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Base Prospectus must be read 
by the addressee only and must not be issued, passed to, or made available to the public generally. 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, the Securities issued in connection with this Base Prospectus 
and related offering documents may only be offered in registered form to existing account holders and accredited 
investors as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain (the CBB) in the Kingdom of Bahrain where such investors 
make a minimum investment of at least U.S.$100,000. 
This offer does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain in terms of Article (81) of the 
Central Bank of Bahrain and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (Decree Law No. 64 of 2006). This Base Prospectus 
and related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the CBB. 
Accordingly, no Securities may be offered, sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase 
nor will this Base Prospectus or any other related document or material be used in connection with any offer, sale 
or invitation to subscribe or purchase Securities, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in the Kingdom of 
Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed or approved this Base Prospectus or related offering documents and it has not in any 
way considered the merits of the Securities to be offered for investment, whether in or outside the Kingdom of 
Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the statements and 
information contained in this document and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever 
arising from reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this document.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Securities or assets deliverable under the Securities may be calculated or otherwise 
determined by reference to an index, a rate or a combination of indices or rates.  Any such index or rate may 
constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation) published 
in the Official Journal of the European Union on 29 June 2016 and applied since 1 January 2018.  If any such 
index or rate does constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the 
benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the ESMA (the Register) pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation.  Not every index 
or rate will fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation.  Furthermore, transitional provisions in the 
Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to 
appear in the Register at the date of the applicable Final Terms.  The registration status of any administrator under 
the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the relevant 
Issuer does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
relevant administrator. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Securities, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-
allot Securities or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Securities at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons 
acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin 
on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of 
Securities is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Securities and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Securities. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and 
rules.

--- Page 13 ---
Table of Contents 
 
 
13 
 
CONTENTS 
CLAUSE 
PAGE 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
14 
RISK FACTORS 
16 
OUTSTANDING NON-EXEMPT OFFERS THAT GO BEYOND THE VALIDITY OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
59 
RETAIL CASCADES 
60 
USER'S GUIDE 
65 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
80 
FORM OF THE SECURITIES 
99 
FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS 
105 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
265 
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
266 
DEFINITIONS CONDITIONS 
339 
ANNEX 1 – ASSET CONDITIONS 
374 
ANNEX 2 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
533 
ANNEX 3 – BOND LINKED CONDITIONS 
604 
ANNEX 4 – ALTERNATIVE CURRENCY CONDITIONS 
625 
ANNEX 5 – STANDARD PAYOFF CONDITIONS 
627 
ANNEX 6 – COMBINATION PAYOFF CONDITIONS 
688 
ANNEX 7 – PAYOFF FEATURE CONDITIONS 
752 
ANNEX 8 – EARLY REDEMPTION TRIGGER CONDITIONS 
815 
ANNEX 9 – REDEMPTION METHOD CONDITIONS 
831 
ANNEX 10 – SECURED SECURITY CONDITIONS 
835 
ANNEX 11 – PREFERENCE SHARE LINKED CONDITIONS 
868 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
874 
DESCRIPTION OF CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB-ASSOCIATED INDICES 
876 
FORM OF ENGLISH GUARANTEE 
877 
FORM OF IRISH GUARANTEE 
882 
FORM OF FRENCH GUARANTEE 
887 
ITALIAN LISTED CERTIFICATES - FORM OF RENOUNCEMENT NOTICE 
890 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUERS 
892 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
899 
TAXATION 
905 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
911 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
937

--- Page 14 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
 
14 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section provides a general description of the Programme. 
The following general description of the Programme is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus. The Securities will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities set out in this Base Prospectus. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a summary of this 
Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any implementing regulation 
thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in the section "Definitions Condition" or in the particular section where the 
capitalised terms are first used herein shall have the same meanings in this general description of the Programme. 
Issuers 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  
Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions  
Crédit Agricole CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A. 
Guarantor 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Dealers 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Crédit Agricole 
Securities Asia B.V., Tokyo Branch and any other Dealers 
appointed in accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
Arranger 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, 
Registrar, 
Transfer 
Agent 
and 
Exchange Agent 
CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg Branch 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg Branch 
Programme Limit 
Up to €50,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at 
any one time. 
Securities that may be issued under the 
Programme 
The programme is a €50,000,000,000 Structured Debt Instruments 
Issuance Programme under which any Issuer may from time to 
time issue Notes or Certificates, either on a fully paid or partly paid 
basis, which may be Fixed Rate Securities, Floating Rate 
Securities, Credit Linked Securities, Bond Linked Securities, 
Preference Share Linked Securities, Commodity Linked Securities, 
Index Linked Securities, Inflation Linked Securities, FX Linked 
Securities, Rate Linked Securities, ETF Linked Securities, Share 
Linked Securities, Fund Linked Securities, Future Linked 
Securities, Multi-Asset Basket Linked Securities, Alternative 
Currency Securities, CNY Securities, Dual Currency Securities, 
Zero Coupon Securities and Instalment Securities or any 
combination of the foregoing. Securities may be settled in cash or 
(if specified in the applicable Final Terms and in the case of Credit 
Linked Securities, Bond Linked Securities, ETF Linked Securities, 
Share Linked Securities and Secured Securities) by physical 
delivery. Securities may not be settled by delivery of the Issuers' 
own equity securities or of the equity securities of any entity in the 
Issuers' group and cannot be converted or exchanged into shares or 
other equity securities within the meaning of Article 19 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. All Securities 
will be issued in accordance with and subject to all applicable laws

--- Page 15 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
 
15 
and regulations and denominated in any currency, subject as set out 
herein. 
In each case, the applicable terms of any Securities will be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer prior to the 
issue of the Securities and will be set out in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities endorsed on, attached to, or 
incorporated by reference into, the Securities, as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms attached to, or endorsed on, such Securities, 
as more fully described under "Form of the Securities" below. 
Securities may also be Secured Securities. Each Series of Secured 
Securities will be secured by the relevant Issuer or an affiliate 
thereof in favour of the relevant Securityholders in respect of a 
segregated pool of Collateral Assets. Where Collateral Monitoring 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
value of the Collateral Assets relative to the value of the relevant 
Secured Securities will be monitored and, if required under the 
applicable Terms and Conditions, the Collateral Assets in the pool 
will be adjusted accordingly. 
Non-exempt Offers of Securities 
Securities issued under this Programme may be offered in 
circumstances that do not fall within an exemption from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation (a Non-exempt Offer). Exempt Securities (as defined 
above) may also be issued under this Programme, in circumstances 
that involve a Non-exempt Offer outside the European Economic 
Area or where offers of Securities are of a type listed in Articles 
1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation and are not admitted 
to trading on a regulated market under Article 3(3) of the 
Prospectus Regulation or of a type listed in Article 1(5). 
Currency 
 
Subject to compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and 
directives, Securities may be issued in any currency agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant dealer at the time of 
issue. 
Governing Law 
The Securities are governed by English, Irish or French law.

--- Page 16 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
16 
RISK FACTORS 
This section sets out the risks inherent in investing in Securities issued under the Programme. 
Any investment in the Securities is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Securities, prospective 
investors should consider carefully the factors and risks associated with any investment in the Securities, the 
Issuers, and the Guarantor's business and the industry in which it operates, together with all other information 
contained in this Base Prospectus including, in particular, the risk factors described below.  
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Securities issued under the Programme. In each category below the Issuers set out first the most 
material risk, in their assessment, taking into account the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the 
probability of their occurrence. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. Prospective investors should consider carefully 
whether an investment in the Securities is suitable for them in the light of the information in this Base Prospectus 
and their personal circumstances. 
Capitalised terms not defined in this section have the meanings given to them in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities. 
The Risk Factors are set out as follows:  
Page 
1. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT EACH ISSUERS' ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECURITIES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME OR, 
AS THE CASE MAY BE, TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE 
GUARANTEE 
18 
 
1.1 
RISKS RELATED TO CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
18 
 
1.2 
RISKS RELATED TO  CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FS OR CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
FL 
18 
 
(a) Credit risk on Crédit Agricole CIB 
18 
 
(b) Crédit Agricole CIB Group's Resolution Risk 
18 
 
(c) Risks related to dependence on Crédit Agricole CIB 
19 
2. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE SECURITIES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
20 
 
2.1 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET OF THE SECURITIES 
20 
 
(a) Market value of the Securities 
20 
 
(b) The secondary market  
20 
 
(c) Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
21 
 
2.2 
RISKS RELATED TO LEGAL ISSUES REGARDING THE SECURITIES 
21 
 
(a) The implementation in France of the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
could materially affect the Securities 
21 
 
(b) Insolvency laws 
22 
 
(c) Modification 
23 
 
(d) Unsecured obligations and absence of negative pledge 
23 
 
(e) Absence of Gross up 
24

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
17 
 
(f) Potential U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding 
24 
 
(g) The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and other 
regulatory changes affecting derivatives markets 
24 
 
(h) Legislation affecting Dividend Equivalent Payments (Section 871(m) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code) 
25 
 
(i) Securities where denominations involve integral multiples 
25 
 
2.3 
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF 
SECURITIES  
26 
 
(a) Risks related to the interest rate 
26 
 
(b) Risks related to the redemption of the Securities 
28 
 
(c) Risks related to the Currency of the Securities 
31 
 
(d) Risks related to the Linked Securities 
32 
 
(e) Risks related to Credit Linked Securities 
41 
 
(f) Risks related to Bond Linked Securities 
44 
 
(g) Risks related to Preference Share Linked Securities 
46 
 
(h) Risks related to unfunded or highly leveraged securities 
47 
 
(i) Risks related to Payoff Features 
47 
 
(j) Risks related to Secured Securities 
52 
 
(k) Risks related to Green Securities 
57 
 
(l) Risks related to Social Securities 
58 
 
(m) Risks related to Partly Paid Securities  
58

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
18 
1 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT EACH ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER SECURITIES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME OR, AS THE CASE MAY BE, TO 
FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE GUARANTEE 
1.1 
RISKS RELATED TO CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
Such factors are set out at pages 144 to 152 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference").  
1.2 
RISKS RELATED TO CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FS OR CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FL 
(a) 
Credit risk on Crédit Agricole CIB 
The sole activity of CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FS and CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FL is to issue 
debt securities in order to raise cash to finance the activity of the Crédit Agricole CIB Group. 
Due to the structure of the transactions carried out, CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FS and CRÉDIT 
AGRICOLE CIB FL are, in the context of their activities, mainly subject to a credit risk vis-à-
vis Crédit Agricole CIB, their parent company. 
Crédit Agricole CIB unconditionally guarantees the immediate payment of all obligations and 
debts owed by CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FS and CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FL in respect of 
the issues.  
In addition, the securities thus issued are underwritten by Crédit Agricole CIB and the funds 
collected by CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FS and CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FL are systematically 
deposited with Crédit Agricole CIB in the form of either term loans or derivatives with an 
exchange of par value. 
Finally, derivatives such as swaps are systematically contracted by CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
FS and CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FL with Crédit Agricole CIB in order to economically hedge 
debt securities and loans. 
In this context, CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FS and CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FL do not bear, 
in the context of their activities, any liquidity and cash flow risk or net market risk. 
However, credit risk remains. This credit risk corresponds to the risk that Crédit Agricole CIB, 
which is the sole counterparty in the financial transactions of CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FS and 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FL, does not meet its obligations under these transactions. 
The probability of this risk occurring is considered low by CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FS and 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FL. However, in the event of realization, CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
FS and CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FL would not be able to continue their operations. 
(b) 
Crédit Agricole CIB Group's Resolution Risk 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FS and CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FL could suffer losses if a 
resolution procedure were to be initiated or if the Group's financial situation were to deteriorate 
significantly.  
The European banking crisis resolution framework has introduced a mechanism for the 
prevention and resolution of banking crises and has given the European resolution authorities, 
including the Single Resolution Board, very extensive powers to take any measure necessary for 
the resolution of all or part of a credit institution or the group to which it belongs. Such 
procedures are initiated when the Resolution Authority (as the case may be, the ACPR or the 
SRB) considers that: 
− 
the failure of the institution or group to which it belongs is proven or foreseeable,

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
19 
− 
there is no reasonable prospect that any other measure will prevent the default within a 
reasonable time, 
− 
a winding-up procedure would be inadequate to preserve financial stability. The Resolution 
Authority considers that the single entry point strategy is the most appropriate for the Crédit 
Agricole Group. Pursuant to this strategy, Crédit Agricole S.A., in its capacity as the central 
body and parent company of its subsidiaries, would be the single entry point in the event that the 
Crédit Agricole Group were to be wound up. Whenever the Group's failure is proven or 
foreseeable and there is no reasonable prospect that another measure would prevent such failure 
within a reasonable period of time and/or the Group's situation requires exceptional financial 
support from the public authorities, the Resolution Authority must, before initiating a resolution 
procedure or if recourse to it is necessary to preserve the Group's viability, reduce the nominal 
value of the equity instruments (i.e. equity securities such as shares, units, CCIs and CCAs, as 
well as additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital) issued by the institutions concerned or convert 
these equity instruments (excluding equity securities) into equity securities or other instruments, 
after reduction of reserves. 
If necessary, the Resolution Authority could go further and decide to implement the internal bail-
in facility on the remaining equity instruments (i.e. decide on the total or partial depreciation of 
their nominal value or their conversion into equity securities or other instruments) as well as on 
eligible commitments issued by the institutions concerned from the most junior to the most 
senior level, excluding certain limited categories of liabilities, in accordance with the terms and 
conditions provided for by law and the applicable contractual provisions. 
In the event of implementation of a bank resolution procedure at the Crédit Agricole Group level, 
the guarantee provided by Crédit Agricole CIB to CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FS and CRÉDIT 
AGRICOLE CIB FL could be subject to such an internal bail-in and no longer cover all or part 
of the commitments of CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FS and CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FL.  
The Resolution Authority may also implement other resolution measures, in particular: the total 
or partial sale of the business of a relevant institution to a third party or a bridge institution, the 
separation of the assets of that institution and the modification of the terms and conditions of the 
financial instruments issued by that institution (including the modification of their maturity, the 
amount of interest payable and/or a temporary suspension of any payment obligation under such 
instruments). 
(c) 
Risks related to dependence on Crédit Agricole CIB 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FS and CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FL are dependent on their parent 
company, Crédit Agricole CIB, in the conduct of their business, in particular due to:  
(i) 
The structure of the transactions carried out by CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FS and 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FL which requires: 
− 
the guarantee of Crédit Agricole CIB,  
− 
the subscription of securities issued by CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FS and CRÉDIT 
AGRICOLE CIB FL by Crédit Agricole CIB, 
− 
the deposit of funds raised Crédit Agricole CIB, 
− 
and the coverage of market risks of CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FS and CRÉDIT 
AGRICOLE CIB FL by Crédit Agricole CIB, 
(ii) 
The strong financial exposure of CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FS and CRÉDIT 
AGRICOLE CIB FL to Crédit Agricole CIB 
Due to this strong dependence, Crédit Agricole CIB's risk factors contained in Crédit 
Agricole CIB's 2020 Universal Registration Document and incorporated by reference

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
20 
are relevant to understand the main risks and uncertainties facing CRÉDIT AGRICOLE 
CIB FS and CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FL. 
2 
RISKS RELATED TO THE SECURITIES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
2.1 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET OF THE SECURITIES 
(a) 
Market value of the Securities 
An application may be made to admit the Securities to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market and to list them on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and/or any other regulated market or multilateral trading facility. The market value of 
the Securities will be affected by the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer the value of the 
relevant Underlying(s) (which in turn will depend on the volatility of the relevant Underlying(s), 
or the dividend on the securities comprised in any Index that is an Underlying, market interest 
and yield rates and the time remaining to the redemption date) and, as the case may be, the 
financial condition and creditworthiness of any applicable Reference Entity or Bond Issuer. 
The value of the Securities and the relevant Underlying(s) or, as the case may be, the likelihood 
of a Credit Event or Bond Event occurring, depends on a number of interrelated factors, including 
economic, financial and political events in France, Luxembourg or elsewhere, including factors 
affecting capital markets generally, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or any other the stock 
exchanges on which the Securities, the Underlying(s) or the securities comprised in any Index 
that is an Underlying are traded. The price at which a Securityholder will be able to sell the 
Securities prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price 
or the purchase price paid by such Securityholder.  
The trading price of Securities may fall in value as rapidly as it may rise and Securityholders 
may sustain a total loss of their investment.  
Assuming all other factors are held constant, the more a Security is "out-of-the-money" and the 
shorter its remaining term to maturity, the greater the risk that purchasers of such Securities will 
lose all or part of their investment. 
Accordingly, all or part of the capital invested by the Securityholder may be lost upon any 
transfer of the Security, so that the Securityholder in such case would receive significantly less 
than the total amount of capital invested. 
(b) 
The secondary market  
Securities may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If 
a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. This is particularly the case if the Securities 
are not listed or traded on any exchange market or trading venue (whether regulated or not) since 
pricing information for the Securities may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity of the 
Securities may be adversely affected.  Therefore, Securityholders may not be able to sell their 
Securities easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Securities 
that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements 
of limited categories of investors. These types of Securities generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Although application has been made for the Securities issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and/or any other regulated market or 
multilateral trading facility in the European Economic Area, there is no assurance that any 
particular Tranche of Securities will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. 
Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
21 
any particular Tranche of Securities. Illiquidity may have an adverse effect on the market value 
of the Securities. 
(c) 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The relevant Issuer will pay nominal and interest (if applicable) on the Securities and the 
Guarantor will make any payments under the Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if a Securityholder 's financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the Securityholder's Currency) other 
than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Securityholder's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Securityholder's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the 
Securityholder's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the 
Securityholder's Currency-equivalent yield on the Securities, (2) the Securityholder's Currency-
equivalent value of amounts payable in respect of the Securities and (3) the Securityholder's 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Securities. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, Securityholders may 
receive less interest (if applicable) or principal than expected. This may result in a significant 
loss on any capital invested from the perspective of a Securityholder whose domestic currency 
is not the Specified Currency. 
2.2 
RISKS RELATED TO LEGAL ISSUES REGARDING THE SECURITIES 
(a) 
The implementation in France of the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive could 
materially affect the Securities 
Directive 2014/59/EU provides for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended by Directive (EU) 
2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the Bank Recovery 
and Resolution Directive or BRRD), implemented in France by several legislative texts, to 
provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an 
unsound or failing relevant entity. 
If Crédit Agricole CIB is determined to be failing or likely to fail within the meaning of, and 
under the conditions set by BRRD, and the relevant resolution authority applies any, or a 
combination, of the BRRD resolution tools (e.g. sale of business, creation of a bridge institution, 
asset separation or bail-in), any shortfall from the sale of Crédit Agricole CIB's assets may lead 
to a partial reduction in the outstanding amount of certain claims of unsecured creditors of that 
entity (including, as the case may be, the Securities), or, in a worst case scenario, a reduction to 
zero. The unsecured debt claims of Crédit Agricole CIB (including, as the case may be, the 
Securities) might also be converted into equity or other instruments of ownership, in accordance 
with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings, which equity or other instruments 
could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution (such reduction or 
cancellation being first on common equity tier one instruments, thereafter the reduction, 
cancellation or conversion being on additional tier one instruments, then tier two instruments 
and other subordinated debts, then other eligible liabilities). The relevant resolution authority 
may also seek to amend the terms (such as variation of the maturity) of any outstanding 
unsecured debt securities (including, as the case may be, the Securities).  
Public financial support to resolve Crédit Agricole CIB where there is a risk of failure will only 
be used as a last resort, after having assessed and exploited the above resolution tools, including 
the bail-in tool, to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability. 
As a result, the exercise of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise could 
materially adversely affect the rights of the Securityholders, the price or value of their investment

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
22 
in the Securities and/or the ability of Crédit Agricole CIB to satisfy its obligations under the 
Securities. 
(b) 
Insolvency laws 
Insolvency proceedings with respect to an Issuer may proceed under, and be governed by, 
Luxembourg or French insolvency laws, as applicable.  The rights of Securityholders and the 
responsibilities of the relevant Issuer to the Securityholders under the aforementioned laws may 
be materially different from those with regard to equivalent instruments under the laws of the 
jurisdiction in which the Securities are offered.  Additionally, the insolvency laws applicable to 
the relevant Issuer may not be as favourable to Securityholders as the insolvency laws of 
jurisdictions with which investors may be familiar. 
More specifically, as société anonyme incorporated in France, French insolvency law applies to 
Crédit Agricole CIB and Crédit Agricole CIB FS. However, under French insolvency law holders 
of debt securities are automatically grouped into a single assembly of holders (the Assembly) in 
order to defend their common interests if a safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), an 
accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée), an accelerated financial 
safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde financière accélérée) or a judicial reorganisation 
procedure (procédure de redressement judiciaire) is opened in France with respect to the relevant 
Issuer. 
The Assembly comprises holders of all debt securities issued by the relevant Issuer (including 
the Securities), whether or not under a debt issuance programme (such as a the Programme) and 
regardless of their governing law. 
The Assembly deliberates on the proposed safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde), 
proposed accelerated safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde accélérée), proposed 
accelerated financial safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde financière accélérée) or 
proposed judicial reorganisation plan (projet de plan de redressement) applicable to the relevant 
Issuer and may further agree to: 
(i) 
increase the liabilities (charges) of holders of debt securities (including the 
Securityholders) by rescheduling due payments and/or partially or totally writing-off 
receivables in the form of debt securities; 
(ii) 
establish an unequal treatment between holders of debt securities (including the 
Securityholders) as appropriate under the circumstances; and/or 
(iii) 
decide to convert debt securities (including the Securities) into securities that give or 
may give rights to share capital. 
Decisions of the Assembly will be taken by a two-thirds majority (calculated as a proportion of 
the debt securities held by the holders attending such Assembly or represented thereat). No 
quorum is required to convene the Assembly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the meetings of the Securityholders 
described in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities set out in this Base Prospectus and the 
Agency Agreement will not be applicable to the extent they are not in compliance with 
mandatory insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances. 
The procedures that are described above, as they may be amended from time to time, could have 
an adverse impact on Securityholders seeking repayment in the event that the relevant Issuer 
were to become insolvent. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the relevant Issuer would have a material 
adverse effect on the market value of Securities issued by the relevant Issuer. Any decisions 
taken by the Assembly could substantially impact the Securityholders and even cause them to

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
23 
lose all or part of their investment, should they not be able to recover amounts due to them from 
the relevant Issuer. 
(c) 
Modification 
General Condition 15 (Meetings of Securityholders, modification and waiver) and the Agency 
Agreement contain provisions for calling meetings of Securityholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Securityholders including Securityholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting 
and Securityholders who voted in a manner contrary to the relevant majority. 
If a decision is adopted by a majority of Securityholders and such modifications were to impair 
or limit the rights of the Securityholders, this may have a negative impact on the market value 
of the Securities. 
The relevant Issuer may also modify the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (other than 
French Law Securities) without the consent of the Securityholders in any manner which the 
relevant Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent may deem necessary or desirable provided that such 
modification (i) is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders; (ii) is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or (iii) is made to (A) correct a manifest or proven error or 
omission, (B) to cure, correct or supplement any defective provision contained in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities, (C) to comply with mandatory provisions of law or regulation or 
(D) to comply with any requirement of any stock exchange on which the Securities may be listed. 
As a result, Securityholders shall not be consulted on those modifications and shall not be able 
to oppose them through meetings. 
In the case of French Law Securities which (i) have a denomination lower than EUR 100,000 
and (ii) may be traded in amounts lower than EUR 100,000, the terms and conditions of the 
Securities may only be amended if there is a meeting or a written resolution of the holders of the 
Securities in accordance with French law. The positive vote of two-thirds (for a meeting of the 
holders) or three-quarters (for a written resolution of the holders) or more of holders will bind 
the remaining holders. 
In the case of French Law Securities which (i) have a denomination at least equal to EUR 100,000 
or (ii) can only be traded in amounts of at least EUR 100,000, the terms and conditions of the 
Securities may be amended by us without your consent to correct a manifest error. In other 
circumstances, the consent of a defined majority of holders is required to make amendments. 
The terms and conditions of the Securities contain provisions for holders of Securities to call and 
attend meetings to vote upon such matters or to pass a written resolution in the absence of such 
a meeting. Resolutions passed at such a meeting, or passed in writing, can bind all holders of 
Securities, including investors that did not attend or vote, or who do not consent to the 
amendments. 
(d) 
Unsecured obligations and absence of negative pledge 
Save in respect of Secured Securities (in respect of which, please see "Risks related to Secured 
Securities" below), in accordance with General Condition 2 (Status of the Securities and the 
Guarantee), each Series of Securities and the Guarantee each constitute general, unsecured, 
contractual obligations of the relevant Issuer and, as the case may be, the Guarantor and of no 
other person. Any person who purchases such Securities is relying upon the creditworthiness of 
the relevant Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor and has no rights under the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities against any other person. Neither the Securities nor the Guarantee 
will (with the exception of Secured Securities) be secured by any property of any Issuer or the 
Guarantor and all the Securities issued by an Issuer rank equally among themselves and, together 
with the Guarantee, with all other unsecured and unsubordinated (or with respect to Crédit 
Agricole CIB, senior preferred) obligations of that Issuer and, as the case may be, the Guarantor.

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
24 
In addition of being unsecured, there is no negative pledge in respect of the Securities which 
means that an Issuer may pledge assets to secure other notes or debt instruments without granting 
an equivalent pledge or security interest and status to the Securities or granting such pledge or 
security interest to Securityholders. 
Securityholders should be aware of this differentiating component as compared to most senior 
bonds and that they will not benefit from protection that would secure the ranking of the 
Securities. 
(e) 
Absence of Gross up 
In accordance with General Condition 8.2 (Gross Up), the Securities will not have the benefit of 
a gross up provision in respect of withholding tax unless "Gross Up" is specifically provided as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms. Where a gross up does not apply, the relevant Issuer, 
or the Guarantor, as the case may be, will not pay any additional amounts in respect of any such 
withholding or deduction. Therefore, the corresponding risk shall be borne by the 
Securityholders. In this case, Securityholders may suffer a loss corresponding to such additional 
amounts.  
(f) 
Potential U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding 
The foreign account tax compliance provisions of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment 
Act of 2010 (FATCA) impose a withholding tax of 30 per cent. (FATCA Withholding) on 
certain U.S.-source payments (including Dividend Equivalent Payments, as defined in 
"Legislation affecting Dividend Equivalent Payments (Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code)" below), as well as certain payments by non-U.S. entities to persons that fail to 
meet certain certification or reporting requirements.  
If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from interest, 
nominal or other payments on the Securities, neither the relevant Issuer nor any Agent nor any 
other person would, pursuant to the conditions of the Securities, be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding of such tax. As a result, investors may receive 
less interest or nominal than expected.  
FATCA is particularly complex and its application with respect to "foreign passthru payments" 
is uncertain at this time. The application of FATCA to Securities that may be affected by FATCA 
may be addressed in any applicable drawdown prospectus or a Supplement to the Base 
Prospectus, as applicable. If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted 
or withheld from interest, nominal or other payments on the Securities, and if General Condition 
6.5 (Redemption for FATCA Withholding) is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable to the Securities, the Securities may be, or in certain circumstances will be, redeemed 
early at their fair market value. If General Condition 6.5 (Redemption for FATCA Withholding) 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being not applicable to the Securities, the occurrence 
of a FATCA Withholding with respect to the Securities will not result in them being subject to 
early redemption. As mentioned above, in these circumstances neither the relevant Issuer nor 
any Agent nor any other person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
FATCA Withholding and investors may therefore receive less interest or nominal than expected. 
See also risk factors below "Securities subject to optional redemption by the relevant Issuer" and 
"Securities subject to automatic redemption" for more information on the risks linked to the 
redemption pursuant to General Condition 6.5 (Redemption for FATCA Withholding).  
(g) 
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and other regulatory 
changes affecting derivatives markets 
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act) provides 
for substantial changes to the regulation of the futures and over-the-counter (OTC) derivative 
markets. Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act added a provision to federal banking law to 
generally prohibit certain banking entities from engaging in proprietary trading or from acquiring

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
25 
or retaining an ownership interest in, or sponsoring or having certain relationships with, a hedge 
fund or private equity fund, subject to certain exemptions (such statutory provisions together 
with implementing regulations, the Volcker Rule). 
The Volcker Rule includes as a "covered fund" any entity that would be an investment company 
but for the exemptions provided by Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company 
Act, subject to certain exclusions found within the Volcker Rule.  Therefore, any Issuer intending 
to rely on Section 3(c)(7) would be a covered fund unless an exclusion applies.  
No assurance can be made that any Issuer will qualify for any other exclusion or exemption that 
might be available under the Volcker Rule and its implementing regulations. If an Issuer were 
determined to be a covered fund, then covered banking entities and other entities subject to the 
Volcker Rule would be restricted from acquiring and retaining certain ownership interests in that 
Issuer. 
No party to the transaction has taken a view as to which investors may invest in the Securities. 
As such, investors should consult their own legal advisors in determining whether the Volcker 
Rule would prohibit or restrict them from acquiring an interest in the Securities, or would require 
them to subsequently divest such interest, both in connection with their purchase of Securities 
on the closing date. 
(h) 
Legislation affecting Dividend Equivalent Payments (Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code) 
In accordance with U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the Section 871(m) Regulations), certain payments on certain Securities 
that are, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly contingent upon, or determined by reference 
to, the payment or deemed payment of a dividend (a Dividend Equivalent Payment) linked to 
U.S. equities or indices that include U.S. equities (such equities and indices, U.S. Underlying 
Equities) generally become subject to a 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax when made to non-
U.S. holders as defined pursuant to Section 871(m) Regulations (a Non-U.S. Holder). 
Specifically, the Section 871(m) Regulations will generally apply to Securities that replicate the 
economic performance of one or more U.S. Underlying Equities, either as Delta-One products 
till 31 December 2022 or as products with a delta at least equal to 0.8 as from 1 January 2023, 
as determined by the relevant Issuer generally on the date the expected delta of the product is 
determined by the relevant Issuer (such date being the Trade Date) based on tests set out in the 
applicable Section 871(m) Regulations.  For this purpose, a Delta-One product is a Security 
with a delta (generally the ratio of a change in the fair market value of the derivative security 
relative to a change in the fair market value of the U.S. Underlying Equity which the derivate 
security references) of one. 
If the 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax on dividend equivalents paid or deemed paid applies, it 
will reduce the payment received by Non-U.S. Holders. If a Non-U.S. Holder becomes subject 
to the 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax, the withholding tax may be reduced by an applicable 
tax treaty, eligible for credit against other U.S. tax liabilities or refunded, provided that the 
beneficial owner claims a credit or refund from the United States Internal Revenue Service in a 
timely manner, but the relevant Issuer makes no assessment as to whether any such tax credits 
will be available to Non-U.S. Holders. 
Potential application of Section 871(m) Regulations to an investment in the Securities might 
adversely affect Securityholders. 
(i) 
Securities where denominations involve integral multiples 
In relation to any issue of Securities, which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination, plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, 
it is possible that such Securities may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a Securityholder who, as a result of trading

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
26 
such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his 
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a Definitive 
Security in respect of such holding (should Definitive Securities be printed) and would need to 
purchase a nominal amount of Securities such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. 
If Definitive Securities are issued, Securityholders should be aware that Definitive Securities, 
which have a denomination, that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified 
Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. As a result, Securityholders shall in turn be 
adversely impacted. 
2.3 
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF SECURITIES 
(a) 
Risks related to the interest rate 
(i) 
Fixed Rate Securities 
General Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Securities) allows for Fixed Rate Securities to be 
issued. Investment in Securities which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that 
subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant 
Tranche of Securities. While the nominal interest rate of the Fixed Rate Securities is fixed during 
the term of such Securities, the current interest rate on the capital markets ("market interest 
rate") typically varies on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the market value of 
the Fixed Rate Securities would typically change in the opposite direction. If the market interest 
rate increases, the market value of the Fixed Rate Securities would typically fall, until the yield 
of such Securities is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate 
falls, the market value of the Securities would typically increase, until the yield of such Securities 
is approximately equal to the market interest rate. The degree to which the market interest rate 
may vary presents a significant risk to the market value of the Fixed Rate Securities if a 
Securityholder were to dispose of such Securities.  
(ii) 
Floating Rate Securities 
General Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) allows for Floating Rate Securities 
to be issued. A key difference between Floating Rate Securities and Fixed Rate Securities is that 
interest income on Floating Rate Securities cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest 
income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Securities at the time 
they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of 
investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the relevant Final Terms provide for frequent 
interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates 
decline. That is, Securityholders may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the 
relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer's ability to issue Fixed Rate 
Securities may affect the market value and secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate 
Securities (and vice versa). 
The degree to which the reference rates may vary is uncertain. The interest amount payable on 
any Interest Payment Date may be different from the amount payable on the initial or previous 
Interest Payment Date and may negatively impact the return under the Floating Rate Securities 
and result in a reduced market value of the Securities if a Securityholder were to dispose of such 
Securities.  
(iii) 
Risks relating to Securities linked to a "benchmark" rate, index or price source  
The Rate of Interest in respect of certain Securities may be determined by reference to a Relevant 
Benchmark that constitutes a "benchmark" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
Benchmarks Regulation) published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and 
applied since 1 January 2018. Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 10 February 2021 has amended the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
27 
by extending the transitional provisions applicable to material benchmarks and third-country 
benchmarks until the end of 2023. 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national 
and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised 
calculation methods, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Securities linked to or referencing such 
a "benchmark".  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input 
data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU.  Notwithstanding the provisions 
of General Condition 15.2 (Benchmark Trigger Event) and of the Asset Linked Conditions which 
seek to offset any adverse effects for the Securityholders, the Benchmarks Regulation could have 
a material impact on any Securities linked to or referencing a "benchmark", in particular in any 
of the following circumstances: 
− 
an index which is a "benchmark" could not be used by a supervised entity in certain ways if 
its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU 
jurisdiction, as applicable, the administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed and the transitional provisions do not apply; and 
− 
if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply 
with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of the "benchmark" and as a consequence, 
Securityholders could lose part of their investment.  
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements.  
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes 
in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the 
"benchmark". 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or 
national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any Securities linked to or referencing a "benchmark".  
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Securities 
which are linked to or which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period 
by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Securities (see General Condition 15.2 
(Benchmark Trigger Event) and the Asset Linked Conditions). Any of these measures could have 
an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Securities linked to or 
referencing a "benchmark". 
(iv) 
Future discontinuance of LIBOR and other benchmarks may adversely affect the value 
of Securities 
The Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA) in the United Kingdom, which regulates ICE 
Benchmark Administration (IBA), the administrator of LIBOR, made an announcement on 5 
March 2021 confirming the future cessation and loss of representativeness of the LIBOR 
benchmarks. The FCA’s announcement followed notification from the IBA of its intention to 
cease providing all LIBOR settings for all currencies, subject to any rights of the FCA to compel

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
28 
the IBA to continue publication.  All 35 LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by the 
IBA or will no longer be representative after 31 December 2021 or, in respect of certain of the 
USD LIBOR settings, 30 June 2023. The FCA has decided not to require any panel banks to 
continue to submit to LIBOR beyond the dates from which they have notified their departure or 
to require the IBA to continue publishing LIBOR beyond such dates. It is not possible to predict 
whether, and to what extent, panel banks will continue to provide LIBOR submissions to the 
administrator of LIBOR in future. This may cause LIBOR to perform differently than it did in 
the past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted.  
If LIBOR were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Securities which 
reference LIBOR will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions 
applicable to such Securities. Depending on the manner in which the LIBOR rate is to be 
determined under the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, this may (i) if ISDA Determination 
applies, be reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations for the LIBOR 
rate which, depending on market circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) 
if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on 
the rate which applied in the previous period when LIBOR was available. Any of the foregoing 
could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Securities which 
reference LIBOR. 
(v) 
Zero Coupon Securities are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted 
securities 
General Condition 4.4 (Interest on Zero Coupon Securities) allows for Zero Coupon Securities 
to be issued. The prices at which Zero Coupon Securities trade in the secondary market tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If 
market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Securities can suffer higher price losses than other 
securities having the same maturity. Therefore, in similar market conditions, the holders of Zero 
Coupon Securities could be subject to higher losses on their investments than the holders of other 
instruments such as Fixed Rate Securities or Floating Rate Securities. Any such volatility may 
have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Securities. 
(vi) 
Risks related to negative interest 
In accordance with General Condition 4.11 (Negative Interest), in certain circumstances, 
specifically provided in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount, Instalment 
Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, may be reduced by 
applying a negative amount (or rate) thereto, it being specified that in no event the Final 
Redemption Amount, Instalment Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, shall be less than zero. As a result, Securityholders may lose all or part of the capital 
invested. 
(b) 
Risks related to the redemption of the Securities 
(i) 
Securities subject to optional redemption by the relevant Issuer 
In accordance with General Conditions 3.2 (Scheduled Payment Currency Cessation Event), 
4.2(e) (FRS Additional Disruption Events), 6.3 (Redemption for tax reasons), 6.5 (Redemption 
for FATCA Withholding), 6.6 (Regulatory Redemption or Compulsory Resales), 6.7 (Clean-up 
Call Option) and 19 (Illegality and Force Majeure), the Final Terms for a particular issue of 
Securities may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
Scheduled Payment Currency Cessation Event, a FRS Additional Disruption Events, for taxation 
reasons, FATCA Withholding, Regulatory Redemption or Compulsory Resales, in case of the 
clean-up call option and illegality and force majeure. The Issuers may redeem such Securities at 
an amount equal to the fair market value of such Security.

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
29 
If the relevant Issuer exercises its right to redeem any Securities, this may limit the market value 
of the Securities concerned. During any period when the relevant Issuer may elect to redeem 
Securities, the market value of those Securities generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they can be redeemed and a Securityholder may not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return. This may also be 
true prior to any redemption period, or during any period where there is an actual or perceived 
increased likelihood that the Securities may be redeemed (including where there are 
circumstances giving rise to a right to redeem for tax or regulatory reasons).  
As a consequence of an early redemption, the yields received upon redemption may be lower 
than expected, and the redemption amount of the Securities may be lower than the purchase price 
for the Securities paid by the Securityholder. The Securityholder may thus not receive the total 
amount of the capital invested. In addition, Securityholders that choose to reinvest monies they 
receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield 
than the redeemed Securities. Should the Securities at such time be trading well above the price 
set for redemption, the negative impact on the Securityholders' anticipated returns would be 
significant. 
(ii) 
Securities subject to automatic redemption 
In accordance with General Conditions 6.4 (Special Tax Redemption) and 6.5 (Redemption for 
FATCA Withholding), the Issuer shall redeem the Securities upon the occurrence of a special tax 
event or (in relation to Swedish Securities and Norwegian Securities) in case of a FATCA 
Withholding. Such automatic redemption may negatively affect the value of the Securities and 
may lead to redemption at an amount or time less favourable for Securityholders. As a result, the 
Securityholder may thus not receive the total amount of the capital invested. 
(iii) 
Risks related to Early Redemption Trigger Events 
General Condition 6.2 (Early Redemption Trigger Events) and Annex 8 – Early Redemption 
Trigger Conditions provide for several Early Redemption Trigger Events (the Issuer Call Early 
Redemption Trigger, the Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger, the Knock-out Early 
Redemption Trigger, the Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger, the Puttable Knock-out 
Early Redemption Trigger, the Target Early Redemption Trigger, the Knock-out Multi 
Underlying Redemption Trigger and the Automatic Early Redemption Trigger), which may limit 
the market value of Securities. On and prior to any Early Redemption Date, the market value of 
those Securities will generally not rise substantially above the price at which they can be 
redeemed. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Securities when its cost of borrowing is lower 
than the interest rate on the Securities. The yields received upon redemption may be lower than 
expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Securities may be lower than the purchase price 
for the Securities paid for the Securities by the investor. As a consequence, part of the capital 
invested by the investor may be lost, so that the investor in such case would not receive the total 
amount of capital invested. Additionally, at the Early Redemption Date, an investor would 
generally not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as 
the interest rate on the Securities being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. 
(iv) 
Risks related to Redemption Methods 
The Redemption Method applicable to the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, may be different to the Redemption Method applicable to 
the Early Redemption Amount. Where Performance Redemption or Growth Redemption applies, 
the Early Redemption Amount, Instalment Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Amount, 
as applicable, will be calculated by reference to a Redemption Payoff. Securityholders should 
therefore also refer to the relevant risk factors set out below which apply to the Redemption 
Payoff specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable for determining the Early

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
30 
Redemption Amount, the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be. The calculation of such Redemption Payoff may be linked to the value of one 
or more Underlying(s) that have been selected under the relevant Redemption Payoff. The 
performance of the Underlying(s) will consequently affect the Early Redemption Amount, 
Instalment Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Amount an investor will receive. 
As a result, the Early Redemption Amount, Instalment Redemption Amount or Final Redemption 
Amount may be less than the nominal amount of the Securities and Securityholders may lose all 
or part of the amount of the capital invested. 
(v) 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount 
Where a Security is subject to early redemption, it may (where specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) be redeemed at its Fair Market Value Redemption Amount, which may be different from 
the amount due on the scheduled redemption date. Save in respect of Securities where the Fair 
Value Redemption Amount is determined by reference to a fixed percentage, the Fair Market 
Value Redemption Amount in respect of a Security will be an amount equal to the fair market 
value of the Security (subject to a minimum of zero).  Following the early redemption of the 
Securities, a Securityholder may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an equivalent 
rate of return to the Securities being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate or in worse investment conditions. 
(vi) 
Redemption Unwind Costs 
Redemption Unwind Costs or Payoff Feature Unwind Costs, if applicable, reflect an amount, 
equal to such Security's pro rata portion of the value (determined in the currency in which the 
Securities are denominated) of any losses, expenses and costs to the relevant Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates who may have hedged the price risk of the Securities and any loss of tax relief 
or other tax consequences of unwinding or adjusting any underlying or related swap agreement 
or other hedging arrangements, all as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. 
The investor has no way of knowing if the Securities have been hedged, the terms of any such 
hedge and the consequences of when such hedge is unwound or adjusted and so have no way of 
knowing what this amount will be and the effect on the amount paid on redemption of the 
Securities. 
(vii) 
Risks related to Disruption Events 
Linked Interest Securities, Linked Redemption Securities, Bond Linked Securities and Credit 
Linked Securities may be subject to risks related to additional disruption events, market 
disruption events, disrupted days and other events that have a material effect on the Securities, 
if applicable (each as defined in the relevant Asset Conditions, the Disruption Events). 
The occurrence of any Disruption Event may result in the postponement of the relevant 
observation date relating to any Underlying or affected component Underlying of a Basket, the 
postponement of the relevant payment date for interest or redemption or the redemption of the 
Securities by the Issuer. The amount to be paid following any postponement of the payment date 
will not be adjusted to take into account any interest or other sum in respect of the postponement 
of the payment. 
Investors should be aware that the Calculation Agent has a large amount of discretion upon the 
occurrence of any Disruption Event. The Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the 
Conditions as it considers appropriate and may determine the fair market value of the relevant 
Underlying or good faith estimate of the level of the Index, as applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant Asset Conditions. 
Any postponement of the observation date or payment date or any amendment to the Conditions 
may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities. The occurrences of any such event

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
31 
may also adversely affect the investors' investment schedule, timetable or plans in relation to 
which the payment dates of the Securities are connected. 
(c) 
Risks related to the Currency of the Securities 
(i) 
Risks relating to Alternative Currency Securities 
If the Securities are Alternative Currency Securities, the occurrence of an Alternative Currency 
Event may lead to postponement of payments under the Securities, payment in an alternative 
currency or early redemption of the Securities. As a result, Securityholders may be adversely 
affected and lose some of the capital invested.  
(ii) 
Risks relating to CNY Securities 
(A) 
CNY is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the 
remittance of Renminbi into and outside the PRC which may adversely affect 
the liquidity of the Securities denominated in Renminbi 
In accordance with the Definitions Conditions, CNY Securities are a form of 
Alternative Currency Securities and may be issued under the Programme. CNY 
is not completely freely convertible at present. The PRC government continues 
to regulate conversion between CNY and foreign currencies.  
Although from 1 October 2016, the CNY has been added to the Special 
Drawing Rights basket created by the International Monetary Fund, there is no 
assurance that the PRC government will liberalise control over cross-border 
remittance of CNY in the future or that new regulations in the PRC will not be 
promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating 
the remittance of CNY into or outside the PRC. In the event that funds cannot 
be repatriated outside the PRC in CNY, this may affect the overall availability 
of CNY outside the PRC and the ability of the relevant Issuer to source CNY 
to finance its obligations under CNY Securities.  
(B) 
There is only limited availability of CNY outside the PRC, which may affect 
the liquidity of the Securities denominated in the CNY and the Issuer's ability 
to source CNY outside the PRC to service such Securities denominated in 
CNY 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC government on cross border 
CNY fund flows, the availability of CNY outside the PRC is limited. While 
the People's Bank of China (the PBOC) has entered into agreements on the 
clearing of CNY business (the Settlement Agreements) with financial 
institutions in a number of financial centres and cities (the CNY Clearing 
Banks), including but not limited to Hong Kong, and is in the process of 
establishing CNY clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other 
jurisdictions, the current size of CNY denominated financial assets outside the 
PRC is limited. 
CNY business participating banks do not have direct CNY liquidity support 
from the PBOC. 
The offshore CNY market is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC 
laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There is no assurance that no new 
PRC regulations will be promulgated or the Settlement Agreements will not be 
terminated or amended so as to have the effect of restricting availability of 
CNY offshore. The limited availability of CNY outside the PRC may affect 
the liquidity of the CNY Securities and, as a consequence, have an adverse 
effect on the value of such CNY Securities.

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
32 
(C) 
Payments with respect to Securities denominated in Renminbi may be made 
only in the manner designated in such Securities 
Securityholders may be required to provide certification and other information 
(including Renminbi account information) in order to be allowed to receive 
payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing and 
settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong. All payments to 
investors with respect to Securities denominated in Renminbi will be made 
only (i) for so long as Securities denominated in Renminbi are represented by 
global securities or global registered securities held with the common 
depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear) or any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank 
account maintained in Hong Kong or (ii) for so long as Securities denominated 
in Renminbi are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account 
maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. 
Other than described in the terms and conditions of the Securities, the Issuer 
cannot be required to make payment by any other means (including in any 
other currency or in bank notes, by cheque or draft or by transfer to a bank 
account in the PRC). 
(d) 
Risks related to the Linked Securities 
(i) 
Risks related to Index Linked Securities  
Chapter 2 of Annex 1 - Asset Conditions: Index Linked Asset Conditions allows for Index 
Linked Securities to be issued. The Issuers may issue Securities where the amount of principal 
and/or interest payable are dependent upon the level of an index or indices. 
Securityholders should be aware that depending on the terms of the Index Linked Securities (i) 
they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may 
occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their 
investment. In addition, the movements in the level of the index or indices may be subject to 
significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in the relevant index or indices and 
the timing of changes in the relevant level of the index or indices may affect the actual yield of 
the Securities, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the 
earlier the change in the level of an index, the greater the effect on yield. 
The market price of such Securities may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to 
the redemption date and the volatility of the level of the index or indices. The level of the index 
or indices may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more 
jurisdictions, including but not limited to the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which 
any securities comprising the index or indices may be traded. Securityholders are exposed to the 
risk that changes in the levels of the index or indices may adversely affect the value of Index 
Linked Securities and as a result, could lose all or part of their investment. 
(ii) 
Risks related to Inflation Linked Securities 
Chapter 4 of Annex 1 - Asset Conditions: Inflation Linked Asset Conditions allows for Inflation 
Linked Securities to be issued. The Issuers may issue Securities where the amount of principal 
and/or interest is determined by reference to an inflation index or inflation indices.  
Neither the current nor the historical levels of any of the inflation indices should be taken as an 
indication of future performance of such inflation index during the term of any Inflation Linked 
Securities. Securityholders are exposed to the risk that changes in the levels of the Inflation Index 
may adversely affect the value of Inflation Linked Securities and as a result, Securityholders 
could lose all or part of their investment.

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
33 
(iii) 
Risks related to FX Linked Securities 
Chapter 3 of Annex 1 - Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset Conditions allows for FX Linked 
Securities to be issued. The Issuers may issue Securities where the amount of principal and/or 
interest payable are dependent upon movements in currency exchange rates or are payable in one 
or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Securities are 
denominated. Accordingly an investment in FX Linked Securities may bear similar market risks 
to a direct foreign exchange investment. 
Securityholders should be aware that, depending on the terms of the FX Linked Securities (i) 
they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of nominal and/or interest (if 
applicable) may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected and (iii) they 
may lose a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, movements in currency exchange 
rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest 
rates or other indices and the timing of changes in the exchange rates may affect the actual yield 
to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier 
the change in currency exchange rates, the greater the effect on yield. 
Exchange rates between currencies are determined by factors of supply and demand in the 
international currency markets, which are influenced, by macro-economic factors, speculation 
and central bank and government intervention (including the imposition of currency controls and 
restrictions). Movements in currency exchange rates may be dependent upon economic, financial 
and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including inflation rates in the countries 
concerned, interest rate differences between the respective countries, economic forecasts, 
international political factors, fiscal and monetary policy, government debt, currency 
convertibility and safety of making financial investments in the currency concerned, speculation 
and intervening measures taken by governments and central banks. Such measures include, 
without limitation, imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a new currency to 
replace an existing currency, alteration of the exchange rate or exchange characteristics by 
devaluation or revaluation of a currency or imposition of exchange controls with respect to the 
exchange or transfer of a specified currency that would affect exchange rates as well as the 
availability of a specified currency. Any such measures could have a negative impact on the 
value of the Securities. 
In recent years, rates of exchange between some currencies have been volatile. This volatility 
may be expected in the future. Fluctuations that have occurred in any particular exchange rate in 
the past are not necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuation that may occur in the rate during 
the term of any Security. Fluctuations in exchange rates will affect the value of FX Linked 
Securities. The market price of such Securities may be volatile and, if the amount of nominal 
and/or interest (if applicable) payable is dependent upon movements in currency exchange rates, 
may depend upon the time remaining to the redemption date and the volatility of currency 
exchange rates.  
As a result, Securityholders are exposed to the risk that changes in the levels of the exchange 
rate may adversely affect the value of FX Linked Securities and as a result, Securityholders could 
lose all or part of their investment. 
(iv) 
Risks related to ETF Linked Securities 
Chapter 6 of Annex 1 - Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions Condition allows for 
ETF Linked Securities to be issued. The Issuers may issue Securities where the amount of 
principal payable is dependent upon the price or changes in the price of units or shares in an 
exchange traded fund or exchange traded funds or, depending on the price or changes in the price 
of units or shares in such a fund or funds, the relevant Issuer's obligation on redemption is to 
deliver a specified amount of shares. As a result, Securityholders are exposed to the risk that 
changes in the price of units or shares in an exchange traded fund or exchange traded funds may 
adversely affect the value of ETF Linked Securities and as a result, Securityholders could lose 
all or part of their investment.

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
34 
(A) 
Where the Underlying is an exchange traded fund, there is a risk that such 
exchange traded fund will not accurately track its underlying share or index 
Where the Securities are linked to an ETF and the investment objective of such 
ETF is to track the performance of a share or an index, the Securityholders are 
exposed to the performance of such ETF rather than the underlying share or 
index such ETF tracks. For certain reasons, including to comply with certain 
tax and regulatory constraints, an ETF may not be able to track or replicate the 
constituent securities of the underlying share or index, which could give rise 
to a difference between the performance of the underlying share or index and 
such ETF. Accordingly, Securityholders who purchase Securities that are 
linked to an ETF may receive a lower return than if such investors had invested 
in the share or the index underlying such ETF directly. 
(B) 
Action or non-performance by the management company, fund administrator 
or sponsor of an exchange traded fund may adversely affect the Securities 
The management company, fund administrator or sponsor of an ETF will have 
no involvement in the offer and sale of the Securities and will have no 
obligation to any purchaser of such Securities. The management company, 
fund administrator or sponsor of an ETF may take any actions in respect of 
such ETF without regard to the interests of the purchasers of the Securities, 
and any of these actions could adversely affect the market value of the 
Securities. In its day-to-day operations and its investment strategy, an ETF will 
rely on the fund advisor, the investment advisor, the management company 
and/or on third parties providing services such as safekeeping of assets or 
acting as counterparty to derivatives or other instruments used by such ETF to 
employ its investment strategy. The insolvency or non-performance of services 
of any such persons or institutions may expose an ETF to financial loss. Failure 
of procedures or systems, as well as human error or external events associated 
with an ETF's management and/or administration may cause losses to an ETF 
and affect the market value of the Securities. 
(C) 
Determinations made by the Calculation Agent in respect of Potential 
Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events may have an adverse effect on 
the value of the Securities 
Upon determining that a Potential Adjustment Event or an Extraordinary Event 
has occurred in relation to an underlying exchange traded fund or in relation to 
a share or unit of an underlying exchange traded fund, the Calculation Agent 
has discretionary authority under the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
to make certain determinations to account for such event including to (i) make 
adjustments to the terms of the Securities and/or (ii) cause early redemption of 
the Securities, any of which determinations may have an adverse effect on the 
value of the Securities. 
(D) 
Risks relating to physical settlement 
Where the Securities provide for physical delivery, the relevant Issuer may 
determine that the specified assets to be delivered are either (a) assets which 
for any reason (including, without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance 
system or due to any law, regulation, court order or market conditions or the 
non-receipt of any requisite consents with respect to the delivery of assets 
which are loans) it is impossible or illegal to deliver on the specified settlement 
date or (b) assets which the relevant Issuer and/or any affiliate has not received 
under the terms of any transaction entered into by the relevant Issuer and/or 
such affiliate to hedge the relevant Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
Securities. Any such determination may delay settlement in respect of the

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
35 
Securities and/or cause the obligation to deliver such specified assets to be 
replaced by an obligation to pay a cash amount which, in either case, may affect 
the value of the Securities and, in the case of payment of a cash amount, will 
affect the timing of the valuation of such Securities and as a result, the amount 
of nominal payable on redemption.  
(E) 
Risks associated with Depositary Receipts 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Partial Lookthrough 
Depositary Receipt Provisions" or the "Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt 
Provisions" apply, the return on the Securities will be linked in full or in part 
to depositary receipts (DRs). DRs represent underlying shares, and therefore 
Securityholders are exposed to the risks of an investment linked to underlying 
shares. The legal owner of the shares underlying the DRs is the custodian bank 
which is also the issuing agent of the depositary receipts. Depending on the 
jurisdiction under which the depositary receipts have been issued, there is a 
risk that such jurisdiction does not legally recognise the purchasers of the DR 
as the beneficial owner of the underlying shares. In the event the custodian 
becomes insolvent or that enforcement measures are taken against the 
custodian it is possible that an order restricting the free disposition of the 
underlying shares is issued. In this event, the purchaser of a DR may lose its 
rights to the underlying shares under the DR and the DR would become 
worthless. As a result, the value of and return on Securities linked to the DRs 
may be negatively affected. 
(F) 
Non-delivery of ETF Units will not constitute an Event of Default 
Where physical settlement applies to the Securities, if the relevant Issuer 
and/or any of its affiliates have not received the ETF Units and/or cash for 
whatever reason, including as a result of a failure to deliver by a third party 
under the terms of any hedging transaction, such event will not constitute an 
Event of Default for the purpose of the Securities. In such circumstances 
settlement of the Securities, may be substantially delayed and/or may be in 
cash (in whole or in part).  
(v) 
Risks related to Share Linked Securities 
Chapter 7 of Annex 1 - Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions Condition allows for 
Share Linked Securities to be issued. The Issuers may issue Securities where the amount of 
principal payable is dependent upon the price or changes in the price of shares, the relevant 
Issuer's obligation on redemption is to deliver a specified amount of shares. As a result, 
Securityholders are exposed to the risk that changes in the price of shares may adversely affect 
the value of Share Linked Securities and as a result, Securityholders could lose all or part of their 
investment. 
(A) 
Limited anti-dilution protection 
The Calculation Agent may make adjustments to elements of the Securities as 
described in the Share Linked Asset Conditions. The Calculation Agent is not 
required to make an adjustment for every corporate event that may affect the 
underlying shares or depositary receipts. Those events or other actions by the 
issuer of underlying shares or depositary receipts or a third party may 
nevertheless adversely affect the market price of the underlying shares or 
depositary receipts and, therefore, adversely affect the value of the Securities. 
The issuer of underlying shares or depositary receipts or a third party could 
make an offering or exchange offer or the issuer of underlying shares or 
depositary receipts could take another action that adversely affects the value

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
36 
of the underlying shares or depositary receipts and the Securities but does not 
result in an adjustment. 
(B) 
Risks relating to physical settlement 
Where the Securities provide for physical delivery, the relevant Issuer may 
determine that the specified assets to be delivered are either (a) assets which 
for any reason (including, without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance 
system or due to any law, regulation, court order or market conditions or the 
non-receipt of any requisite consents with respect to the delivery of assets 
which are loans) it is impossible or illegal to deliver on the specified settlement 
date or (b) assets which the relevant Issuer and/or any affiliate has not received 
under the terms of any transaction entered into by the relevant Issuer and/or 
such affiliate to hedge the relevant Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
Securities. Any such determination may delay settlement in respect of the 
Securities and/or cause the obligation to deliver such specified assets to be 
replaced by an obligation to pay a cash amount which, in either case, may affect 
the value of the Securities and, in the case of payment of a cash amount, will 
affect the timing of the valuation of such Securities and as a result, the amount 
of principal payable on redemption.  
(C) 
Non-delivery of Shares will not constitute an Event of Default 
Where physical settlement applies to the Securities, if the relevant Issuer 
and/or any of its affiliates have not received the Shares and/or cash for 
whatever reason, including as a result of a failure to deliver by a third party 
under the terms of any hedging transaction, such event will not constitute an 
Event of Default for the purpose of the Securities. In such circumstances 
settlement of the Securities, may be substantially delayed and/or may be in 
cash (in whole or in part) which may affect Securityholders.  
(vi) 
Risks related to Fund Linked Securities 
Chapter 8 of Annex 1 - Asset Conditions: Fund Linked Asset Conditions Condition allows for 
Fund Linked Securities to be issued. The fund units used as underlying assets of the Fund Linked 
Securities may be issued by any pooled investment vehicle or other similar type of arrangement, 
such as hedge funds or mutual funds (hereafter a Reference Fund).  As a result, Securityholders 
are exposed to the risk that changes in the price of fund units may adversely affect the value of 
Fund Linked Securities and as a result, Securityholders could lose all or part of their investment. 
Statements in these risk factors concerning funds and fund managers also apply to any portfolio 
or basket of funds and any related portfolio manager. 
(A) 
Risks relating to underlying Reference Funds that are pooled investment 
vehicles 
Fund Interest units, and investments in pooled investment vehicles generally, 
are speculative and involve a high degree of risk. 
To the extent the underlying(s) of a Series of Securities include(s) a Fund 
Interest or Basket of Fund Interests for a Series of Securities, the Securities of 
such Series will be subject to some of the risks of an investment in a Reference 
Fund or the Basket Reference Funds. The lack of oversight and regulation 
associated with arrangements that are Reference Funds may increase the 
likelihood of fraud and negligence by the fund's managers and/or the 
investment advisors, their brokerage firms or banks.

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
37 
Reference Funds may involve complex tax structures and delays in distributing 
important tax information and may have high fees and expenses that may offset 
the Reference Fund's trading profits. 
Substantial redemptions on a Reference Fund on a particular day could require 
such Reference Fund to liquidate positions more rapidly than would be 
otherwise desirable. 
Reference Funds, including the funds on which Securities may be indexed, 
generally do not make information about their operations and holdings public. 
Even if the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor may have arrangements with a 
Reference Fund manager to obtain information required to calculate the value 
of the fund, it may not have access to the activities of the fund on a continuous 
basis or at all. There are currently no regulatory requirements compelling funds 
to release information of the kind that would allow the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor to value a fund or to accurately determine the value of the fund units 
and, consequently, the Redemption Amount of the relevant Securities. 
(B) 
The use of leverage may increase the risk of loss in the value of the fund units 
The underlying funds may have recourse to leverage, i.e. borrow amounts that 
represent more than 100 per cent. of the value of their assets to invest further 
in assets that involve additional risks.  Accordingly, a small downward 
movement in the value of a fund's assets may result in a significantly larger 
loss for the fund. 
(C) 
Fund managers may take risky investments notably because of the possibility 
to earn incentive compensation 
The fund managers and/or the investment advisors to Reference Funds may 
invest in and trade in a variety of financial instruments using sophisticated 
investment techniques for hedging and non-hedging purposes.   
While these investment strategies and financial instruments allow the fund 
managers and/or the investment advisors the flexibility to implement a range 
of strategies in an attempt to generate positive returns for the fund, they also 
create the risk of significant losses that may adversely affect the fund. 
The potential for a fund manager to earn performance-based compensation 
(including a manager that is affiliated with the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor) 
may encourage such fund manager to trade in a more speculative manner than 
it otherwise would. Therefore, because the incentive compensation of the 
fund's managers and/or investment advisors to Reference Funds is often 
directly influenced by the performance of such funds, each fund manager may 
consequently have an incentive to take greater risks when making investments 
that may result in greater profits. By taking greater risks when making 
investments consequently there is greater scope for significant losses. In 
addition, the fund managers and/or the investment advisors may receive 
management, advisory or performance fees even though the fund has not 
realised any gains. 
(D) 
The illiquidity of the underlying Reference Fund's investments or the 
occurrence of certain extraordinary events may cause the payment of the Final 
or Early Redemption Amount, any Instalment Amount or any Interest Amount 
to be reduced or delayed 
Any Interest Amount, Instalment Redemption Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount or Early Redemption Amount due to investors in Fund Linked

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
38 
Securities may be based on the redemption proceeds that would be paid in cash 
by the underlying Reference Fund to a hypothetical investor as a result of a 
valid and timely notice for redemption given by such hypothetical investor 
with effect as of the relevant valuation date. To meet a redemption request, the 
underlying Reference Fund would likely sell its own assets but such 
investments may not be readily saleable on or shortly after the valuation date 
for various reasons, including, but not limited to: 
(I) 
infrequent redemption opportunities allowed by such underlying 
Reference Fund (for example, many Reference Funds only allow 
monthly or quarterly liquidity); 
(II) 
"gating", lock-ups, side pockets or discretionary redemption delays or 
suspensions imposed by such underlying Reference Fund (for 
example, many Reference Funds have provisions whereby 
redemption requests are scaled back if the aggregate amount of such 
requests reaches a predetermined limit); and 
(III) 
such underlying Reference Funds' own investments may be illiquid. 
In these situations, (i) the payment of any Interest Amount, Instalment 
Redemption Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption 
Amount may be postponed by the Calculation Agent to a day soon after the 
date on which the underlying Reference Fund pays all the redemption proceeds 
in respect of a valid and timely redemption order given after the occurrence of 
an event described above or to the maturity date of the Securities. If the 
redemption proceeds have not been paid by the underlying Reference Fund on 
the redemption date of the Securities, the payment of any interest Amount,  
Instalment Redemption Amount or final redemption Amount may be 
postponed. 
If certain extraordinary events occur affecting an underlying Reference Fund, 
such as, but without limitation, the insolvency, nationalisation or merger of the 
underlying Reference Fund, a resignation or termination or replacement of the 
administrator, custodian, investment adviser or manager of the fund, or a 
breach by the underlying Reference Fund of its investment strategy, the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor may decide to terminate soon after the 
occurrence of such extraordinary event, the exposure of the Securities to the 
underlying Reference Fund and pay all amounts due on the redemption date of 
the Securities on the basis of the redemption proceeds paid by the underlying 
Reference Fund in the liquidation of the exposure to such underlying Reference 
Fund. If the underlying Reference Fund is also subject to liquidity problems as 
described above, the postponement of the payment of amounts as described 
above may also apply. 
In the fund industry, it is likely that such delay would have an adverse impact 
on the amount payable to an investor under the Securities. 
(E) 
If the underlying Reference Fund(s) invest(s) through a master-feeder 
structure, the latter may have an adverse effect on the underlying Reference 
Fund(s) and, therefore, the Securities 
The underlying Reference Fund(s) may invest through a "master-feeder" 
structure. As such, the underlying Reference Fund(s) will contribute 
substantially part or all of its assets to the master Reference Fund and may do 
so alongside other investors, including other feeder funds. The relevant master 
fund may also establish or allow investment by additional investors or feeder 
funds in the future.

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
39 
The master-feeder fund structure, in particular the existence of multiple 
investment vehicles investing in the same portfolio, presents certain unique 
risks to investors. The underlying Reference Fund(s) may be materially 
affected by the actions of other investors, investment vehicles and feeder funds 
investing in the master fund, particularly if such investors have large 
investments in the master fund. For example, if a larger investment vehicle or 
entity with a large investment in the master fund redeems from the master fund, 
illiquidity in certain securities or markets could make it difficult for the master 
fund to liquidate positions on favourable terms to effect such redemption, 
which could result in losses or a decrease in the net asset value of the master 
fund. In addition, to satisfy such redemptions, the sub-manager may need to 
liquidate the master fund's most liquid investments, leaving remaining 
investors (including the underlying fund(s)) invested in more illiquid 
instruments. Such withdrawals may also leave the master fund with a less 
diversified pool of investments. This may increase the overall portfolio risk of 
the master fund, and, ultimately, the Securities. Conversely, the sub-manager 
may refuse a redemption request if it believes that such request, if fulfilled, 
would have a material adverse impact on the remaining investors of the master 
fund. This may negatively impact the liquidity of the master fund and, 
therefore, the underlying fund(s) and the Securities. 
(vii) 
Risks related to Rate Linked Securities 
Chapter 5 of Annex 1 - Asset Conditions: Rate Linked Asset Conditions allows for Rate Linked 
Securities to be issued. The Issuers may issue Securities where the amount of principal and/or 
interest payable are dependent upon movements in benchmark rate. Accordingly an investment 
in Rate Linked Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct interest rate investment. 
Securityholders should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Rate Linked Securities (i) 
they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may 
occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose a substantial portion of their 
investment. In addition, movements in interest rates may be subject to significant fluctuations 
that may not correlate with changes in other indices and the timing of changes in the interest 
rates may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their 
expectations. In general, the earlier the change in interest rates, the greater the effect on yield. 
Interest rates are determined by various factors which are influenced by macro-economic, 
political or financial factors, speculation and central bank and government intervention. In recent 
years, interest rates have been relatively low and stable, but this may not continue and interest 
rates may rise and/or become volatile. Fluctuations that have occurred in any interest rate in the 
past are not necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuation that may occur in the rate during the 
term of any Security. Fluctuations in interest rates will affect the value of Rate Linked Securities. 
The market price of such Securities may be volatile and, if the amount of principal and/or interest 
payable is dependent upon movements in interest rates, may depend upon the time remaining to 
the redemption date and the volatility of interest rates. Movements in interest rates may be 
dependent upon economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions. As a result, 
Securityholders are exposed to the risk that changes in interest rates may adversely affect the 
value of Rate Linked Securities and as a result, Securityholders could lose all or part of their 
investment. 
(viii) 
Risks related to Commodity Linked Securities 
Chapter 1 of Annex 1 - Asset Conditions: Commodity Linked Asset Conditions allows for 
Commodity Linked Securities to be issued. The Issuers may issue Securities where the amount 
of principal payable is dependent upon the value of a commodity.

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
40 
Securityholders should be aware that depending on the terms of the Commodity Linked 
Securities (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or 
interest may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial 
portion of their investment. In addition, the movements in the value of the commodity(ies) may 
be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, 
currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant value of a commodity(ies) 
may affect the actual yield to Securityholders, even if the average level is consistent with their 
expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the value of the commodity(ies), the greater 
the effect on yield. 
The market price of such Securities may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining 
to the redemption date and the volatility of the value of the commodity(ies). The value of 
commodities may be affected by economic, financial and political events in one or more 
jurisdictions, including factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which the 
relevant commodities may be traded. 
If a Market Disruption Event in relation to a commodity occurs, this may also have an adverse 
effect on the value or liquidity of the Securities.  
As a result, Securityholders are exposed to the risk that changes in value of a commodity may 
adversely affect the value of Commodity Linked Securities and as a result, Securityholders could 
lose all or part of their investment. 
(ix) 
Risks related to Future Linked Securities 
Chapter 9 of Annex 1 - Asset Conditions: Future Linked Asset Conditions allows for Future 
Linked Securities to be issued. The Issuers may issue Securities where the amount of principal 
and/or interest payable are dependent upon movements in the price of selected future contracts. 
Accordingly, an investment in Future Linked Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct 
investment in the relevant future contract(s). 
In respect of Future Linked Redemption Securities, Securityholders will receive an amount (if 
any) on redemption determined by reference to the value of one or more future contracts and/or 
Future Linked Securities will pay interest calculated by reference to the value of one or more 
future contracts. 
An Extraordinary Event will occur if (a) the relevant exchange makes or announces (i) a 
modification to the future contract, (ii) a replacement of the future contract with a successor 
future contract, (iii) that the future contract will cease to be published permanently, (iv) that the 
future contract is no longer on the same exchange or no longer in the same format as it was on 
the Trade Date, or (b) the Calculation Agent determines that a deterioration in liquidity of the 
future contract since the Trade Date is likely to have a material impact on the Issuer's and its 
affiliates' hedging arrangements. 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, the relevant Issuer may (a) require the 
Calculation Agent to determine whether to make adjustments to the terms of the Securities to 
account for the event, (b) redeem the Future Linked Securities at the Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount, or (c) where the Securities relate to a Basket of Futures, (i) partially redeem 
the Future Linked Securities in proportion to the affected future contracts or (ii) substitute the 
affected future contracts with replacements that satisfy specified criteria. 
In addition, if the published price of a future contract is subsequently corrected, the corrected 
price will be used if it is corrected within the prescribed period, provided that, if the corrected 
price is published less than four Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment it will 
be disregarded. 
Future contracts have a predetermined expiration date. Holding a future contract until expiration 
will result in delivery of the physical underlying or the requirement to make or receive a cash

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
41 
settlement amount. If the applicable Final Terms for the Securities specify that "Roll 
Adjustment" applies, the Securities will be valued by reference to future contracts that have a 
delivery or expiry month that does not correspond with the term of the Securities. Consequently 
the future contracts are "rolled" which means that the future contract that is nearing expiration 
(the Active Future Contract) is sold before it expires and a future contract that has an expiration 
date further in the future  (the Next Active Future Contract) is purchased, thus maintaining 
ongoing exposure to such underlying future contracts throughout the term of the Securities. The 
Calculation Agent will select a new future contract on each Rolling Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
On each rolling date, the price of the Active Future Contract may be lower than the price of the 
Next Active Future Contract if the future curve is in contango, and may be higher than the price 
of the Next Active Future Contract if the future curve is in backwardation. The Roll Adjustment 
may as a consequence have either a positive or negative impact on the value of the Securities. 
This may result in a partial or total loss of the investment in the Notes. 
In addition to the effects of contango and backwardation, each "roll" may generate costs that 
correspond to the expenses incurred in replacing the future contracts (transaction costs) and may 
have an adverse effect on the return of the Securities. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should be aware that in respect of Securities for which 
the applicable Final Terms specify that "Roll Adjustment" applies, the potential negative impact 
on the value of the Securities induced by the roll may lead to a performance of the Securities that 
is worse than the performance that would have been generated by Securities linked to the relevant 
Future(s) underlying asset(s). 
(x) 
Risks related to Multi-Asset Basket Linked Securities 
An investment in Multi-Asset Basket Linked Securities will entail significant risks not associated 
with an investment in a conventional debt security. On redemption of Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Redemption Securities, Securityholders will receive an amount (if any) determined by reference 
to the price, value or level of two (2) or more types of Underlyings. Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Interest Securities pay interest calculated by reference to the price, value or level of two (2) or 
more types of Underlyings. The Underlyings being a commodity, index, FX rate, inflation index, 
benchmark rate, ETF, share or fund interest, please refer to the risk factors above.  
(e) 
Risks related to Credit Linked Securities 
In accordance with Annex 2 (Credit Linked Conditions), the Issuers may issue Securities where 
the amount of nominal and/or interest (if applicable) payable are dependent upon whether certain 
default events (Credit Events) have occurred in respect of one or more Reference Entities and, 
if so, on the value of certain specified assets of such Reference Entity/Entities or where, if such 
events have occurred, on redemption the relevant Issuer's obligation is to deliver certain specified 
assets. The holders of CLSs will accordingly be exposed to the credit of one or more Reference 
Entities, which exposure shall be, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, to the 
full extent of their investment in such Securities. 
Where cash settlement or auction settlement applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation 
to any Reference Entity from time to time may result in a redemption of the Securities in a 
reduced nominal amount or at zero (0) and (if applicable) in a reduction of the amount on which 
interest is calculated. Where physical settlement applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event may 
result in the redemption of the Securities based on the valuation (or by delivery) of certain direct 
or indirect obligations of the affected Reference Entity, which obligations are likely to have a 
market value substantially less than their par amount. 
Under certain circumstances, interest will cease to accrue and in no event shall interest accrue 
on any period commencing after the Scheduled Redemption Date.

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
42 
Prospective investors in any such Securities should be aware that depending on the terms of the 
Credit Linked Securities (CLSs) (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest (if 
applicable), (ii) payment of nominal or interest (if applicable) or delivery of any specified assets 
may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of 
their investment. 
(i) 
Leveraged CLSs may be redeemed early upon the occurrence of certain triggers 
The Issuer may early redeem Leveraged CLSs in whole, but not in part, at the Fair 
Market Value Redemption Amount if (a) "Fair Market Value Trigger" is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and the Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount of a CLS of the relevant Series would be, assuming that such Series of CLSs 
would be redeemed in full on such date at the applicable Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount, less than the Fair Market Value Trigger specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, (b) "Reference Entity Spread Trigger" is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Reference Entity Spread (in the case of a Single Reference 
Entity CLS) or weighted average Reference Entity Spread in respect of all the relevant 
Reference Entities (in the case of an Nth-to-Default CLS or a Linear Basket CLS) 
exceeds the Reference Entity Spread Trigger specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
(c) "Reference Entity Trigger" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred 
exceeds the Reference Entity Trigger specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Prospective investors in any such Securities should be aware that they may lose all or a 
substantial portion of their investment in case of such early redemption. 
(ii) 
Payments on the Securities may be deferred or suspended 
In certain circumstances, for example where (i) a Credit Event has occurred and the 
related credit loss has not been determined as at the relevant date for payment, (ii) where 
a potential Credit Event exists as at the scheduled redemption of the Securities, or (iii) 
pending a resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, payment of the 
redemption amount of the Securities and/or interest (if applicable) on the Securities may 
be deferred for a material period in whole or part without compensation to the holders 
of the Securities and in particular no interest shall accrue on such deferred amount. 
Holders return on the Securities would in such case be reduced. 
(iii) 
Suspension of obligations will suspend payment of nominal and interest 
In certain circumstances, pending a resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determination 
Committee all of the obligations of the relevant Issuer under each CLS (including any 
obligation to deliver any notices, pay any interest, nominal or settlement amount or to 
make any delivery) shall be and remain suspended until ISDA or, as the case may be, 
the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determination 
Committee has resolved the matter in question or not to determine such matters. The 
Calculation Agent will provide notice of such suspension as soon as reasonably 
practicable; however, any failure or delay by the Calculation Agent in providing such 
notice will not affect the validity or effect of such suspension. No interest shall accrue 
on any payments which are suspended in accordance with the above. 
(iv) 
Physical delivery 
Where the Securities provide for physical delivery, the relevant Issuer may determine 
that the specified assets to be delivered are either (a) assets which, for any reason, 
(including, without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any 
law, regulation, court order or market conditions or the non-receipt of any requisite 
consents with respect to the delivery of assets which are loans) it is impossible or illegal 
to deliver on the specified settlement date or (b) assets which the relevant Issuer and/or

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
43 
any affiliate has not received under the terms of any transaction entered into by the 
relevant Issuer and/or such affiliate to hedge the relevant Issuer's obligations in respect 
of the Securities. Any such determination may delay settlement in respect of the 
Securities and/or cause the obligation to deliver such specified assets to be replaced by 
an obligation to pay a cash amount which, in either case, may affect the value of the 
Securities and, in the case of payment of a cash amount, will affect the timing of the 
valuation of such Securities and, as a result, the amount of nominal payable on 
redemption. 
(v) 
Use of Auction Settlement may adversely affect returns to Securityholders 
Where the Securities are redeemed following the occurrence of a Credit Event by 
reference to an auction sponsored by ISDA, the relevant Issuer or its affiliates may act 
as a participating bidder in any such auction and, in such capacity, may take certain 
actions which may influence the Auction Final Price including (without limitation) 
submitting bids, offers and physical settlement requests with respect to the obligations 
of the Reference Entity. If the relevant Issuer or its affiliates participate in an Auction, 
then they will do so without regard to the interests of Securityholders, and such 
participation may have a material adverse effect on the outcome of the relevant Auction 
and/or on the CLSs. Securityholders will not, solely by virtue of holding Securities, 
have any right to submit bids and/or offers in relation to any CLS for the purposes of 
any Auction. 
The Auction Final Price determined pursuant to an Auction may be less than the market 
value that would otherwise have been determined in respect of the specified Reference 
Entity or its obligations.  
Following a "Restructuring" Credit Event in relation to which ISDA sponsors multiple 
concurrent Auctions, but where there is no auction relating to credit derivative 
transactions with a maturity of the Securities, if the Calculation Agent exercises the 
right of the buyer of credit risk protection under the Securities to elect that the Auction 
Final Price is determined by reference to an alternative Auction, the Auction Final Price 
so determined may be lower than the amount which would have been determined based 
on quotations sought from third party dealers. 
Prospective investors should note that the use of Auction Settlement may adversely 
affect the returns. 
(vi) 
Use of Cash Settlement may adversely affect returns to Securityholders 
If the Securities are cash settled, then, following the occurrence of a Credit Event, the 
Calculation Agent will be required to seek quotations in respect of selected obligations 
of the affected Reference Entity. Quotations obtained will be "bid-side" ― that is, they 
will be reduced to take account of a bid-offer spread charged by the relevant dealer. 
Such quotations may not be available, or the level of such quotations may be 
substantially reduced as a result of illiquidity in the relevant markets or as a result of 
factors other than the credit risk of the affected Reference Entity (for example, liquidity 
constraints affecting market dealers). Accordingly, any quotations so obtained may be 
significantly lower than the value of the relevant obligation which would be determined 
by reference to (for example) the present value of related cash flows of such 
Obligations. Quotations will be deemed to be zero (0) in the event that no such 
quotations are available.  
Prospective investors should note that the use of Cash Settlement may adversely affect 
the returns. 
(vii) 
"Cheapest-to-Deliver Risk"

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
44 
The Calculation Agent has discretion to choose the portfolio of obligations to be valued 
or delivered following a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity where Cash 
Settlement or Physical Settlement applies. It is likely that the portfolio of obligations 
selected will be obligations of the Reference Entity with the lowest anticipated market 
value that are permitted to be selected pursuant to the Securities. This could result in a 
lower recovery value and hence greater losses for investors in the Securities. 
(viii) 
Rights associated with Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
The institutions which are members of each Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee owe no duty to the Securityholders and have the ability to make 
determinations that may materially affect the Securityholders, such as the occurrence of 
a Credit Event or a Succession Event. A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
may make determinations without action or knowledge of the Securityholders. 
Securityholders may have no role in the composition of any Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee nor any control over the process for selecting institutions to 
participate on a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and, to the extent 
provided for in the Securities, will be subject to the determinations made by such 
selected institutions in accordance with the DC Rules. 
Securityholders may have no recourse against either the institutions serving on a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee or the external reviewers. Institutions serving 
on a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and the external reviewers, among 
others, disclaim any duty of care or liability arising in connection with the performance 
of duties or the provision of advice under the DC Rules, except in the case of gross 
negligence, fraud or wilful misconduct. Furthermore, the institutions on the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee do not owe any duty to the Securityholders and 
the Securityholders will be prevented from pursuing claims with respect to actions taken 
by such institutions under the DC Rules. 
Investors should note that the DC Rules may be amended from time to time without the 
consent or input of the Securityholders and the powers of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee may be expanded or modified as a result.  
(ix) 
Non-delivery of Deliverable Obligations and Hedge Disruption Event will not constitute 
an Event of Default 
Where Physical Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method, if as a result of a Hedge 
Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer and/or any of its affiliates have not received the 
Deliverable Obligations and/or cash under the terms of a Hedge Transaction, such event 
will not constitute an Event of Default for the purposes of the Securities. In such 
circumstances settlement of the Securities may be substantially delayed and/or may be 
in cash (in whole or in part) which may negatively impact the return on the Securities.  
(x) 
Calculation Agent may modify terms of the Securities 
The Calculation Agent may, following its determination that there has been a change in 
the prevailing market standard terms or market trading conventions (including, but not 
limited to changes that affect any CDS hedging transaction), modify the terms of the 
Securities. If the Calculation Agent modifies the terms of the Securities, it will do so 
without regard to the interests of the holders of the Securities and any such modification 
may be prejudicial to the interests of the holder of the Securities. 
(f) 
Risks related to Bond Linked Securities 
In accordance with Annex 3 (Bond Linked Conditions), the Issuers may issue Securities where 
the amount of nominal and/or interest (if applicable) payable are dependent upon whether certain 
events (Bond Events) have occurred in respect of one or more Bonds and, if so, on the value of

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
45 
the relevant Bond or where, if such events have occurred, on redemption the relevant Issuer's 
obligation is to deliver the Bond issued by the issuer of the Bond (the Bond Issuer). 
The holders of BLSs will be exposed to the credit of one or more Bonds, which exposure shall 
be, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, to the full extent of their investment in 
such Securities.  
Upon the occurrence of any specified Bond Event with respect to a Bond, the Securityholders 
may suffer significant losses at a time when losses may be suffered by a direct investor in the 
Bond. More generally, prospective investors in any such Securities should be aware that 
depending on the terms of the Bond Linked Securities (BLSs) (i) they may receive no or a limited 
amount of interest (if applicable), (ii) payment of nominal or interest (if applicable) or delivery 
of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or 
a substantial portion of their investment. 
(i) 
BLSs may be redeemed early upon the occurrence of certain triggers 
The Issuer may early redeem BLSs in whole, but not in part, at the Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount if "Fair Market Value Trigger" is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, and the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount of a BLS 
of the relevant Series would be, assuming that such Series of BLSs would be redeemed 
in full on such date at the applicable Fair Market Value Redemption Amount, less than 
the Fair Market Value Trigger specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Payments on the Securities may be deferred or suspended 
In certain circumstances, for example where (i) a Bond Event has occurred and the 
related Realisable Amount or Hedge Amount has not been determined as at the relevant 
date for payment or (ii) where a potential failure to pay exists as at the scheduled 
redemption of the Securities, payment of the redemption amount of the Securities and/or 
interest on the Securities may be deferred for a material period in whole or part without 
compensation to the holders of the Securities and interest (if applicable) will cease to 
accrue on the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Event Determination 
Date. In no event shall interest accrue on any period commencing after the Scheduled 
Redemption Date. 
(iii) 
Physical delivery 
Where the Securities provide for physical delivery of the affected Bond, the relevant 
Issuer may determine that the Bonds to be delivered are either (a) assets which for any 
reason (including, without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to 
any law, regulation, court order or market conditions or the non-receipt of any requisite 
consents with respect to the delivery of assets which are loans) it is impossible or illegal 
to deliver on the specified settlement date or (b) assets which the relevant Issuer and/or 
any affiliate has not received under the terms of any transaction entered into by the 
relevant Issuer and/or such affiliate to hedge the relevant Issuer's obligations in respect 
of the Securities. Any such determination may delay settlement in respect of the 
Securities and/or cause the obligation to deliver the Bond to be replaced by an obligation 
to pay a cash amount which, in either case, may affect the value of the Securities and, 
in the case of payment of a cash amount, will affect the timing of the valuation of such 
Securities and as a result, the amount of nominal payable on redemption.  
Prospective investors should note that the use of Physical Settlement may adversely 
affect the returns. 
(iv) 
Use of Cash Settlement may adversely affect returns to Securityholders 
If the Securities are cash settled, then, following the occurrence of a Bond Event, the 
Calculation Agent will be required to seek quotations in respect of the Bonds (unless

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
46 
the Bond has been redeemed or an Exchange Event has occurred). Quotations obtained 
will be "bid-side" ― that is, they will be reduced to take account of a bid-offer spread 
charged by the relevant dealer. Such quotations may not be available, or the level of 
such quotations may be substantially reduced as a result of illiquidity in the relevant 
markets or as a result of factors other than the credit risk of the affected Bond Issuer 
(for example, liquidity constraints affecting market dealers). Accordingly, any 
quotations so obtained may be significantly lower than the value of the relevant 
obligation which would be determined by reference to (for example) the present value 
of related cash flows. Quotations will be deemed to be zero (0) in the event that no such 
quotations are available.  
Prospective investors should note that the use of Cash Settlement may adversely affect 
the returns.  
(v) 
Non-delivery of Bonds will not constitute an Event of Default 
Where Physical Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method, if the relevant Issuer 
and/or any of its affiliates have not received the Bonds and/or cash under the terms of a 
Hedge Transaction, such event will not constitute an Event of Default for the purpose 
of the Securities. In such circumstances settlement of the Securities, may be 
substantially delayed and/or may be in cash (in whole or in part). 
(g) 
Risks related to Preference Share Linked Securities 
(i) 
Securityholders are exposed to Preference Share Linked Securities 
The Preference Share Issuer may issue Preference Share Linked Securities where the 
Final Redemption Amount (as defined in the Preference Share Linked Conditions) is 
dependent upon changes in the market value of the relevant Preference Shares, which 
may fluctuate up or down depending on (A) the performance of a specified index or 
basket of indices, share or basket of shares, exchange traded funds, currency or basket 
of currencies, debt instrument or basket of debt instruments, commodity or basket of 
commodities or to such other underlying instruments, bases of reference or factors (the 
Preference Share Underlying) as set out in the terms and conditions of the Preference 
Shares (the Preference Share Terms) and (B) the financial condition and standing of 
the Preference Share Issuer. If as a result of the performance of the Preference Share 
Underlying(s), the market value of the Preference Shares decreases, the value of the 
Preference Share Linked Securities will be adversely affected.  
This could negatively affect the value of the Preference Share and therefore the value 
of the Preference Share Linked Securities. 
In addition, an investment in Preference Share Linked Securities does not confer any 
legal or beneficial interest in the Preference Shares or any Preference Share Underlying 
or any voting rights, right to receive dividends or other rights that a holder of the 
Preference Shares or any Preference Share Underlying may have. This means that 
potential losses in value of the Securities cannot be compensated by other income. 
Investors should be aware that the Preference Share Linked Securities are not principal 
protected, they are exposed to the performance of the relevant Preference Shares and 
accordingly they risk losing all or a part of their investment if the value of the Preference 
Shares does not move in a positive direction.  
(ii) 
Adjustments or early redemptions 
In certain circumstances (such as the Issuer receiving notice from the Preference Share 
Issuer or the Preference Share Determination Agent that the Preference Shares will be 
redeemed early following the occurrence of certain events in relation to the Preference 
Shares or the Preference Share Issuer (such as an illegality, a change in law that results

--- Page 47 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
47 
in the Preference Share Issuer being subject to additional regulation or an external event 
affecting an underlying asset to which the Preference Shares are linked)), the Issuer will 
redeem the Preference Share Linked Securities early at the Early Redemption Amount 
in accordance with the Preference Share Linked Conditions, as determined by it or the 
Calculation Agent without the consent of the holders of the Preference Share Linked 
Securities. The Calculation Agent may determine the occurrence of an Extraordinary 
Event or Additional Disruption Event in relation to the Preference Share Linked 
Securities. Upon such determination, the relevant Issuer may, at its option redeem the 
Preference Share Linked Securities in whole at the Early Redemption Amount. 
Preference Share Linked Securities can also be early redeemed upon the occurrence of 
a Preference Share Early Redemption Event, in which case, they shall be redeemed at 
the Auto-call Redemption Amount. 
If certain events occur in relation to the relevant Preference Share Underlying, the 
Preference Share Issuer and/or the Preference Share Determination Agent (as 
applicable) may make adjustments to certain of the terms of the Preference Shares as it 
determines appropriate or, if it determines that it is unable to make any such adjustment, 
terminate the Preference Shares at their market value less any costs associated with the 
early termination of the Preference Shares including the costs of unwinding any hedging 
arrangements relating to the Preference Shares or the Preference Share Linked 
Securities. Preference Share Linked Securities will be subject to early termination if a 
Preference Share Early Termination Event (as defined in the Preference Share Linked 
Conditions) occurs. Upon the occurrence of a Preference Share Early Termination 
Event, the relevant Issuer will redeem the Preference Share Linked Securities at the 
Early Redemption Amount. The Early Redemption Amount may be less (and in certain 
circumstances, significantly less) than investors' initial investment in the relevant 
Securities and could be as low as zero (0). 
(h) 
Risks related to unfunded or highly leveraged Securities 
Leverage involves the use of a number of financial techniques to increase the exposure of a 
Security to the applicable underlying and can therefore magnify both returns and losses. Whilst 
the use of leverage allows for potential multiples of a return (assuming a return is achieved) when 
the applicable underlying moves in the anticipated direction, it will conversely magnify losses 
when such underlying moves against expectations of investors. When a Security incorporates a 
leverage mechanism, potential investors should note that such Securities will involve a higher 
level of risk, and that whenever there are losses such losses may be higher than those of a similar 
security which is not leveraged. Investors should therefore only invest in leveraged Securities if 
they fully understand the effects of such leverage that may be embedded in the Securities and 
should expect in some circumstances not to receive any payment in respect of the Redemption 
Amount. 
(i) 
Risks related to Payoff Features 
In accordance with Annex 7 (Payoff Feature Conditions), the Securities may be subject to the 
application of a Payoff Feature. The application of a Payoff Feature may mean that Securities 
are, in turn, subject to the application of Linked Interest and/or Linked Redemption, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Linked Interest Rate and/or Redemption Payoff determined under the Linked Interest or 
Linked Redemption may be linked to the value of the Underlying(s) that have been selected 
under the relevant Standard Interest Payoffs, Combination Interest Payoffs, Standard 
Redemption Payoffs and/or Combination Redemption Payoffs. Negative performance of the 
Underlying(s) will consequently affect the value of the Linked Interest Rate and/or Redemption 
Payoff determined under the Linked Interest or Linked Redemption. Principal and/or interest 
paid as a result of the application of the relevant Payoff Feature may be less (and in certain 
circumstances, significantly less) than investors' initial investment in the relevant Securities and 
could be as low as zero (0).

--- Page 48 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
48 
(i) 
Additive Payoff Feature 
The Additive Payoff Feature sets out that any Payoff Feature may be combined with one or more 
other Payoff Features. Accordingly where Additive Payoff Feature apply, investors should refer 
to the relevant Payoff Feature Conditions included in the combination. This combination results 
in the payoff being all the more complex and investors should be aware that the result may be 
that the relevant Security does not perform as they may expect and that they could lose all or part 
of their investment. 
(ii) 
Global Cap Interest Payoff Feature and Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature 
For each Interest Payment Date on which the sum of the Interest Amounts paid or accrued up to 
and including such Interest Payment Date is equal to or greater than the Global Cap Amount, no 
Interest Amount will be payable. 
The amount payable on the Redemption Date or an Instalment Date may be reduced by (in the 
case of the Final Redemption Amount) an amount equal to the Global Cap Amount or (in the 
case of each Instalment Redemption Amount) the Instalment Cap. The value of an underlying 
may therefore negatively affect the amount payable on the Redemption Date or an Instalment 
Date, as the case may be, if the interest amounts are calculated by reference to the value of an 
underlying. 
(iii) 
Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature and Global Floor Redemption Payoff Feature 
For a specified Interest Payment Date on which the sum of the Interest Amounts paid or accrued 
up to and including such Interest Payment Date is less than the Global Floor Amount, the Interest 
Amount payable on such Interest Payment Date will be adjusted so that the sum of such Interest 
Amounts will equal the Global Floor Amount.  
The amount payable on the Redemption Date or the final Instalment Date, as the case may be, 
may be increased by an amount equal to the Global Floor Amount. The value of an underlying 
may therefore negatively affect the amount payable on the Redemption Date or the final 
Instalment Date, as the case may be, if the interest amounts are calculated by reference to the 
value of an underlying. 
(iv) 
Currency Performance Payoff Feature 
Where Currency Performance Payoff Feature is applicable, the relevant Linked Interest Rate or 
Redemption Payoff, or part thereof, will be adjusted by multiplying the relevant percentage by 
an amount equal to 1 (one) minus the performance of the Reference Currency with respect to a 
Strike Level. This adjustment may impact the market value of the Securities and result in the 
investor receiving less than the amount invested. 
(v) 
Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature and Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature 
Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the Securities 
outstanding may request or elect (as the case may be in accordance with the relevant applicable 
terms and conditions) to change: 
(A) 
the basis on which interest is calculated from Linked Interest1 to Linked 
Interest2 and/or 
(B) 
the basis on which the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is calculated from Linked 
Redemption1 to Linked Redemption2. 
Such request (in respect of a change from Linked Interest1 to Linked Interest2) or election is 
irrevocable upon the giving of an Investor Interest Switch Notice or Investor Redemption Switch 
Notice, as applicable. If the investor requests and the Issuer agrees (in respect of a change from

--- Page 49 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
49 
Linked Interest1 to Linked Interest2), or the investor elects, to switch, there is no guarantee that 
Linked Interest2 or Linked Redemption2, as applicable, will remain the most beneficial way of 
calculating the interest or the redemption for subsequent periods, as applicable and accordingly 
the return may be lower than the investor may expect. 
(vi) 
Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature and Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature 
The relevant Issuer may elect to change: 
(A) 
the basis on which interest is calculated from Linked Interest1 to Linked 
Interest2 and/or 
(B) 
the basis on which the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is calculated from Linked 
Redemption1 to Linked Redemption2. 
If the relevant Issuer elects to exercise such option this may negatively affect the Linked Interest 
Rate and/or the Redemption Payoff, as applicable, and therefore the value of the Securities. 
(vii) 
Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature and Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff 
Feature 
In the event of a Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature or Knock-out Redemption Switch 
Payoff Feature being applicable, upon the occurrence of a Knock-out Interest Switch Event or a 
Knock-out Redemption Switch Event: 
(A) 
if the Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature is applicable, the method of 
calculating the Linked Interest Rate will automatically switch from Linked 
Interest1 to Linked Interest2, and/or 
(B) 
if the Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff Feature is applicable, the method 
of calculating the Redemption Payoff with respect to the Final Redemption 
Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, will 
automatically switch from Linked Redemption1 to Linked Redemption2. 
The switch may not be beneficial for investors and this feature may negatively impact the value 
of the Securities. 
(viii) 
Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature 
The basis on which interest is calculated will switch automatically from Linked Interest1 to 
Linked Interest2 if a Target Interest Switch Event occurs.  
Linked Interest2 may be a less beneficial way of calculating the Linked Interest Rate in 
subsequent Interest Accrual Periods and this may also negatively affect the value of the 
Securities. 
(ix) 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature and Shout Option 
Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature 
Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the Securities 
outstanding may request to fix the Underlying Value of each relevant Underlying used to 
determine the interest amounts and the Final Redemption Amount or the relevant Instalment 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in the event the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature is applicable 
to the interest amounts, for current interest accrual periods; and/or  
(b) 
in the event the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature is 
applicable to the redemption amount, for the purpose of determining the Final

--- Page 50 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
50 
Redemption Amount or the relevant Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be. 
The Issuer has sole discretion to decline to give the relevant level, meaning that the 
Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the Securities 
outstanding would not be able to fix the relevant Underlying on the date they request. The Issuer 
may continually decline to fix the relevant Underlying Value and so the Securityholder may 
never be able to exercise its option. 
If the Securityholder elects to fix the Underlying Value of each relevant Underlying, such 
decision shall be irrevocable upon the giving of the Shout Option Exercise Notice and there is 
no guarantee that the value will be more beneficial compared to the values that may be achievable 
subsequently. Such election may affect the value of the Securities. 
(x) 
Memory Interest Payoff Feature 
In the event that the Linked Interest Rate in any Interest Accrual Period is zero (0), where the 
Linked Interest Rate in any subsequent Interest Accrual Period is greater than zero (0), such 
Linked Interest Rate will be increased by a factor reflecting the number of previous consecutive 
Interest Payment Dates to which no interest was paid. There is no guarantee that the relevant 
Linked Interest Rate will reflect a market rate and the value of the Securities may substantially 
decrease. Furthermore there is no guarantee that the Linked Interest Rate will be greater than 
zero (0) in which case the Interest Amounts payable under the Securities may be zero (0). 
(xi) 
Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature and Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff 
Feature 
If the Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature or Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature 
applies, the interest amounts payable under the Securities and/or the amounts payable on 
redemption may be paid in a currency that is different to the currency in which the Securities are 
denominated. If more than one Interest Currency is specified in the applicable Final Terms the 
relevant Issuer may, at its discretion, choose from any one of the currencies specified and the 
investor will not know what currency interest amounts payable under the Securities will be paid 
in prior to the relevant payment date. If more than one Redemption Currency is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of a Redemption Date, Early Redemption Date or Instalment 
Date, the relevant Issuer may, at its discretion, choose from any one of the currencies specified 
and the investor will not know what currency the amount payable on such date will be paid in 
prior to the relevant payment date. The relevant Dual Currency (Interest) Exchange Rate or Dual 
Currency (Redemption) Exchange Rate, as the case may be, may be volatile and investors may 
receive a lower interest amount or Redemption Payoff payable on redemption than expected. 
Investors should also refer to the risks set out under "Exchange rate risks and exchange controls" 
for a general discussion as to risks involved in conversion. 
(xii) 
Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature 
If Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature applies, the Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Securities outstanding may request to change the basis on 
which interest is calculated. Following receipt of such request, the Issuer will notify the 
Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the Securities 
outstanding of the manner in which it would propose to change the basis on which interest is 
calculated and the Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Securities outstanding may agree with the Issuer in implementing such changes, or not. There is 
no guarantee that any change in the basis on which interest is calculated will be beneficial for 
Securityholders. 
(xiii) 
Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature

--- Page 51 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
51 
If Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature applies, the Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of 
the aggregate nominal amount of the Securities outstanding may request to change the Final 
Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be. Following 
receipt of such request, the Issuer will notify the Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Securities outstanding of the manner in which it would propose 
to change the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be, and the Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Securities outstanding may agree with the Issuer in implementing such changes, or not. There is 
no guarantee that any change in the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, will be beneficial for Securityholders. 
(xiv) 
Single Interest Payment Date Payoff Feature 
The amount payable as interest may accrue throughout the life of the Securities based on 
observations and determinations throughout the life of the Securities but will be paid as a single 
amount on the Single Interest Payment Date. Where Securities are redeemed prior to the Single 
Interest Payment Date, there is no guarantee that the amount payable on such redemption date 
will take into account (i) any accrued but unpaid interest, or (ii) the amount that would have been 
payable as interest if the Securities had not been redeemed early, which may affect the market 
value of the Securities. 
(xv) 
Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature and Knock-out Performance 
Redemption Switch Payoff Feature 
In the event of a Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature being applicable, upon 
the occurrence of a Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Event, the method of calculating the 
Linked Interest Rate will automatically switch from Linked Interest1 to Linked Interest2. 
In the event of a Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature being applicable, 
upon the occurrence of a Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Event, the method of 
calculating the Final Redemption Amount or the relevant Instalment Amount, as the case may 
be, will automatically switch from Linked Redemption1 to Linked Redemption2. 
The switch may not be beneficial for investors and this feature may negatively impact the value 
of the Securities. 
(xvi) 
Reserve Interest Payoff Feature 
In the event of a Reserve Interest Payoff Feature being applicable, the Linked Interest Raten is 
calculated for each Interest Accrual Periodn from (and including) the Initial Reserve Accrual 
Period to (and excluding) the Final Reserve Accrual Period, as the lesser of (a) the Cap and (b) 
the sum of the Linked Interestn and Reserven-1 for the relevant Interest Accrual Period. The 
Linked Interest Rate is calculated for each Interest Accrual Periodn from (and including) the 
Final Reserve Accrual Period as the sum of the Linked Interest Raten and Reserven-1 for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period. There is no guarantee that this Payoff Feature will be beneficial 
for Securityholders. 
(xvii) 
Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature 
Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the Securities 
outstanding may request may request to substitute a Bond by delivering a notice on or before a 
Bond Switch Option Expiry Date. Following receipt of such request, the Issuer shall provide the 
relevant Bond Switch Option Pricing, reflecting the cost or gain of effecting the switch of Bonds 
requested by the Securityholders, the difference between the market value of the replaced Bond 
and the replacing Bond and the resulting adjusted Linked Interest Rate applicable to the 
Securities. The Securityholders have the ability to request to fix the Bond Switch Option Pricing 
at a particular level; the Issuer has sole discretion to decline such request meaning the 
Securityholders holding 100 per cent. Of the aggregate nominal amount of the Securities

--- Page 52 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
52 
outstanding would not be able to fix the relevant Bond Switch Option Pricing. The Issuer may 
continually decline to fix the relevant Bond Switch Option Pricing at the level requested by 
Securityholders. 
If the investor elects, and the Issuer agrees, to fix the Bond Switch Option Pricing at a particular 
level, it is irrevocable upon the giving of the Bond Switch Option Exercise Notice and there is 
no guarantee that the Bond Switch Option Pricing will be more beneficial compared to a Bond 
Switch Option Pricing that may be achievable subsequently. 
(j) 
Risks related to Secured Securities 
(i) 
Limitation of the Collateral Assets 
The security provided for a Series of Secured Securities is limited to the Collateral Assets 
constituting the Collateral Pool applicable to such Series and, in the case of a Multiple Series 
Collateral Pool, to all Series of Secured Securities which are secured by the same Collateral Pool. 
There is no guarantee that the Collateral Assets will be sufficient to ensure that, following 
enforcement of a Pledge Agreement, the amounts available for distribution or the value of the 
Collateral Assets available to be delivered by the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as 
applicable) will be sufficient to pay all amounts due to Securityholders in respect of the relevant 
Series of Secured Securities (see "Shortfall on Realisation of Collateral Assets and Limited 
Recourse of Securityholders"). As a result, investors may lose a substantial part, or all, of their 
investment. 
(ii) 
Diverse interests of Securityholders in case of Multiple Series Collateral Pools 
Where the applicable Final Terms in respect of a Series of Secured Securities specify that 
"Multiple Series Collateral Pool" will be applicable, security over the Collateral Pool may be 
shared by a number of Series of Secured Securities.  
In such circumstances, on the enforcement of the security created over the relevant Collateral 
Pool, to the extent there is a deficit in the amounts available to be paid to the Securityholders, 
the Securityholders of each Series of Securities which is secured on the same Collateral Pool 
will suffer a proportionate loss in their investment. The Issuer has no obligation to obtain the 
consent of existing Securityholders before issuing a new Series of Secured Securities linked to a 
Collateral Pool where Multiple Series Collateral Pool applies and so, depending on the number 
of Series issued, a Securityholder may find a large number of different Securityholders who will 
all have an interest in the relevant Collateral Pool. 
Where more than one series of Secured Securities is secured by the same Collateral Pool, the 
value of the Collateral Assets in a Collateral Pool may not reflect the relevant Secured Securities 
Market Value of a particular series of Secured Securities (or the aggregate Secured Securities 
Market Value of the series of Secured Securities secured by the relevant Collateral Pool) as 
accurately as if the Collateral Assets in a Collateral Pool were held in respect of a single series 
of Secured Securities only. 
Where more than one Series of Secured Securities is secured by the same Collateral Pool, the 
Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) will be obliged to consider the interests of 
all Securityholders from each such Series as a single class regardless of which of the relevant 
Series they belong to. As a consequence, to the extent that the Security Trustee or the Security 
Agent (as applicable) requests instructions from the Securityholders or the Securityholders are 
entitled to exercise a discretion, a Securityholder may be less able to direct the Security Trustee 
or the Security Agent (as applicable) (including as to the manner in which enforcement of the 
applicable security takes place) or influence the outcome of such discretion than would be the 
case if such holder held a Secured Security which was secured on a segregated Collateral Pool 
that did not secure other Series of Secured Securities. 
(iii) 
Absence of Collateral Monitoring

--- Page 53 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
53 
Where Secured Securities are subject to Collateral Monitoring, on each Collateral Test Date, the 
Collateral Monitoring Agent shall verify whether the Collateral Value is greater than or equal to 
the Required Collateral Value for such Collateral Pool, taking into account any Haircut to be 
applied to the Collateral Assets. 
Where it is not possible to provide such verification, the Issuer or the Third Party Chargor (or 
the Collateral Manager on their behalf) may be required to deliver, or procure the delivery of, 
additional or replacement Collateral Assets to the Collateral Account such that after such 
adjustment of Collateral Assets the test referred to above will be satisfied. Investors, 
nevertheless, will be exposed to a decline in the Collateral Value prior to any such adjustment. 
Prior to such adjustment there is also a risk that the Collateral Assets may not meet the Eligibility 
Criteria, all of which is expected to impact the value of the Securities. 
Where Secured Securities are not subject to Collateral Monitoring, there will be no on-going 
monitoring of the composition of the Collateral Pool (save where Collateral Assets in the 
Collateral Pool are substituted in accordance with the Secured Security Conditions) and 
Securityholders are therefore exposed to a decline in the value of the Collateral Assets, possibly 
to zero (0). 
(iv) 
Low Frequency of Collateral Test Dates where Collateral Monitoring is applicable 
In order to ensure that a Series of Secured Securities to which Collateral Monitoring applies is 
collateralised in accordance with its terms, the Collateral Value and the Required Collateral 
Value will be determined on the Issue Date, on each periodic Collateral Test Date thereafter as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and on any additional date which is deemed to be a 
Collateral Test Date pursuant to the terms of the Secured Security Conditions. The lower the 
frequency of the periodic Collateral Test Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms and hence 
the greater the period of time in between each such periodic Collateral Test Date the more likely 
it is that upon enforcement of the relevant Pledge Agreement, the proceeds of enforcement that 
a Securityholder will receive or, where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement 
is applicable, the value of the Collateral Assets delivered, will be less than the amounts due to 
Securityholders in respect of the relevant Series of Secured Securities. Securityholders are 
therefore exposed to a decline in the value of the Securities as a result. 
Where Secured Securities are not subject to Collateral Monitoring, there will be no periodic 
adjustments to the Collateral Assets in the Collateral Pool during the life of the relevant Secured 
Securities other than on any date which is deemed to be a Collateral Test Date pursuant to the 
terms of the Secured Security Conditions. In this case, if the security created under the relevant 
Pledge Agreement is enforced, the Collateral Assets available for distribution or delivery to 
Securityholders on enforcement, may be less than the amounts due to Securityholders in respect 
of the relevant Series of Secured Securities. 
(v) 
Substitution of Collateral Assets 
If Collateral Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer or 
Third Party Chargor (or the Collateral Manager on their behalf) may withdraw and/or replace 
Collateral Assets from any Collateral Account provided that following such adjustment the 
applicable Collateral Test continues to be satisfied. The Issuer or Third Party Chargor (or the 
Collateral Manager on their behalf) may give instructions for the substitution of Collateral Assets 
any number of times over the term of the Secured Securities and is not required to obtain the 
consent of the Collateral Monitoring Agent (where applicable in relation to a Series of Secured 
Securities) or any other party prior to effecting the proposed substitution of Collateral Assets. 
Until any further adjustments to the Collateral Assets have occurred, the value of Collateral 
Assets held in a Collateral Account securing a Series of Secured Securities may be less than it 
would have been were it not for the substitution of Collateral Assets. 
(vi) 
Early redemption or cancellation at the option of the Issuer upon a Collateral 
Disruption Event

--- Page 54 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
54 
Secured Securities will be subject to Collateral Disruption Events (as defined in the Secured 
Security Conditions) which may increase the possibility (in comparison with Securities, which 
are not secured) of the Secured Securities being redeemed or cancelled early. Upon the 
occurrence of a Collateral Disruption Event, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
redeem or cancel, as applicable, all of the relevant Secured Securities at their Early Redemption 
Amount following the occurrence of a Collateral Disruption Event. Following the early 
redemption of the Secured Securities, a Securityholder may not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an equivalent rate of return to the Secured Securities being redeemed 
and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate or in worse investment conditions.  
(vii) 
Secured Security Acceleration Event and enforcement of the security 
Following the occurrence of a Secured Security Event of Default, all the Secured Securities of 
the relevant Series may (upon action of a holder of such Secured Securities) become immediately 
due and repayable at their applicable Early Redemption Amount.  
Following such occurrence, a Secured Security Acceleration Event may occur and the 
Securityholders will be entitled to claim for any outstanding amounts due to them in accordance 
with the Secured Security Conditions under the terms of, and subject to, the Guarantee. 
The Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) is only obliged to enforce a Pledge 
Agreement after having received a Collateral Enforcement Notice from a Securityholder. A 
Securityholder is only entitled to send a Collateral Enforcement Notice to the Security Trustee 
or the Security Agent (as applicable) if neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has paid all amounts 
due to such Securityholder within a determined period following the occurrence of the relevant 
Secured Security Acceleration Event. 
The existence of such period means that there will be a delay between the occurrence of a 
Secured Security Acceleration Event and the enforcement of the corresponding Pledge 
Agreement during which period there may be a depreciation in the value of the relevant 
Collateral Assets, thus reducing the amount available to satisfy the claims of Securityholders 
upon realisation of the Collateral Assets or the value of Collateral Assets available to be delivered 
to the Securityholders. 
Where the Collateral Assets consist of debt securities, shares or other tradable securities, 
liquidation of all the Collateral Assets simultaneously may increase the risk (and accordingly 
affect the value of the Securities) that the proceeds of realisation of the Collateral Assets may be 
less than the sums due to the relevant Securityholders under the relevant Secured Securities 
because liquidation of all the Collateral Assets in the Collateral Pool at the same time could, in 
particular market circumstances, lead to a reduction in the market value of some or all of the 
Collateral Assets. 
(viii) 
Entitlement of Securityholders on enforcement and subordination to payment of 
expenses and other payments 
Following the enforcement of a Pledge Agreement, the rights of Securityholders to be paid 
amounts from the proceeds of such enforcement and the realisation of the related Collateral 
Assets or, where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement is applicable, to be 
delivered Collateral Assets, will be limited to the applicable Early Redemption Amount. 
The Early Redemption Amount in respect of a Secured Security will be equal to its Fair Market 
Value Redemption Amount, which is likely to be different from the amount due on the scheduled 
redemption date. The Fair Market Value Redemption Amount in respect of a Security will be for 
these purposes an amount equal to the fair market value of the Security (subject to a minimum 
of zero) as at (or about) the date of early redemption, taking into account, without limitation, (i) 
the deduction of the Hedge Amount (except for an early redemption following the occurrence of 
an Additional Disruption Event and in respect of Italian Listed Certificates) and (ii) in the case 
of the Bond Linked Securities, the value of the relevant Bond but disregarding (1) the financial

--- Page 55 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
55 
condition of the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor and (2) any collateral which has been, or is 
required to be, delivered in connection with such Security. 
A Securityholder's entitlement to the Early Redemption Amount in respect of any Secured 
Security in respect of which a Secured Security Acceleration Event has occurred will be 
subordinated to and therefore rank behind claims relating to any amounts payable to Secured 
Parties ranking prior to the Securityholders in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and any rights of preference existing by operation of law. 
(ix) 
Shortfall on Realisation of Collateral Assets and limited recourse of Securityholders 
The security provided for a Series of Secured Securities is limited to the Collateral Assets 
constituting the Collateral Pool applicable to such Series together with the Issuer's right, benefit, 
interest and title, present and future, in, under and to the Charged Documents (to the extent they 
relate to such Series). The value realised for the Collateral Assets in the relevant Collateral Pool 
or, where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement is applicable, the value of the 
Collateral Assets delivered, upon enforcement of the relevant Pledge Agreement may be less 
than the amounts due to Securityholders in respect of the relevant Series of Secured Securities 
and as a result, investors may lose a substantial portion of their investment. The level of risk will 
particularly depend on whether Collateral Monitoring is applicable and the relevant Eligibility 
Criteria. 
The Collateral Assets may suffer a fall in value between the time at which the relevant Pledge 
Agreement becomes enforceable and the time at which the Collateral Assets are realised in full 
or, where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement is applicable, delivered. In 
extraordinary circumstances, the Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral Pool available 
at the time at which a Pledge Agreement becomes enforceable could lose all or a substantial 
proportion of their value by the time of realisation and distribution or delivery, as applicable. 
If there is any shortfall in amounts due to a Securityholder in accordance with the Secured 
Security Conditions then such Securityholder shall have no further claim against the Issuer 
(where such Issuer is Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL), any Third Party 
Chargor or the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) in respect of such amounts 
which remain unpaid following enforcement of the relevant Pledge Agreement (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, payments of nominal and/or interest in respect of the Securities). In such 
a scenario, Securityholders will be able to claim under the terms of the Guarantee against the 
Guarantor for any unpaid amounts and any such shortfall will therefore constitute an unsecured 
claim by such Securityholder against the Guarantor. If the value realised for the Collateral Assets 
or the value of any Collateral Assets delivered is less than the amounts due to the Securityholders 
under their Securities, they will be exposed to the creditworthiness of Crédit Agricole CIB for 
the remaining amount due to them. 
(x) 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement 
If Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement is specified in respect of a Series of 
Secured Securities, upon enforcement of a Pledge Agreement, the Security Trustee or the 
Security Agent (as applicable) will not sell, or cause to be sold, the Collateral Assets (unless 
there is a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event and other than in order to pay 
any amounts payable to Secured Parties ranking prior to the holders of Securityholders in 
accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms) but will procure 
delivery of the Collateral Assets Entitlement to each Securityholder in the manner set out in the 
Secured Security Conditions. 
If a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event occurs or exists on the relevant 
Collateral Delivery Date, settlement will be postponed until the next Collateral Business Day on 
which there is no Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event. If such Physical 
Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event continues for a continuous period of 20 Collateral 
Business Days (or such other period as specified in the Final Terms) after the original Collateral

--- Page 56 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
56 
Delivery Date, the Security Trustee, the Security Agent (as applicable) or the Disposal Agent on 
its behalf will procure the sale of such Collateral Assets in lieu of delivery of the relevant 
Collateral Assets Entitlement.  
Any event above described may impact the value of the Notes and the amount received by a 
Securityholder following such sale of Collateral Assets may be lower than the amount, which a 
Securityholder would have received if the relevant Collateral Assets had been delivered to it and 
the Securityholder held the relevant Collateral Assets to the redemption date of such assets or 
sold such assets at a different point in time. 
(xi) 
Risk of a delay in the realisation of the Collateral Assets in the event of the insolvency 
of any relevant party 
The insolvency of the Issuer will constitute a Secured Security Event of Default, which may 
trigger early redemption of any Secured Securities issued by the Issuer. In these circumstances, 
or in the event of the insolvency of any Third Party Chargor, the Guarantor or any Collateral 
Arrangement Party (for these purposes, each a relevant party), the realisation of the Collateral 
Assets may be delayed either by the appointment of an insolvency administrator or other 
insolvency official in relation to the relevant party or by measures ordered by a competent court. 
Such delay could adversely affect the position of the Securityholders in the event of a 
depreciation in the value of the Collateral Assets during such period. 
In addition, in the case of an insolvency of a member of the Group, it is possible that the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the Collateral Arrangement Parties that are members of the Group may each 
be insolvent. Such circumstances may lead to a delay in the administrative processes involved 
in the realisation of the Collateral Assets and consequently affect the market value of the 
Securities. 
The Disposal Agent and the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) are (unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) part of the same group (and one of the Eligible 
Custodians, which could be appointed as the Custodian for a given Series of Secured Securities, 
is also part of the same group) and in the event of the insolvency of one such entity it is possible 
that another of those entities may also be insolvent. Such circumstances may lead to a delay in 
the realisation of the Collateral Assets. The Custodian Terms for each Eligible Custodian, the 
Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement, the Disposal Agency Agreement and each Security 
Trust Deed will contain provisions permitting the replacement of the Custodian, Collateral 
Monitoring Agent, Disposal Agent and Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable), 
as applicable, in certain circumstances, including following insolvency, as further provided in 
such agreements and the Secured Security Conditions. 
Where the Custodian is Euroclear or Clearstream, the Collateral Assets in respect of a Series of 
Secured Securities will be held in a Collateral Account which will be an account in the Euroclear 
system for the account of the Pledgee. The Collateral Account will be subject to a pledge from 
the Issuer or the Third Party Chargor, as the case may be, in favour of the Security Trustee or 
the Security Agent (as applicable), which will hold the Collateral Assets in the Collateral 
Account as trustee or agent (as applicable) for amongst others, the Securityholders. In the event 
that the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) defaults on its obligations as 
security trustee, the Collateral Assets will be returned to the Issuer or the Third Party Chargor. 
In such circumstances, the Securityholders would cease to benefit from security over any 
Collateral Assets in the Collateral Account until such time as a replacement Security Trustee or 
the Security Agent (as applicable) is appointed. Pending the appointment of a replacement 
Security Trustee, there is no obligation on the Issuer or the Third Party Chargor to hold such 
Collateral Assets in a segregated account for the Securityholders or otherwise provide collateral 
for the Issuer's obligations in respect of the relevant Secured Securities. 
(xii) 
Non-Placed Security Notification Error

--- Page 57 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
57 
If "Waiver of Rights" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Crédit Agricole 
CIB (including in, but not limited to, its capacity as a market maker) may waive its rights to 
receive the proceeds of realisation of the Collateral Assets securing such Secured Securities (or 
where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, delivery of the Collateral Assets) following the enforcement of the 
relevant Charged Documents. As a consequence, the Required Collateral Value shall only take 
into account the value of the Secured Securities that have not been subject to such waiver and 
this may affect the value of the Securities. 
Upon any transfer of Non-Placed Securities, the holders thereof shall notify the Collateral 
Manager. The Collateral Business Day following such notification will be deemed to be a 
Collateral Test Date and on such date the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall determine the 
revised Required Collateral Value and any required adjustments to the Collateral Assets 
necessary to ensure that the Collateral Test will be satisfied. Until any such adjustments to the 
Collateral Assets have occurred, the value of Collateral Assets held in the Collateral Account 
may be less than the Required Collateral Value. 
If the number of Non-Placed Securities actually held on a Collateral Test Date is less than the 
number of Non-Placed Securities notified to the Collateral Manager (such event being a Non-
Placed Security Notification Error), then the Required Collateral Value calculated on such 
Collateral Test Date will be lower than would otherwise be the case if there was no such Non-
Placed Notification Error. If the relevant security were to be enforced prior to the correction of 
a Non-Placed Security Notification Error, the proceeds of realisation of the Collateral Assets 
available to be distributed, or where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement is 
applicable the value of the Collateral Assets available to be delivered, to Securityholders will be 
less than would have been the case in the absence of such Non-Placed Security Notification 
Error. Investors return and the value of the Securities may accordingly be impacted. 
(k) 
Risks related to Green Securities 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Series of Securities may provide that such Securities 
will constitute Green Securities which will be issued in accordance with the Green Bond 
Framework of the Crédit Agricole S.A. group (the Crédit Agricole Group). In such case, it will 
be the relevant Issuer's intention to apply an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of 
such Securities to finance and/or re-finance, in whole or in part, new or existing Eligible Green 
Assets, which are generally new or existing loans relating to certain categories of 
environmentally-friendly or sustainable projects.  
Since there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market 
consensus as to what constitutes a "sustainable", "green" or equivalently-labelled project or a 
loan that may finance such a project, no assurance is or can be given to Securityholders by the 
relevant Issuer that the use of proceeds of any Green Securities will satisfy, whether in whole or 
in part, any future national or international legislative or regulatory requirements or 
recommendation or any investors expectations regarding such "sustainable", "green" or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives. 
While it is the intention of the relevant Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Green Securities in, 
or substantially in, the manner described in under the "Use of Proceeds" section, there can be no 
assurance that the relevant Eligible Green Assets will be capable of being implemented in, or 
substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timeframe, or that such proceeds 
will be totally or partially disbursed as planned. Nor can there be any assurance that such Green 
Securities or the activities or projects they finance (or refinance) will have the results or outcome 
(whether or not related to environmental, sustainability, or other objectives) originally expected 
or anticipated by the relevant Issuer.  Any such event or failure by the relevant Issuer will not 
constitute an Event of Default in respect of any Green Securities. 
Any failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Securities as intended, any withdrawal 
of any applicable opinion or certification, any opinion or certification to the effect that the

--- Page 58 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
58 
relevant Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with criteria or requirements covered by such 
opinion or certification or any change to the Green Bond Framework of the Crédit Agricole 
Group and/or selection criteria may have an adverse effect on the value of Green Securities, and 
may result in adverse consequences for Securityholders with portfolio mandates to invest in 
securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
(l) 
Risks related to Social Securities  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Series of Securities may provide that such Securities 
will constitute Social Securities which will be issued in accordance with the Social Bond 
Framework of the Crédit Agricole S.A. group (the Crédit Agricole Group). In such case, it will 
be the relevant Issuer's intention to apply an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of 
such Securities to finance and/or re-finance, in whole or in part, new or existing Eligible Social 
Assets, which are generally new or existing loans relating to certain categories of socially 
friendly or sustainable projects.  
Since there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market 
consensus as to what constitutes a "sustainable", "social" or equivalently-labelled project or a 
loan that may finance such a project, no assurance is or can be given to Securityholders by the 
relevant Issuer that the use of proceeds of any Social Securities will satisfy, whether in whole or 
in part, any future national or international legislative or regulatory requirements or 
recommendation or any investors expectations regarding such "sustainable", "social" or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives.  
While it is the intention of the relevant Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Social Securities in, 
or substantially in, the manner described in under the "Use of Proceeds" section, there can be no 
assurance that the relevant Eligible Social Assets will be capable of being implemented in, or 
substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timeframe, or that such proceeds 
will be totally or partially disbursed as planned. Nor can there be any assurance that such Social 
Securities or the activities or projects they finance (or refinance) will have the results or outcome 
(whether or not related to social, sustainability, or other objectives) originally expected or 
anticipated by the relevant Issuer. Any such event or failure by the relevant Issuer will not 
constitute an Event of Default in respect of any Social Securities.  
Any failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Social Securities as intended, any withdrawal 
of any applicable opinion or certification, any opinion or certification to the effect that the 
relevant Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with criteria or requirements covered by such 
opinion or certification or any change to the Social Bond Framework of the Crédit Agricole 
Group and/or selection criteria may have an adverse effect on the value of Social Securities, and 
may result in adverse consequences for Securityholders with portfolio mandates to invest in 
securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
(m) 
Risks related to Partly Paid Securities 
The relevant Issuer may issue Securities where the issue price is payable in more than one part 
payment by the investor. Failure by the investor to pay any subsequent part payment could result 
in an investor losing some or all of his, her or its investment.

--- Page 59 ---
Outstanding Non-exempt Offers 
 
 
59 
OUTSTANDING NON-EXEMPT OFFERS THAT GO BEYOND THE VALIDITY OF THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS 
Under this Base Prospectus, Non-exempt Offers of Securities which are indicated in the table below have been 
started or continued on the basis of the Base Prospectus of the Issuers dated 7 May 2020 for the Programme (the 
2020 Base Prospectus) and may be continued after the end of the validity of the 2020 Base Prospectus. 
ISIN 
Country 
Issuer 
Non-exempt Offer name 
Date 
of 
the 
beginning of the 
Non-exempt Offer 
Date of the end 
of 
the 
Non-
exempt Offer 
FI4000506860 
Finland 
Crédit 
Agricole CIB 
FS 
Issue of up to EUR 
10,000,000 Index Linked 
Redemption 
Securities 
due June 2027 under the 
€50,000,000,000 
Structured 
Debt 
Instruments 
Issuance 
Programme 
3 May 2021 
31 May 2021 
 
The Final Terms for the abovementioned Securities are published on the following website: 
https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/Document/DownloadDocument?id=49885355-0811-4beb-89a8-
061eea0e7526. 
In accordance with 8.11 of the Prospectus regulation, the new final terms relating to the ongoing Non-exempt 
Offers listed above shall be available on a dedicated page of the website of the Issuer: 
https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram.

--- Page 60 ---
Retail Cascades 
 
 
60 
RETAIL CASCADES 
Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuers have not authorised the making of any offer by any 
offeror and the Issuers have not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection 
with any offer of the Securities in any jurisdiction. Any offer made without the consent of the Issuers is 
unauthorised and none of the Issuers nor, for the avoidance of doubt, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers accepts 
any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such 
unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer (as such term is defined below), an investor is offered Securities by a 
person which is not an Authorised Offeror, the potential investor should check with such person whether anyone 
is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person 
is. If a potential investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible 
for its contents, such investor should take legal advice. 
In the context of any offer of Securities from time to time in Luxembourg, Belgium, France, Germany, Ireland, 
Italy, Norway, Portugal, The Netherlands, Finland, Sweden or Spain (the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions) that 
is not made within an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (a 
Non-exempt Offer), the relevant Issuer consents and (in connection with paragraph 2 below) offers to grant its 
consent, to the use of this Base Prospectus as so supplemented in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of any 
Securities during the offer period specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Offer Period) and in the Non-
exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms by: 
1. 
if Specific Consent is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
any financial intermediary named therein (the Initial Authorised Offeror), subject to the 
relevant conditions set out in such Final Terms; and 
(b) 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and whose 
name 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
https://www.documentation.ca-
cib.com/PublicFinalTerm?region=EU and identified as an "Additional Authorised Offeror" (the 
Additional Authorised Offeror) in respect of the Non-exempt Offer; and/or 
2. 
if General Consent is specified in the applicable Final Terms, any financial intermediary (the General 
Authorised Offeror) which (a) is authorised to make offers under MiFID II, including under any 
applicable implementing measure in each relevant jurisdiction and (b) accepts the relevant Issuer's offer 
of consent by, publishing on its website or on the website of the Initial Authorised Offeror (if any) that it 
is using this Base Prospectus for such Non-exempt Offer in accordance with the consent of the relevant 
Issuer and that it accepts the Authorised Offeror Terms set out below relating to the use of the consent 
and the other conditions attached thereto. 
Authorised Offeror Terms are that the relevant financial intermediary will, and agrees, represents, 
warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, as applicable, and the 
relevant Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer of the Securities: 
(a) 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all applicable laws, rules, 
regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the Rules) from time to time 
including, without limitation and in each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or 
suitability of any investment in the Securities by any person and disclosure to any potential 
investor and will immediately inform the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, as applicable, and the 
Dealers if at any time such financial intermediary becomes aware or suspects that it is or may be 
in violation of any Rules and take all appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply with 
such Rules in all aspects; 
(b) 
comply with the restrictions set out under "Subscription and Sale" in this Base Prospectus which 
would apply as if it were a Dealer;

--- Page 61 ---
Retail Cascades 
 
 
61 
(c) 
consider the relevant manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution channels 
identified under the "EEA MiFID II product governance" legend set out in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(d) 
ensure that any fee or rebate (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) received or 
paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Securities does not violate 
the Rules and, to the extent required by the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to investors or 
potential investors; 
(e) 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with solicitation of 
interest in, or offers or sales of, the Securities under the Rules; 
(f) 
comply with and takes appropriate steps in relation to applicable anti-money laundering, anti-
bribery, anti-corruption and "know your client" Rules (including taking appropriate steps, in 
compliance with such Rules, to establish and document the identity of each potential investor 
prior to initial investment in any Securities by the potential investor), and will not permit any 
application for the Securities in circumstances where the financial intermediary has any 
suspicions as to the source of the application monies; 
(g) 
retain investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under applicable 
Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records available to the relevant Dealer(s), the 
Guarantor, as applicable, and the relevant Issuers or directly to the appropriate authorities with 
jurisdiction over the relevant Issuers, the Guarantor, as applicable, and/or the relevant Dealer(s) 
in order to enable the relevant Issuers, the Guarantor, as applicable, and/or the relevant Dealer(s) 
to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know your client" rules 
applying to the Issuers and/or the relevant Dealer(s); 
(h) 
ensure it does not give any information other than that contained in this Base Prospectus (as may 
be amended or supplemented by the Issuers from time to time) or make any representation in 
connection with the offering or sale of, or the solicitation of interest in, the Securities; 
(i) 
agree that any communication in which it attaches or otherwise includes any announcement 
published by the Issuer at the end of the Offer Period will be consistent with the Base Prospectus, 
and (in any case) must be fair, clear and not misleading and in compliance with the Rules and 
must state that such General Authorised Offeror has provided it independently from the Issuer 
and must expressly confirm that the Issuer has not accepted any responsibility for the content of 
any such communication; 
(j) 
ensure that no holder of Securities or potential investor in Securities shall become an indirect or 
direct client of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer for the purposes of any 
applicable Rules from time to time, and to the extent that any client obligations are created by 
the relevant financial intermediary under any applicable Rules, then such financial intermediary 
shall perform any such obligations so arising; 
(k) 
co-operate with the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, as applicable, and the relevant Dealer in 
providing any information (including without limitation documents and records maintained 
pursuant to paragraph (g) above) upon written request from the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, 
as applicable, and/or the relevant Dealer as is available to such financial intermediary or which 
is within its power and control from time to time together with such further assistance as is 
reasonably requested by the Issuer, the Guarantor, as applicable, and/or the relevant Dealer in 
connection with any request or investigation by any regulator, any complaint received in relation 
to the Securities or which the relevant Issuer, Guarantor and/or the relevant Dealer may require 
to comply with its own legal, tax and regulatory requirements as soon as is reasonably practicable 
and, in any event, within any time frame set by any regulator or regulatory process pursuant to 
which such information has been requested by the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer; 
(l) 
during the primary distribution period of the Securities: (i) not sell the Securities at any price 
other than the Issue Price (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); (ii) not sell the

--- Page 62 ---
Retail Cascades 
 
 
62 
Securities otherwise than for settlement on the Issue Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms); and (iii) not appoint any sub-distributors (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant 
Dealer); 
(m) 
make available to each potential investor in the Securities the Base Prospectus (as supplemented 
as at the relevant time, if applicable), the applicable Final Terms and any applicable information 
booklet provided by the relevant Issuer for such purpose, and not convey or publish any 
information that is not contained in or entirely consistent with the Base Prospectus; 
(n) 
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than the Base Prospectus or any other 
materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer for the 
purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer) in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer, 
ensure that such communication (i) is fair, clear and not misleading and complies with the Rules, 
(ii) states that such financial intermediary has provided such communication independently of 
the relevant Issuer, that such financial intermediary is solely responsible for such communication 
and that neither the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, as applicable, nor the relevant Dealer accepts 
any responsibility for such communication and (iii) does not, without the prior written consent 
of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, as applicable, or the relevant Dealer (as applicable), use the 
legal or publicity names of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, as applicable, or the relevant 
Dealer or any other name, brand or logo registered by an entity within their respective groups or 
any material over which any such entity retains a proprietary interest, except to describe the 
Issuer as issuer or the Guarantor as guarantor of the Securities on the basis set out in the Base 
Prospectus; 
(o) 
agree and undertake to indemnify each of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, as applicable, and 
the relevant Dealer (in each case on behalf of such entity and its respective directors, officers, 
employees, agents, affiliates and controlling persons) against any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, 
charges, expenses, actions or demands (including reasonable costs of investigation and any 
defence raised thereto and counsel's fees and disbursements associated with any such 
investigation or defence) which any of them may incur or which may be made against any of 
them arising out of or in relation to, or in connection with, any breach of any of the foregoing 
agreements, representations, warranties or undertakings by such financial intermediary, 
including (without limitation) any unauthorised action by such financial intermediary or failure 
by such financial intermediary to observe any of the above restrictions or requirements or the 
making by such financial intermediary of any unauthorised representation or the giving or use 
by it of any information which has not been authorised for such purposes by the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor, as applicable, or the relevant Dealer; 
(p) 
agree and accept that: 
(i) 
the contract between the relevant Issuer and the financial intermediary formed upon 
acceptance by the financial intermediary of the relevant Issuer's offer to use the 
Prospectus with its consent in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer (the 
Authorised Offeror Contract), and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract, shall be governed by, and construed 
in accordance with, English law; 
(ii) 
the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may 
arise out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract (including a dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Authorised Offeror Contract) and accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of 
the English courts; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Issuer and each relevant Dealer will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999, be entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised 
Offeror Contract which are, or are expressed to be, for their benefit, including the 
agreements, representations, warranties, undertakings and indemnity given by the 
financial intermediary pursuant to the Authorised Offeror Terms;

--- Page 63 ---
Retail Cascades 
 
 
63 
(q) 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the relevant Issuers, the Guarantor, as 
applicable, or the relevant Dealer(s) to breach any Rule or any requirement to obtain or make 
any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; and 
(r) 
satisfy any further conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in each case for so long as they are authorised to make such offers under MiFID II. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in 1 and 2 above are together referred to herein as Authorised Offerors. 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Dealers, the Guarantor or the Issuers shall have any obligation to ensure 
that an Authorised Offeror complies with applicable laws and regulations and shall therefore have no liability in 
this respect. 
The Issuers accept responsibility, in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the Final Terms, for the 
content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an Investor) in such Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) 
to whom an offer of any Securities is made by any Authorised Offeror and where the offer is made in compliance 
with all the conditions attached to the giving of the consent, all as mentioned in this Base Prospectus and/or as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. However, none of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any Dealer has any 
responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror 
with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law 
requirements in relation to such offer. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within twelve (12) months from the date 
of the approval of this Base Prospectus by the CSSF. 
In the event the applicable Final Terms designate Authorised Offeror(s) to whom the Issuers have given its 
consent to use this Base Prospectus during an Offer Period, the Issuers may also give consent to Additional 
Authorised Offeror(s) so long as they are authorised to make such offers under MiFID II (also an Authorised 
Offeror) after the date of the applicable Final Terms and, if it does so, it will publish any new information 
in relation to such Additional Authorised Offeror(s) who are unknown at the time of the approval of this 
Base Prospectus or the filing of the applicable Final Terms at https://www.documentation.ca-
cib.com/PublicFinalTerm?region=EU.  
If the Final Terms specify that General Consent is applicable, any General Authorised Offeror is required, 
for the duration of the Offer Period, to publish on its website or on the website of the Initial Authorised 
Offeror (if any) that it is using this Base Prospectus for the relevant Non-exempt Offer with the consent of 
the Issuers and in accordance with the conditions attached thereto. 
Other than as set out above, neither the Issuers, the Guarantor nor any of the Dealers has authorised the making of 
any Non-exempt Offer by any person in any circumstances and such person is not permitted to use this Base 
Prospectus in connection with its offer of any Securities. Any such offers are not made on behalf of the Issuers, 
the Guarantor or by any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors and none of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the 
Dealers or Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for the actions of any person making such offers. 
An investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Securities from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and offers and 
sales of the Securities to a potential investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance with any terms 
and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and such potential investor including as to price 
allocations and settlement arrangements (the Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer). The Issuers will 
not be a party to any such arrangements with potential investors (other than Dealers) in connection with the offer 
or sale of the Securities and, accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms will not contain such 
information and a potential investor must obtain such information from the Authorised Offeror. The Terms and 
Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer shall be provided to potential investors by that Authorised Offeror at 
the time of the Non-exempt Offer. None of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers or other Authorised 
Offerors have any responsibility or liability for such information. 
Any person making or intending to make a offer of Securities to the public in Switzerland on the basis of this Base 
Prospectus, other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) of the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act 
(FinSA) or where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland, must do so only with the Issuer's

--- Page 64 ---
Retail Cascades 
 
 
64 
consent to the use of this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 36(4)(b) FinSA and Article 45 of the implementing 
Financial Services Ordinance (FinSO), as provided under this section “Retail Cascades” and provided such person 
complies with the conditions attached to that consent and on the basis that for the purposes of the above, references 
herein to "the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions" were to Switzerland, to "Non-exempt Offer" were to "non-exempt 
public offer in Switzerland" and to "the Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer" were to "the Terms and 
Conditions of the non-exempt public offer in Switzerland". General Consent is subject to the further condition that 
the financial intermediary is authorised to make a non-exempt public offer in Switzerland under applicable Swiss 
laws and regulations.

--- Page 65 ---
User's Guide 
 
 
65 
 
USER'S GUIDE 
 
TO THE 
 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK 
and 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FINANCIAL SOLUTIONS 
and 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FINANCE LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
€50,000,000,000 
Structured Debt Instruments Issuance Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK 
 
Capitalised terms used in this User's Guide are defined in the Definitions Condition of the Base Prospectus or in the particular 
section where the capitalised terms are first used herein. Definitions are designated by the capitalised term being in bold text.

--- Page 66 ---
User's Guide 
 
 
66 
OVERVIEW OF THIS USER'S GUIDE 
 
This User's Guide aims to: 
• 
Provide potential investors with an overview of the principal documentation relating to Securities issued pursuant 
to the Programme. (Please refer to the section of this User's Guide entitled Documentation (see page 67). 
• 
Help potential investors understand how the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, that are set out in the Base 
Prospectus and split into different sections, are structured. (Please refer to the section of this User's Guide entitled 
Structure of the Terms and Conditions (see page 68). 
• 
Help potential investors identify and navigate the sections of the Terms and Conditions that may be relevant to a 
particular Series of Securities and the circumstances in which a particular Series of Securities may be subject to 
Early Redemption. (Please refer to the remaining sections of this User's Guide.) 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
THIS USER'S GUIDE DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A GUIDE TO THE TERMS OF EACH SERIES OF 
SECURITIES OR A GUIDE AS TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF ANY ONE SERIES OF 
SECURITIES. THIS USER'S GUIDE IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY THE DETAILED CONTENTS OF 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS (AS THE SAME MAY BE SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME) AND, IN 
RELATION TO ANY PARTICULAR SERIES OF SECURITIES, THE APPLICABLE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS (AS COMPLETED BY THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS). AS SUCH, IT IS NOT A 
SUBSTITUTE FOR READING THE BASE PROSPECTUS (AS THE SAME MAY BE SUPPLEMENTED FROM 
TIME TO TIME) AND THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS, THAT PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD 
READ AND ENSURE THEY UNDERSTAND BEFORE MAKING ANY DECISION TO INVEST IN SECURITIES. 
THE CROSS-REFERENCES PROVIDED IN THIS USER'S GUIDE ARE ONLY AN INDICATION OF THE 
MAIN SECTIONS OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS FOR THE SUBJECT MATTER BEING DESCRIBED. THIS 
DOES NOT PRECLUDE OTHER SECTIONS OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND/OR THE FINAL TERMS 
HAVING A BEARING ON THE RETURN DUE TO INVESTORS OR THEIR RIGHTS UNDER THE 
SECURITIES AND THIS USER'S GUIDE SHOULD BE READ IN THIS LIGHT. 
SECURITIES CAN BE VOLATILE INSTRUMENTS. ACCORDINGLY, PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD 
ENSURE THAT THEY UNDERSTAND FULLY THE NATURE OF THE SECURITIES AND MUST BE FULLY 
PREPARED TO SUSTAIN A TOTAL LOSS OF THEIR INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES.

--- Page 67 ---
User's Guide 
 
 
67 
DOCUMENTATION 
Various types of Securities may be issued under the Programme and these are described in more detail in the Base Prospectus. 
Potential investors should read and ensure they understand the suite of documentation pursuant to which different types of 
Securities will be offered pursuant to the Base Prospectus. An overview of the documentation is set out below. 
The Base Prospectus 
The Agency Agreement 
The Base Prospectus contains information regarding: 
• 
the form of the Securities, 
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities 
• 
the Issuers and the Guarantor 
• 
the principal risks associated with an 
investment in the Securities. 
The Base Prospectus may be supplemented by the Issuers. 
As such, potential investors should ensure that when 
reviewing the Base Prospectus, they also review each 
supplement (if any) to the Base Prospectus. Potential 
investors should also be aware that some information in the 
Base Prospectus is incorporated into it by reference and 
therefore may need to be accessed separately. 
In respect of Securities for which "English Law" or "Irish 
Law" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuers 
have entered into an agency agreement pursuant to which 
they have appointed CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg Branch 
to act as their agent in performing certain operational duties 
in connection with the Securities. The Agency Agreement 
also includes the form of certain notices that may be 
delivered either to or from Securityholders in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of a Series of Securities. 
In respect of Securities for which "French Law" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuers have entered into 
an agency agreement, pursuant to which they have 
appointed an agent to act as their agent in performing 
certain operational duties in connection with the Securities. 
The name and address of such agent are to be found in the 
Final Terms applicable to any French Law Securities. 
Final Terms 
The Programme Agreement 
The Final Terms set out information specific to a particular 
Series of Securities and complete the contractual terms and 
conditions for that Series of Securities. In certain cases, 
summary information relating to the Issuer and the 
Securities will be appended to the Final Terms in what is 
referred to as an "Issue Specific Summary".  
The Issuers have entered into a programme agreement 
pursuant to which they have agreed with the Dealers 
referred to in the Base Prospectus the terms on which they 
will issue and subscribe for Securities, respectively. 
The Deed of Guarantee 
Deeds of Covenant 
Where Securities are issued by Crédit Agricole CIB 
Financial Solutions or Crédit Agricole CIB Finance 
Luxembourg S.A., they will be guaranteed by Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank pursuant to a 
guarantee governed by English, Irish or French law as 
applicable, the forms of which are set out from page 877, 
882 and 887, respectively,  of the Base Prospectus.  
The Issuers have entered into deeds of covenant, governed 
by English law or Irish law as applicable, pursuant to which 
Securityholders will, subject to the conditions thereof and 
the terms and conditions of the Securities, be contractually 
entitled to take proceedings against the relevant Issuer in 
the event that the Securities have become due and repayable 
but have not been repaid in full and become void as a 
consequence. 
Documentation relating to Secured Securities 
 
The Issuers have entered into the additional documents 
pursuant to which Secured Securities can be issued under 
the Programme. Further detail on these documents is set out 
in the section below entitled "Secured Securities".

--- Page 68 ---
User's Guide 
 
 
68 
STRUCTURE OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
The diagram below illustrates the various sets of terms and conditions that may be relevant to Securities issued under the 
Programme. The section of this User's Guide entitled Additional Terms and Conditions contains further information on the 
different sets of optional terms and conditions referred to in the diagram. 
Combination 
Interest Payoff 
Conditions 
 
(Annex 6, Part A) 
Standard Interest 
Payoff Conditions 
(Annex 5, Part A) 
General Terms and Conditions 
(including standard interest provisions) 
Definitions Conditions 
Alternative Currency Conditions 
Structured Interest 
Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
(Annex 7) 
Terms and 
Conditions 
Redemption 
Product-specific additional Terms and 
Conditions 
Asset 
Linked 
Conditions 
 
(Annex 1) 
Credit Linked 
Conditions 
 
(Annex 2) 
Secured 
Security 
Conditions 
 
(Annex 10) 
Bond Linked 
Conditions 
 
(Annex 3) 
Standard 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Conditions 
 
(Annex 5, 
Part A) 
, Part B) 
Combination 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Conditions 
 
(Annex 6, 
Part B) 
Early 
Redemption 
Trigger 
Conditions 
 
(Annex 8) 
Redemption 
Method 
Conditions 
 
(Annex 9) 
Key 

Sections of the Terms and Conditions set out in a box 
with a solid border will apply in respect of each 
Series of Securities. 

Sections of the Terms and Conditions set out in a box 
with a dotted border are optional and may or may not 
be applicable to a particular Series of Securities. 
Preference 
Share 
Linked 
Securities 
 
(Annex 11)

--- Page 69 ---
User's Guide 
 
 
69 
THE FINAL TERMS 
A Final Terms document is prepared in connection with each Series of Securities for the purposes of setting out the elections 
that complete the Terms and Conditions applicable to that Series of Securities and to provide certain issue-specific and 
related information. 
The Final Terms is split into two parts (Part A and Part B). The diagram below summarises the broad function of Part A and 
Part B of the Final Terms in respect of a Series of Securities and provides an overview of the different sections of those two 
parts. 
Part A 
Part B 
 
General Elections relating to the 
Securities  
Elections relating to Interest 
Elections relating to Redemption 
Other Elections which complete the 
General Conditions and any 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
Elections relating to Credit Linked 
Securities (if applicable) 
Elections relating to Bond Linked 
Securities (if applicable) 
Elections relating to Secured Linked 
Securities (if applicable) 
 
Ratings 
Interests of natural and legal persons 
involved 
Reasons for the Offer, estimated net 
proceeds and total expenses 
Yield of the Securities 
Performance of Underlying 
Part B: Specific 
disclosure in 
respect of the 
Securities 
Part A: Elections 
which complete 
the Terms and 
Conditions of the 
Securities 
Distribution 
Operational Information 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer 
Listing and admission to trading 
Additional details may be completed 
in an Annex to the Final Terms 
Elections relating to the 
Underlying(s) (if applicable)

--- Page 70 ---
User's Guide 
 
 
70 
INTEREST 
Interest on Securities may be determined by reference to a fixed rate or a floating rate or may be structured as a zero coupon 
security, which effectively bears interest by being issued at a discount to its face value. For the purposes of this User's Guide, 
Securities of this type are referred to as Securities that bear General Interest. 
Securities may alternatively bear interest determined by reference to an Underlying Asset and/or by reference to a formula. 
For the purposes of this User's Guide, Securities of this type are referred to as Securities that bear Structured Interest. 
The table below summarises the sections of the Terms and Conditions set out in the Base Prospectus that will be relevant to 
holders of Securities bearing General Interest or Structured Interest.   
Securities bearing General Interest 
 
Securities bearing Structured Interest 
Fixed Rate Securities 
Interest on Fixed Rate Securities is determined 
principally by reference to: 
 
 
+ 
 
 
Floating Rate Securities 
Interest on Floating Rate Securities is determined 
principally by reference to: 
 
 
+ 
 
 
 
Zero Coupon Securities 
Interest on Zero Coupon Securities is determined 
principally by reference to: 
 
 
 
 
+ 
 
 
 
 
 
+ 
 
 
 
 
Understanding how Structured Interest is determined 
Structured Interest will be determined by reference to one or more 
Underlying Assets. 
Information relating to the Underlying Asset(s) will be specified in 
paragraph 26 of the Final Terms. Paragraph 26 is split into various 
sub-paragraphs that relate to different types of Underlying Assets. 
The terms and conditions relating to Underlying Assets are set out 
in separate chapters in Annex 1 (the Asset Conditions). 
The calculation used to determine the Structured Interest will be 
either a Standard Interest Payoff or based on one or more Standard 
Interest Payoffs and certain other factors (a Combination Interest 
Payoff). 
The terms and conditions used to determine the various Standard 
Interest Payoffs are set out in separate chapters in Part A of Annex 5 
(the Standard Interest Payoff Conditions). 
The terms and conditions used to determine the various 
Combination Interest Payoffs are set out in separate chapters in 
Part A of Annex 6 (the Combination Interest Payoff Conditions). 
Information relating to the Combination Interest Payoff (if any) will 
be set out in paragraph 15(k) of the applicable Final Terms. 
Information relating to the Standard Interest Payoff(s) (if any) will 
be set out in paragraph 15(l) of the applicable Final Terms. 
 
General Condition 4.4 (Interest on Zero 
Coupon Securities) and 4.7 (Accrual of 
Interest) 
The election specified in paragraph 16 
"Zero Coupon Security" of the applicable 
Final Terms 
General Condition 4.2 (Interest on 
Floating Rate Securities) 
The elections specified in paragraph 14 of 
the applicable Final Terms 
General Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed 
Rate Securities) 
The elections specified in paragraph 13 of 
the applicable Final Terms 
General Condition 4.3 (Interest on Linked 
Interest Securities) 
The elections specified in paragraphs 15 
and 26 of the Final Terms.

--- Page 71 ---
User's Guide 
 
 
71 
REDEMPTION 
A Series of Securities may be redeemed on its scheduled redemption date or in scheduled instalments by repayment of the 
nominal amount outstanding in respect of such Series of Securities (subject to certain adjustments, as set out in the applicable 
Terms and Conditions). For the purposes of this User's Guide, Securities of this type are referred to as Securities that are 
subject to General Redemption. 
A Series of Securities may alternatively be redeemed on its scheduled redemption date or in scheduled instalments by 
payment of an amount determined by reference to an Underlying Asset and/or a formula. For the purposes of this User's 
Guide, Securities of this type are referred to as Securities that are subject to Structured Redemption. 
The table below summarises the sections of the Terms and Conditions set out in the Base Prospectus that will be relevant to 
holders of Securities subject to General Redemption or Structured Redemption.   
Securities 
subject 
to 
General 
Redemption 
 
Securities subject to Structured Redemption 
The amount payable on redemption is 
determined principally by reference 
to: 
 
The amount payable on redemption is determined principally by reference to: 
 
 
 
+ 
 
 
 
+ 
 
 
+ 
 
 
+ 
 
 
Understanding how Structured Redemption is determined 
• 
Structured Redemption amounts will be determined by reference to one or more Underlying 
Assets. 
• 
Information relating the Underlying Asset(s) will be specified in paragraph 26 of the Final 
Terms. Paragraph 26 is split into various sub-paragraphs that relate to different types of 
Underlying Assets. The terms and conditions relating to Underlying Assets are set out in 
separate chapters in Annex 1 (the Asset Conditions). 
• 
The calculation used to determine a Structured Redemption amount will be either (1) a 
Standard Redemption Payoff, (2) based on one or more Standard Redemption Payoffs and 
certain other factors (a Primary Combination Redemption Payoff) or (3) based on one or 
more Standard Redemption Payoffs, one or more Primary Combination Redemption Payoffs 
and certain other factors (a Combination Redemption Payoff). 
• 
The terms and conditions used to determine the various Standard Redemption Payoffs are 
set out in separate chapters in Part B of Annex 5 (the Standard Redemption Payoff 
Conditions). 
• 
The terms and conditions used to determine the various Combination Redemption Payoffs 
are set out in separate chapters in Part B of Annex 6 (the Combination Redemption Payoff 
Conditions). 
• 
Information relating to the Combination Redemption Payoff (if any) will be set out in 
paragraph 19(i)(i)(A) of the applicable Final Terms. 
• 
Information relating to the Standard Redemption Payoff(s) (if any) will be set out in 
paragraph 19(i)(i)(B) of the applicable Final Terms. 
General 
Condition 
6.1 
(Redemption by Instalments and 
Final Redemption) 
Redemption Method Condition 2 
(Standard 
Redemption) 
of 
Annex 9 (Redemption Method 
Conditions) 
The 
elections 
specified 
in 
paragraph 19 of the applicable 
Final Terms 
General Condition 6.1 (Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption) 
Redemption Method Condition 3 (Performance Redemption) or 4 (Growth 
Redemption) of Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions) 
The elections specified in paragraphs 19 and 26 of the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 72 ---
User's Guide 
 
 
72 
EARLY REDEMPTION 
A Series of Securities may be redeemed before its scheduled redemption date on the occurrence of certain events (for the 
purposes of this User's Guide, Early Redemption Events). The Early Redemption Events, which are applicable to a Series 
of Securities only to the extent specified in the applicable Final Terms, are set out in the General Conditions and certain of 
the Additional Terms and Conditions. 
The table below summarises which sections of the Terms and Conditions set out in the Base Prospectus will be relevant to 
holders of Securities that may be redeemed before their scheduled maturity in addition to the sections of the Terms and 
Conditions set out in the Base Prospectus relating to Events of Default, disruption and similar events (as referred to below). 
Early Redemption Events  
Redemption for tax reasons (General Condition 6.3) 
Special Tax Redemption (General Condition 6.4) 
Redemption for FATCA Withholding (General Condition 6.5) 
Regulatory Redemption or Compulsory Resales (General Condition 6.6) 
Clean-up Call Option (General Condition 6.7) 
Illegality and Force Majeure (General Condition 19) 
Early Redemption Trigger Events (General Condition 6.2) 
Information and elections relating to any Early Redemption Trigger Events relating to a Series of Securities will be 
specified in paragraph 19(a)(iv) of the applicable Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions that govern all of the Early Redemption Trigger Events that may be applicable to a Series of 
Securities are set out in separate chapters in Annex 8 of the Additional Terms and Conditions (the Early Redemption 
Trigger Conditions). 
 
Events of Default 
In addition to any Early Redemption Events that apply in respect of a Series of Securities, a Securityholder shall be entitled 
to declare any Securities held by it to be forthwith due and payable following the occurrence of an Event of Default in respect 
of those Securities. The Events of Default that will apply in respect of a Series of Securities are set out in General 
Condition 10. 
Disruption and similar events 
The Terms and Conditions of certain types of Securities (such as Securities that are linked to an Underlying Asset and Credit 
Linked Securities and Bond Linked Securities) may provide for those Securities to be redeemed following the occurrence of 
certain other events (such as "Market Disruption Events" and "Additional Disruption Events"). The specific events that may 
trigger early redemption of Securities are set out in the applicable Additional Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 73 ---
User's Guide 
 
 
73 
SECURED SECURITIES 
This section of the User's Guide provides additional information in respect of Securities that are secured by the relevant 
Issuer (or an affiliate thereof) in favour of the relevant Securityholders. Securities of this type are referred to in the Terms 
and Conditions as Secured Securities and will be secured in respect of a segregated pool of Collateral Assets. 
Investors in Secured Securities should note that the Secured Conditions contain specific provisions relating to:  
• 
Collateral Monitoring and Adjustments to Collateral Assets (Secured Security Condition 4.4); 
• 
Substitution of Collateral Assets (Secured Security Condition 4.5); 
• 
Third Party Chargor (Secured Security Condition 4.8); and 
• 
Acceleration, Enforcement and Realisation (Secured Security Condition 6). 
Also, the Issuers have entered into the following additional documentation in relation to Secured Securities: 

An Additional Security Document means any additional security document which is entered into by the Issuer and/or any Third Party Chargor in 
respect of a Series of Secured Securities in order to create a security interest over the Collateral Account and/or over the Collateral Assets therein. 
Additional Security Documents 

The Collateral Management Agreement is the Agreement between, inter alia, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank as Collateral Manager 
and the Issuers. 
Collateral Management Agreement 

The Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement is the agreement between, inter alia, Citbank N.A., London branch and the Issuers which includes the 
terms documented in the related Collateral Monitoring Issue Specific Terms (which documents the supplemental collateral monitoring services to be 
performed in respect of such Series by Citibank N.A., London branch  when it acts as the Collateral Monitoring Agent). 
Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement 

The Custodian Agreement is the agreement governed by Luxembourg law between, inter alia, Citibank Europe plc (in its capacity as Custodian) and 
the Issuers. 
Custodian Agreement 

The Disposal Agency Agreement is the agreement between, inter alia, the Disposal Agent and the Issuers, as amended, restated and/or supplemented 
from time to time. 
Disposal Agency Agreement 

The Valuation Agency Agreement is the agreement between, inter alia, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank as Valuation Agent and the 
Issuer. 
Valuation Agency Agreement 

The Pledge Agreement is a pledge agreement governed by Luxembourg law or Belgium law (as applicable) between the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Third Party Chargor (where Third Party Security is applicable), the relevant Custodian and the Security Trustee creating security over Collateral 
Assets contained in one or more Collateral Accounts in favour of the Security Trustee (as Pledgee) on behalf of itself and the relevant Securityholders 
(which such security interest will be held by the Security Trustee pursuant to the Security Trust Deed) and/or, if any Collateral Assets are not held in 
Luxembourg or Belgium and/or require a different security interest, any Additional Security Document. 
Pledge Agreement 

Security Trust Deed is a security trust deed governed by English law and entered into by the relevant Security Trustee and the Issuer on the Issue 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Secured Securities. 
Security Trust Deed 

The Euroclear and Clearstream tri-party custody agreements are the agreements entered into between, inter alia, the Issuer (or the Third Party 
Chargor), the relevant Security Trustee and each of Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. respectively. These agreements document 
the custodian arrangements and collateral monitoring services in respect of a relevant Series of Secured Securities where Euroclear or Clearstream as 
the case may be, acts as custodian and collateral  monitoring agent. 
Euroclear and Clearstream tri-party custody agreements

--- Page 74 ---
User's Guide 
 
 
74 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
This section of the User's Guide provides a more detailed overview of the various parts of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions that may or may not be applicable to a particular Series of Securities.   
 
Commodities 
Chapter 1 
(please see 
pages 375-
384 of the 
Base 
Prospectus) 
Indices 
(Chapter 2 
(please see 
pages 385-
398 of the 
Base 
Prospectus) 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Underlying Assets 
FX Rates 
(Chapter 3 
(please see 
pages 399-
417 of the 
Base 
Prospectus) 
Inflation 
Indices 
(Chapter 4 
(please see 
pages 418-423 
of the Base 
Prospectus) 
Benchmark 
Rates 
(Chapter 5 
(please see 
pages 424-434 
of the Base 
Prospectus) 
ETFs 
(Chapter 6 
(please see 
pages 435-
458 of the 
Base 
Prospectus) 
Shares 
(Chapter 7 
(please see 
pages 460-
492 of the 
Base 
Prospectus) 
Multi-Asset 
Baskets 
(Chapter 10 
(please see pages 
525 - 532 of the 
Base Prospectus) 
The Asset Conditions (which are set out in Annex 1 on pages 374-532 of the Base Prospectus) are set out in separate chapters, each 
of which sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities linked to one of the following asset classes: 
Funds 
(Chapter 8 
(please see 
pages 493 - 513 
of the Base 
Prospectus) 
Futures 
(Chapter 9 
(please see 
pages 514 - 524 
of the Base 
Prospectus)

--- Page 75 ---
User's Guide 
 
 
75 
 
Additional Terms and Conditions  
Some of the following Additional Terms and Conditions will be applicable to Credit Linked Securities, Bond Linked Securities, 
Preference Share Linked Securities and/or Secured Securities.  
The Credit Linked Conditions (which are set out on pages 
533-603 of the Base Prospectus) set out additional terms and 
conditions for Securities that are Credit Linked Securities. 
Investors in Credit Linked Securities should note that the 
Credit Linked Conditions contain specific provisions relating 
to: 

redemption (including early redemption) (Credit Linked 
Condition 2); 

interest (Credit Linked Condition 3); and 

physical settlement (Credit Linked Condition 4). 
The Bond Linked Conditions (which are set out on pages 
604-624 of the Base Prospectus) set out additional terms and 
conditions for Securities that are Bond Linked Securities. 
Investors in Bond Linked Securities should note that the Bond 
Linked Conditions contain specific provisions relating to: 

redemption (including early redemption) (Bond Linked 
Condition 2);  

interest (Bond Linked Condition 3); and 

physical settlement (Bond Linked Condition 4). 
The Secured Security Conditions (which are set out on 
pages 835-867 of the Base Prospectus) set out additional 
terms and conditions relating to Securities that are Secured 
Securities. 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to interest and/or redemption 
Parts of some or all of the following Additional Terms and Conditions will be applicable where Securities bear structured interest 
or will be subject to structured redemption.  
The Standard Payoff 
Conditions (which are set 
out on pages 627-685 of the 
Base Prospectus) set out 
additional terms and 
conditions that may apply 
to interest and/or 
redemption payments in 
respect of a Series of 
Securities. The Standard 
Payoff Conditions are split 
into two Parts (Part A and 
Part B) which relate to 
interest and redemption 
payoffs, respectively. 
Within these parts, separate 
payoffs are documented in 
separate chapters. 
The Combination Payoff 
Conditions (which are set 
out on pages 688-751 of the 
Base Prospectus) set out 
additional terms and 
conditions that may apply 
to interest and/or 
redemption payments in 
respect of a Series of 
Securities and operate in 
conjunction with the 
Standard Payoff 
Conditions. The 
Combination Payoff 
Conditions are split into 
two Parts (Part A and Part 
B) which relate to interest 
and redemption payoffs, 
respectively. Within these 
parts, separate payoffs are 
documented in separate 
chapters. 
The Payoff Feature 
Conditions (which are set 
out on pages 752-814 of the 
Base Prospectus) set out 
additional terms and 
conditions for Securities 
which apply one or more 
features (if any) for the 
purposes of determining 
interest and/or redemption 
payments in respect of a 
Series of Securities. 
The Early Redemption 
Trigger Conditions (which 
are set out on pages 815-
830 of the Base Prospectus) 
set out additional terms and 
conditions that may apply 
to the early redemption in 
respect of a Series of 
Securities. 
The Preference Share Linked Conditions (which are set out 
on pages 868-873 of the Base Prospectus) set out additional 
terms and conditions relating to Securities that are Preference 
Share Linked Securities.  
 
Investors in Preference Share Linked Securities should note 
that the Preference Share Linked Conditions contain specific 
provisions relating  to: 
• 
redemption (including early redemption) (Preference 
Share Linked Condition 1)

--- Page 76 ---
User's Guide 
 
 
76 
QUICK REFERENCE GUIDE TO STANDARD PAYOFFS AND 
COMBINATION PAYOFFS 
The table below lists each of the Standard Payoffs and Combination Payoffs that may apply to Securities issued under the 
Programme and is intended to act as a quick reference guide to where the related Additional Terms and Conditions can be 
found in the Base Prospectus.   
Payoff 
Type of payoff 
Applicable to 
interest or 
redemption 
Relevant 
section of the 
Additional 
Terms and 
Conditions 
Page 
reference in 
the Base 
Prospectus 
Relevant 
Section of the 
Final Terms 
Standard Fixed Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, Part 
A, Chapter 1 
629 
Paragraph 
15(l)(i)  
Standard Floating Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, Part 
A, Chapter 2 
630 
Paragraph 
15(l)(ii) 
Standard Floater Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, Part 
A, Chapter 3 
631 
Paragraph 
15(l)(iii) 
Standard 
Inverse 
Floater 
Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, Part 
A, Chapter 4 
633 
Paragraph 
15(l)(iv) 
Standard 
Participation 
Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, Part 
A, Chapter 5 
635 
Paragraph 
15(l)(v) 
Standard 
Range 
Accrual 
Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, Part 
A, Chapter 6 
636 
Paragraph 
15(l)(vi) 
Standard Power Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, Part 
A, Chapter 7 
640 
Paragraph 
15(l)(vii) 
Standard 
Digital 
to 
Participation Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, Part 
A, Chapter 8 
642 
Paragraph 
15(l)(viii) 
Standard 
Fixed 
Range 
Accrual Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, Part 
A, Chapter 9 
644 
Paragraph 
15(l)(ix) 
Standard ABF Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, Part 
A, Chapter 
10 
648 
Paragraph 
15(l)(x) 
Standard 
Fixed 
Range 
Accrual Performance Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, Part 
A, Chapter 
11 
652 
Paragraph 
15(l)(xi) 
Standard 
Digital/Performance Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, Part 
A, Chapter 
12 
654 
Paragraph 
15(l)(xii) 
Standard 
Performance 
Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, Part 
A, Chapter 
13 
656 
Paragraph 
15(l)(xiii)

--- Page 77 ---
User's Guide 
 
 
77 
Payoff 
Type of payoff 
Applicable to 
interest or 
redemption 
Relevant 
section of the 
Additional 
Terms and 
Conditions 
Page 
reference in 
the Base 
Prospectus 
Relevant 
Section of the 
Final Terms 
Standard 
Steepener 
With 
Reserve Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, Part 
A, Chapter 
14 
657 
Paragraph 
15(l)(xiv) 
Standard 
Memory 
Digital/Performance Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, Part 
A, Chapter 
15 
661 
Paragraph 
15(l)(xv) 
Standard Fixed Redemption 
Standard Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 5, Part 
B, Chapter 1 
664 
Paragraph 
19(i)(i)(B)(I)  
Standard Floater Redemption 
Standard Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 5, Part 
B, Chapter 2 
665 
Paragraph 
19(i)(i)(B)(II) 
Standard 
Participation 
Redemption 
Standard Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 5, Part 
B, Chapter 3 
668 
Paragraph 
19(i)(i)(B)(III) 
Standard 
Digital 
to 
Participation Redemption 
Standard Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 5, Part 
B, Chapter 4 
669 
Paragraph 
19(i)(i)(B)(IV) 
Standard ABF Redemption 
Standard Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 5, Part 
B, Chapter 5 
671 
Paragraph 
19(i)(i)(B)(V) 
Standard 
Digital/Performance 
Redemption 
Standard Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 5, Part 
B, Chapter 6 
675 
Paragraph 
19(i)(i)(B)(VI) 
Standard 
Performance 
Redemption 
Standard Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 5, Part 
B, Chapter 7 
677 
Paragraph 
19(i)(i)(B)(VII) 
Standard 
Fixed 
Range 
Accrual Redemption 
Standard Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 5, Part 
B, Chapter 8 
678 
Paragraph 
19(i)(i)(B)(VIII) 
Standard Target Volatility 
Redemption 
Standard Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 5, Part 
B, Chapter 9 
682 
Paragraph 
19(i)(i)(B)(IX) 
Standard 
Drop-Back 
Redemption 
Standard Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 5, Part 
B, Chapter 10 
686 
Paragraph 
19(b)(i)(B)(X) 
Combination 
Addition 
Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part 
A, Chapter 1 
691 
Paragraph 
15(k)(i) 
Combination Capitalisation 
Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part 
A, Chapter 2 
693 
Paragraph 
15(k)(ii) 
Combination Digital Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part 
A, Chapter 3 
695 
Paragraph 
15(k)(iii)

--- Page 78 ---
User's Guide 
 
 
78 
Payoff 
Type of payoff 
Applicable to 
interest or 
redemption 
Relevant 
section of the 
Additional 
Terms and 
Conditions 
Page 
reference in 
the Base 
Prospectus 
Relevant 
Section of the 
Final Terms 
Combination 
Division 
Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part 
A, Chapter 4 
697 
Paragraph 
15(k)(iv) 
Combination Multiplication 
Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part 
A, Chapter 5 
699 
Paragraph 
15(k)(v) 
Combination Ratchet Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part 
A, Chapter 6 
701 
Paragraph 
15(k)(vi) 
Combination Range Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part 
A, Chapter 7 
703 
Paragraph 
15(k)(vii) 
Combination 
Snowrange 
Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part 
A, Chapter 8 
706 
Paragraph 
15(k)(viii) 
Combination 
Subtract 
Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part 
A, Chapter 9 
710 
Paragraph 
15(k)(ix) 
Combination 
Maximum 
Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part 
A, Chapter 
10 
712 
Paragraph 
15(k)(x) 
Combination 
Minimum 
Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part 
A, Chapter 
11 
714 
Paragraph 
15(k)(xi) 
Combination Payoff-Linked 
Digital Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part 
A, Chapter 
12 
716 
Paragraph 
15(k)(xii) 
Combination Ladder Ratchet 
Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part 
A, Chapter 
13 
718 
Paragraph 
15(k)(xiii) 
Combination 
Digital 
Performance Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part 
A, Chapter 
14 
720 
Paragraph 
15(k)(xiv) 
Combination 
Addition 
Redemption 
Combination 
Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 6, Part 
B, Chapter 1 
722 
Paragraph 
19(i)(i)(A)(I) 
Combination Capitalisation 
Redemption 
Combination 
Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 6, Part 
B, Chapter 2 
724 
Paragraph 
19(i)(i)(A)(II) 
Combination 
Digital 
Redemption 
Combination 
Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 6, Part 
B, Chapter 3 
726 
Paragraph 
19(i)(i)(A)(III) 
Combination 
Division 
Redemption 
Combination 
Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 6, Part 
B, Chapter 4 
728 
Paragraph 
19(i)(i)(A)(IV)

--- Page 79 ---
User's Guide 
 
 
79 
Payoff 
Type of payoff 
Applicable to 
interest or 
redemption 
Relevant 
section of the 
Additional 
Terms and 
Conditions 
Page 
reference in 
the Base 
Prospectus 
Relevant 
Section of the 
Final Terms 
Combination Multiplication 
Redemption 
Combination 
Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 6, Part 
B, Chapter 5 
730 
Paragraph 
19(i)(i)(A)(V) 
Combination 
Ratchet 
Redemption 
Combination 
Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 6, Part 
B, Chapter 6 
732 
Paragraph 
19(i)(i)(A)(VI) 
Combination 
Range 
Redemption 
Combination 
Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 6, Part 
B, Chapter 7 
734 
Paragraph 
19(i)(i)(A)(VII) 
Combination 
Subtract 
Redemption 
Combination 
Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 6, Part 
B, Chapter 8 
738 
Paragraph 
19(i)(i)(A)(VIII) 
Combination 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Combination 
Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 6, Part 
B, Chapter 9 
740 
Paragraph 
19(i)(i)(A)(IX) 
Combination 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Combination 
Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 6, Part 
B, Chapter 10 
742 
Paragraph 
19(i)(i)(A)(X) 
Combination 
Complex 
Digital Basket Contingency 
Redemption 
Combination 
Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 6, Part 
B, Chapter 11 
744 
Paragraph 
19(i)(i)(A)(XI) 
Combination Payoff-Linked 
Digital Redemption 
Combination 
Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 6, Part 
B, Chapter 12 
748 
Paragraph 
19(i)(i)(A)(XII) 
Combination 
Digital 
Performance Redemption 
Combination 
Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 6, Part 
B, Chapter 13 
750 
Paragraph 
19(i)(i)(A)(XIII)

--- Page 80 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
80 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This section incorporates selected publicly available information that should be read in conjunction with this 
Base Prospectus. 
The following documents (see hyperlinks in blue below), which have previously been published or are published 
simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and filed with the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier are 
incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the English-language version of Crédit Agricole CIB's 2019 Document d'enregistrement universel 
(https://www.ca-cib.com/sites/default/files/2020-04/URD-2019_Credit-Agricole-CIB.pdf) 
and 
2020 
Document d'enregistrement universel (https://www.ca-cib.com/sites/default/files/2021-03/URD_2020_ 
EN_Credit_Agricole_CIB_25-03.pdf) (the 2019 Universal Registration Document and 2020 Universal 
Registration Document respectively), including (on pages 264 to 427 of the 2019 Registration Document 
and on pages 277 to 446 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document) the annual consolidated audited 
financial statements of Crédit Agricole CIB for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 
(https://www.ca-cib.com/sites/default/files/2020-04/URD-2019_Credit-Agricole-CIB.pdf) 
and 
31 
December 2020 (https://www.ca-cib.com/sites/default/files/2021-03/URD_2020_EN_Credit_Agricole_ 
CIB_25-03.pdf); 
(b) 
Crédit Agricole CIB FS's 2019 and 2020 Report and Financial Statements, including (on pages 5 to 90 
and pages 5 to 88 respectively thereof) the annual audited financial statements of Crédit Agricole CIB FS 
for 
the 
financial 
years 
ended 
31 
December 
2019 
(https://www.documentation.ca-
cib.com/IssuerInformation/DownloadDocument?id=074855de-e26f-456f-9d05-abb99aa5dab0) and 31 
December 
2020 
(https://www.documentation.ca-
cib.com/IssuerInformation/DownloadDocument?id=32349a06-8072-4a8e-a60f-04b33e90710b) and the 
auditors' report thereon;  
(c) 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL's 2019 and 2020 Report and Financial Statements, including (on pages 3 to 40 
and pages 3 to 45 respectively thereof) the annual audited financial statements of Crédit Agricole CIB FL 
for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 (https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/ 
IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id=daa12f4b-0c49-4032-900d-bb10e13ff3e3) and 31 December 
2020 
(https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuerInformation/DownloadDocument?id=f676fe8a-
3cff-419a-8609-8966792b807a) and the auditors' report thereon;  
(d) 
the section entitled "Form of the Final Terms" set out in the base prospectus relating to the Programme 
dated 7 May 2020 (https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument? 
id=a9d86f07-1b48-4b25-818a-ab718f02b881) (the 2020 Base Prospectus); 
(e) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" set out in the 2020 Base Prospectus, as 
supplement by the supplement thereto dated 18 December 2020 (https://www.documentation.ca-
cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id=b2a58cba-7448-4590-a0f0-51737e905fb0); 
(f) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" set out in the base prospectus dated 8 May 
2019 (https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id=0e25fafe-928f 
-4fbf-9168-ec7810896296), as supplemented by the supplements thereto dated 19 November 2019 
(https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id=1adf61cb-bf10-43e 
3-9616-450ee8bb1395) and 5 February 2020 (https://www.documentation.ca-cib. com/IssuanceProgram/ 
DownloadDocument?id=11ec21e8-c977-4910-a023-1ef61c50da4e) (the 2019 Base Prospectus); 
(g) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" set out in the base prospectus dated 9 May 
2018 (https://www.ca-cib.com/sites/default/files/2018-05/8786482v1-Final Base Prospectus - CACIB 
Structured Notes Programme Update 2018-LWDLIB02.PDF), as supplemented by the supplements 
thereto dated 12 June 2018 (https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram/Download 
Document?id=ea3adeee-f2f2-4424-8161-fa918dace92f), 18 June 2018 (https://www.documentation.ca-
cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id=0ac8470a-7810-4c20-9d2e-264b0a5a1ff0) and 13 
November 2018 (https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id= 
6c26d567-ea50-49c5-accf-1eef848267bc) (the 2018 Base Prospectus);

--- Page 81 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
81 
(h) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" set out in the base prospectus relating to the 
Programme dated 10 May 2017 (https://www.ca-cib.com/sites/default/files/2017-05/2017-05-12-
CACIB-FINAL-PROSPECTUS.pdf) (the 2017 Base Prospectus); 
(i) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" set out in the base prospectus relating to the 
Programme dated 11 May 2016 (https://www.ca-cib.com/sites/default/files/2017-01/2016-05-13-bp-11-
may-2016_0.pdf) (the 2016 Base Prospectus), as supplemented by the supplements thereto dated 8 July 
2016 (https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id=93fd310b-c0 
0b-4db3-b637-7ced32eeb6de), 16 August 2016 (https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/Issuance 
Program/DownloadDocument?id=bbec8273-2efe-4127-b10c-38b257b47b80), 
17 
November 
2016 
(https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id=80a6c9d7-63fb-4e7 
3-8464-88aba214a7d7) and 16 December 2016 (https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/Issuance 
Program/DownloadDocument?id=058b9ed0-5362-4051-baf6-4cef03bb76e6); 
(j) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out in the base prospectus relating to the 
Programme dated 6 July 2015 (https://www.ca-cib.com/sites/default/files/2017-04/ApprovedBP-
6July2015_0.pdf) (the 2015 Base Prospectus), as supplemented by the supplement thereto dated 6 
October 2015 (https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id=ffe9 
a617-993c-4252-a5d3-f367869d128a); 
(k) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out in the base prospectus relating to the 
Programme dated 25 June 2014 (https://www.ca-cib.com/sites/default/files/2017-01/2014-06-27-base-
prospectus-25-june-2014_0.PDF) (the 2014 Base Prospectus), as supplemented by the supplement 
thereto dated 9 September 2014 (https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram/Download 
Document?id= 86bbff05-0c53-42b0-a315-5fac66b1e4da); and 
(l) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out in the base prospectus relating to the 
Programme dated 21 June 2013 (https://www.ca-cib.com/sites/default/files/2017-04/2013-06-23-base-
prospectus-va_0.pdf) (the 2013 Base Prospectus), as supplemented by the supplement thereto dated 19 
September 2013 (https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id= 
f4b0b7bf-94bd-4101-8357-176312e125c5). 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and approved by 
the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/979. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document 
incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), 
be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, 
except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered office 
of Crédit Agricole CIB. This Base Prospectus and copies of the documents incorporated by reference are available 
on (i) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website (www.bourse.lu) and (ii) on Crédit Agricole CIB's website 
(https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram). 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. Where only certain sections of a document referred to above 
are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, the parts of the document, which are not incorporated by 
reference, are either not relevant to prospective investors in the Securities or covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor will provide, without charge, to each person to whom a copy of this Base 
Prospectus has been delivered, upon the request of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents deemed to 
be incorporated herein by reference unless such documents have been modified or superseded as specified above. 
Requests for such documents should be directed to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor at its/their offices set out 
at the end of this Base Prospectus. In addition, such documents will be available, for Securities admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market, from the specified office in Luxembourg of CACEIS 
Bank, Luxembourg Branch (the Luxembourg Listing Agent).

--- Page 82 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
82 
Crédit Agricole CIB takes responsibility for any free translations, which may be included in the 2019 Universal 
Registration Document, the 2019 Amendment to the Universal Registration Document or the 2020 Universal 
Registration Document. Note that only the French versions of the 2019 Universal Registration Document and the 
2020 Universal Registration Document have been submitted to the Autorité des marchés financiers. Crédit 
Agricole CIB FS takes responsibility for any free translations, which may be included in the Crédit Agricole CIB 
FS 2019 Report and Financial Statements or the Crédit Agricole CIB FS 2020 Report and Financial Statements.  
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor will, in the event of there being any significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment 
of any Securities and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of 
allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and 
losses and prospects of the Issuers, and the rights attaching to the Securities and the reason for the issuance and its 
impact on the Issuers, be required to, prepare if appropriate a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new 
Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue, listing and admission to trading on a regulated 
market, of Securities. 
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
is set out in the following cross-reference table below. For the avoidance of doubt, the information requested to be 
disclosed by the Issuers as a result of Annex 6 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing 
the Prospectus Regulation (the Commission Delegated Regulation) and not referred to in the cross-reference 
table below is either contained in the relevant sections of this Base Prospectus or is not applicable to the Issuers.

--- Page 83 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
83 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST 
This section provides a cross reference of where information may be found in other documents. 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
 
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
Page 
number 
(of 
the 
2020 
Universal Registration Document 
unless otherwise stated)  
1. 
 PERSONS RESPONSIBLE 
467 
2. 
 STATUTORY AUDITORS 
 
2.1 
 Statutory Auditors 
468 
2.2 
 Issuer's Audit Committee (including names of committee 
members) 
85 to 90 
3. 
 RISK FACTORS 
144 to 152 
4. 
 INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
4.1 
 History and development of the issuer. 
17, 18 
4.1.1 
The legal and commercial name of the issuer. 
280, 450 
4.1.2 
The place of registration of the issuer, its registration 
number and legal identity identifier ('LEI'). 
280 
4.1.3 
The date of incorporation and the length of life of the issuer, 
except where the period is indefinite. 
456 
4.1.4 
The domicile and legal form of the issuer, the legislation 
under which the issuer operates, its country of 
incorporation, the address, telephone number of its 
registered office (or principal place of business if different 
from its registered office) and website of the issuer, if any. 
280, 450, 456 
4.1.5 
Details of any recent events particular to the issuer and 
which are to a material extent relevant to an evaluation of 
the issuer's solvency. 
457 
4.1.6 
Credit ratings assigned to an issuer at the request or with the 
cooperation of the issuer in the rating process. 
15 
4.1.8 
Description of the expected financing of the issuer's 
activities. 
188, 456 
5. 
 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
5.1 
 Principal activities 
20 to 22 
6. 
 ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
6.1 
 If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the 
group and the issuer's position within the group. This may 
be in the form of, or accompanied by, a diagram of the 
organisational structure if this helps to clarify the structure. 
4 to 5, 8 to 9 
7. 
 TREND INFORMATION 
135

--- Page 84 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
84 
9. 
 ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT, 
AND 
SUPERVISORY BODIES 
 
9.1 
 Names, business addresses and functions within the issuer 
of the following persons and an indication of the principal 
activities performed by them outside of that issuer where 
these are significant with respect to that issuer. 
91 to 110 
9.2 
 Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the 
issuer, of the persons referred to in item 9.1, and their 
private interests and or other duties must be clearly stated. 
In the event that there are no such conflicts, a statement to 
that effect must be made.  
111 to 112 
10. 
 MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
120 
11. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
ISSUER'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
11.1 
 Historical financial information 
 
11.1.1 
Audited historical financial information covering the latest 
two financial years (or such shorter period as the issuer has 
been in operation) and the audit report in respect of each 
year. 
278 to 446 
264 to 427 of the 2019 Universal 
Registration Document 
11.1.3 
Accounting Standards 
The financial information must be prepared according to 
International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in 
the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. 
 
 
(a) 
the balance sheet: 
286 
271 
of 
the 
2019 
Universal 
Registration Document 
 
(b) 
the income statement: 
284 to 285 
269 
of 
the 
2019 
Universal 
Registration Document 
 
(c) 
the cash flow statement: 
289 
274 
of 
the 
2019 
Universal 
Registration Document 
 
(d) 
the accounting policies and explanatory notes: 
291 to 396 
276 to 379 of the 2019 Universal 
Registration Document 
 
(e) 
Statutory Auditors' report: 
397 to 403 
380 to 385 of the 2019 Universal 
Registration Document 
11.1.6 
Consolidated financial statements 
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and consolidated 
financial statements, include at least the consolidated 
financial statements in the registration document.

--- Page 85 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
85 
 
(a) 
Income statement 
284 
269 
of 
the 
2019 
Universal 
Registration Document 
 
(b) 
Net income and other comprehensive income 
285 
269 
of 
the 
2019 
Universal 
Registration Document 
 
(c) 
Balance sheet - Assets 
286 
271 
of 
the 
2019 
Universal 
Registration Document 
 
(d) 
Balance sheet - Liabilities 
286 
271 
of 
the 
2019 
Universal 
Registration Document 
 
(e) 
Change in shareholder's equity 
287, 288 
272, 273 of the 2019 Universal 
Registration Document 
 
(f) 
Cash flow statement 
289 
274 
of 
the 
2019 
Universal 
Registration Document 
11.1.7 
Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited financial 
information statements may not be older than 18 months 
from the date of the registration document. 
277 
263 
of 
the 
2019 
Universal 
Registration Document 
11.3 
Auditing of historical annual financial information 
397 to 403 
11.4 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
190 to 192 
11.5 
Significant change in the issuer's financial position 
457 
12. 
 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
12.1 
 Share Capital 
The amount of the issued capital, the number and classes of 
the shares of which it is composed with details of their 
principal characteristics, the part of the issued capital still to 
be paid up with an indication of the number, or total nominal 
value and the type of the shares not yet fully paid up, broken 
down where applicable according to the extent to which 
they have been paid up. 
120 
12.2 
 Memorandum and Articles of Association 
The register and the entry number therein, if applicable, and 
a description of the issuer's objects and purposes and where 
they can be found in the memorandum and articles of 
association. 
280,450

--- Page 86 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
86 
13. 
 MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
457 
14. 
 DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
457

--- Page 87 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
87 
Crédit Agricole CIB FS 
 
Report and Financial Statements 
(page number) 
Audited annual financial statements, related notes and audit report 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 
5 to 88 
Independent auditor's report 
5 to 8 
Balance sheet - Assets 
9 
Income statement 
11 
Cash flow statement 
12 
Notes to the annual accounts 
13 to 88 
Statement of changes in shareholders' equity 
10 
Audited annual financial statements, related notes and audit report 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 
5 to 90 
Independent auditor's report 
5 to 7 
Balance sheet - Assets 
8 
Income statement 
10 
Cash flow statement 
11 
Notes to the annual accounts 
12 to 90 
Statement of changes in shareholders' equity 
9

--- Page 88 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
88 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL 
 
Report and Financial Statements 
Audited annual financial statements, related notes and audit report 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 
3 to 45 
Independent auditor's report 
10 to 13 
Balance sheet - Assets 
15 
Income statement 
14 
Cash flow statement 
17 
Notes to the annual accounts 
18 to 45 
Statement of changes in shareholders' equity 
16 
 
 
Audited annual financial statements, related notes and audit report 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 
3 to 40 
Independent auditor's report 
8 to 10 
Balance sheet - Assets 
12 
Income statement 
11 
Cash flow statement 
14 
Notes to the annual accounts 
15 to 40 
Statement of changes in shareholders' equity 
13

--- Page 89 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
89 
Form of the Final Terms included in the 2020 Base Prospectus 
Other than as set out in the immediately following section, only the section of the 2020 Base Prospectus related to 
the form of the Final Terms of the Securities and listed below is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
This does not include the introduction paragraph of such Final Terms which is not incorporated by reference. In 
relation thereto, the introduction paragraph in the form of Final Terms contained in this Base Prospectus must be 
used in place of the introduction paragraph in such former Final Terms. 
The sections of the 2020 Base Prospectus that are not incorporated by reference are not relevant for the investor 
or are covered by other sections of this Base Prospectus.  
Form of the Final Terms 
Pages 105 to 251 of the 2020 Base Prospectus

--- Page 90 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
90 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities included in the 2020 Base Prospectus (as amended by the 
supplement thereto dated 18 December 2020) 
Subject to the immediately preceding section, only the sections of the 2020 Base Prospectus related to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Securities and listed below are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The sections of the 2020 Base Prospectus that are not incorporated by reference are not relevant for the investor 
or are covered by other sections of this Base Prospectus. 
General Conditions 
Pages 253 to 312 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
Definitions Conditions 
Pages 313 to 344 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Pages 345 to 491 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
Pages 492 to 563 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
Pages 564 to 584 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
Annex 4 – Alternative Currency Conditions 
Pages 585 to 586 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Pages 587 to 645 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Pages 646 to 709 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Pages 709 to 772 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Pages 773 to 788 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
Pages 789 to 792 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
Pages 793 to 825 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
Annex 11 – Preference Share Linked Conditions 
Pages 826 to 831 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
 
Supplement dated 18 December 2020 
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions  
Pages 793 and 825 of the 
2020 Base Prospectus 
Pages 22 to 23 of the 
supplement dated 18 
December 2020

--- Page 91 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
91 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities included in the 2019 Base Prospectus (as amended by the 
supplements thereto dated 19 November 2019 and 5 February 2020) 
Subject to the immediately preceding section, only the sections of the 2019 Base Prospectus related to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Securities and listed below are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The sections of the 2019 Base Prospectus that are not incorporated by reference are not relevant for the investor 
or are covered by other sections of this Base Prospectus. 
General Conditions 
Pages 552 to 612 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
Definitions Conditions 
Pages 613 to 638 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Pages 639 to 784 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
Pages 785 to 856 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
Pages 857 to 877 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
Annex 4 – Alternative Currency Conditions 
Pages 878 to 879 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Pages 880 to 998 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Pages 999 to 1077 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Pages 1078 to 1148 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Pages 1149 to 1169 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
Pages 1170 to 1173 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
Pages 1174 to 1206 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
Annex 11 – Preference Share Linked Conditions 
Pages 1207 to 1212 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
 
Supplement dated 19 November 2019 
General Conditions 
Pages 553 and 565 of the 
2019 Base Prospectus 
Pages 11 to 13 of the 
supplement dated 19 
November 2019 
Annex Conditions (Annex 1) – Chapter 5: Rate 
Linked Asset Condition 
Page 691 of the 2019 Base 
Prospectus 
Page 
13 
of 
the 
supplement dated 19 
November 2019 
 
Supplement dated 5 February 2020 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
Page 836 and 821 of the 
2019 Base Prospectus 
Pages 2 to 4 of the 
supplement 
dated 
5 
February 2020

--- Page 92 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
92 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities included in the 2018 Base Prospectus (as amended by the 
supplements thereto dated 12 June 2018, 18 June 2018 and 13 November 2018) 
Subject to the immediately preceding section, only the sections of the 2018 Base Prospectus related to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Securities and listed below are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The sections of the 2018 Base Prospectus that are not incorporated by reference are not relevant for the investor 
or are covered by other sections of this Base Prospectus. 
General Conditions 
Pages 456 to 535 of the 2018 Base Prospectus 
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Pages 537 to 655 of the 2018 Base Prospectus 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
Pages 656 to 725 of the 2018 Base Prospectus 
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
Pages 726 to 746 of the 2018 Base Prospectus 
Annex 4 – Alternative Currency Conditions 
Pages 747 to 748 of the 2018 Base Prospectus 
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Pages 749 to 866 of the 2018 Base Prospectus 
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Pages 867 to 946 of the 2018 Base Prospectus 
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Pages 947 to 1000 of the 2018 Base Prospectus 
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Pages 1001 to 1024 of the 2018 Base Prospectus 
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
Pages 1025 to 1028 of the 2018 Base Prospectus 
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
Pages 1029 to 1054 of the 2018 Base Prospectus 
 
Supplement dated 12 June 2018 
Standard Payoff Conditions (Annex 5): Part A: 
Chapter 19: Standard Steepener with Reserve Interest 
Pages 810 to 813 of the 
2018 Base Prospectus 
Pages 2 and 3 of the 
supplement dated 12 June 
2018 
Annex Conditions (Annex 1) – Chapter 5: Rate Linked 
Asset Condition 
Pages 583 to 590 of the 
2018 Base Prospectus 
Pages 10 and 11 of the 
supplement dated 12 June 
2018 
 
Supplement dated 18 June 2018 
Annex Conditions (Annex 1) – Chapter 5: Rate Linked 
Asset Condition 
Pages 583 to 590 of the 
2018 Base Prospectus 
Pages 2 and 3 of the 
supplement dated 18 June 
2018 
 
Supplement dated 13 November 2018 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions  
Pages 656 to 725 of the 
2018 Base Prospectus  
Pages 2 to 4 of the 
supplement 
dated 
13 November 2018

--- Page 93 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
93 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities included in the 2017 Base Prospectus 
Only the sections of the 2017 Base Prospectus related to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and listed 
below are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The sections of the 2017 Base Prospectus that are not incorporated by reference are not relevant for the investor 
or are covered by other sections of this Base Prospectus. 
General Conditions 
Pages 389 to 459 of the 2017 Base Prospectus 
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Pages 460 to 562 of the 2017 Base Prospectus 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
Pages 563 to 632 of the 2017 Base Prospectus 
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
Pages 633 to 654 of the 2017 Base Prospectus 
Annex 4 – Alternative Currency Conditions 
Pages 655 to 657 of the 2017 Base Prospectus 
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Pages 658 to 767 of the 2017 Base Prospectus 
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Pages 768 to 849 of the 2017 Base Prospectus 
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Pages 850 to 906 of the 2017 Base Prospectus 
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Pages 907 to 931 of the 2017 Base Prospectus 
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
Pages 932 to 935 of the 2017 Base Prospectus 
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
Pages 936 to 962 of the 2017 Base Prospectus

--- Page 94 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
94 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities included in the 2016 Base Prospectus (as amended by the 
supplements thereto dated 8 July 2016, 16 August 2016, 17 November 2016 and 16 December 2016) 
Only the sections of the 2016 Base Prospectus related to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and listed 
below are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The sections of the 2016 Base Prospectus that are not incorporated by reference are not relevant for the investor 
or are covered by other sections of this Base Prospectus. 
General Conditions 
Pages 447 to 513 of the 2016 Base Prospectus 
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Pages 514 to 611 of the 2016 Base Prospectus 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
Pages 612 to 681 of the 2016 Base Prospectus 
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
Pages 682 to 703 of the 2016 Base Prospectus 
Annex 4 – Alternative Currency Conditions 
Pages 704 to 706 of the 2016 Base Prospectus 
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Pages 707 to 999 of the 2016 Base Prospectus 
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Pages 1000 to 1109 of the 2016 Base Prospectus 
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Pages 1110 to 1176 of the 2016 Base Prospectus 
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Pages 1177 to 1197 of the 2016 Base Prospectus 
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
Pages 1198 to 1201 of the 2016 Base Prospectus 
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
Pages 1202 to 1228 of the 2016 Base Prospectus 
 
Supplement dated 8 July 2016 
General Conditions 
Pages 450, 490 and 493 of 
the 2016 Base Prospectus 
Pages 2 and 3 of the 
supplement dated 8 July 
2016 
 
Supplement dated 16 August 2016 
General Conditions 
Page 493 of the 2016 
Base Prospectus 
Pages 
10-11 
of 
the 
supplement 
dated 
16 
August 2016 
Annex 6 – Combination Paid Condition 
Pages 1045 to 1047 of the 
2016 Base Prospectus 
Pages 
7-9 
of 
the 
supplement 
dated 
16 
August 2016

--- Page 95 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
95 
Supplement dated 17 November 2016 
General Conditions 
Pages 448, 450, 452, 455, 
458, 463, 464, 466, 473, 
474, 476 to 479, 485, 486, 
490, 507 and 508 of the 
2016 Base Prospectus 
Pages 11 to 15 of the 
supplement 
dated 
17 
November 2016 
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Pages 521 to 523, 531 to 
533, 541, 542, 553 to 555, 
558, 559, 576, 577, 597 to 
599 and 609 to 611 of the 
2016 Base Prospectus 
Pages 13 to 15 of the 
supplement 
dated 
17 
November 2016 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
Page 612 of the 2016 
Base Prospectus 
Page 
15 
of 
the 
supplement 
dated 
17 
November 2016 
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
Pages 691 to 703 of the 
2016 Base Prospectus 
Page 
15 
of 
the 
supplement 
dated 
17 
November 2016 
 
Supplement dated 16 December 2016 
General Conditions 
Pages 448, 449, 452, 455, 
466, 473, 479, 480, 486 
and 507 of the 2016 Base 
Prospectus 
Pages 5 to 8 of the 
supplement 
dated 
16 
December 2016

--- Page 96 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
96 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes included in the 2015 Base Prospectus (as amended by the supplement 
thereto dated 6 October 2015) 
Only the sections of the 2015 Base Prospectus related to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and listed below 
are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The sections of the 2015 Base Prospectus that are not incorporated by reference are not relevant for the investor 
or are covered by other sections of this Base Prospectus. 
General Conditions 
Pages 410 to 469 of the 2015 Base Prospectus 
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Pages 470 to 560 of the 2015 Base Prospectus 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
Pages 561 to 630 of the 2015 Base Prospectus 
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
Pages 631 to 651 of the 2015 Base Prospectus 
Annex 4 – Alternative Currency Conditions 
Pages 652 to 654 of the 2015 Base Prospectus 
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Pages 655 to 924 of the 2015 Base Prospectus 
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Pages 925 to 1031 of the 2015 Base Prospectus 
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Pages 1032 to 1098 of the 2015 Base Prospectus 
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Pages 1099 to 1119 of the 2015 Base Prospectus 
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
Pages 1120 to 1123 of the 2015 Base Prospectus 
Annex 10 – Secured Note Conditions 
Pages 1124 to 1150 of the 2015 Base Prospectus 
 
Supplement dated 6 October 2015 
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Pages 1066-1067 of the 
2015 Base Prospectus 
Pages 
9-10 
of 
the 
supplement 
dated 
6 
October 2015 
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Pages 1078-1079 of the 
2015 Base Prospectus 
Pages 
10-11 
of 
the 
supplement 
dated 
6 
October 2015

--- Page 97 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
97 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes included in the 2014 Base Prospectus (as amended by the supplement 
thereto dated 9 September 2014) 
Only the sections of the 2014 Base Prospectus related to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and listed below 
are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The sections of the 2014 Base Prospectus that are not incorporated by reference are not relevant for the investor 
or are covered by other sections of this Base Prospectus. 
General Conditions 
Pages 389 to 450 of the 2014 Base Prospectus 
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Pages 451 to 496 of the 2014 Base Prospectus 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
Pages 497 to 630 of the 2014 Base Prospectus 
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
Pages 631 to 651 of the 2014 Base Prospectus 
Annex 4 – Alternative Currency Conditions 
Pages 652 to 654 of the 2014 Base Prospectus 
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Pages 655 to 978 of the 2014 Base Prospectus 
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Pages 979 to 1062 of the 2014 Base Prospectus 
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Pages 1063 to 1121 of the 2014 Base Prospectus 
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Pages 1122 to 1142 of the 2014 Base Prospectus 
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
Pages 1143 to 1146 of the 2014 Base Prospectus 
Annex 10 – Secured Note Conditions 
Pages 1147 to 1174 of the 2014 Base Prospectus 
 
Supplement dated 9 September 2014 
General Conditions 
Page 420 of the 2014 
Base Prospectus 
Page 3 of the supplement 
dated 9 September 2014 
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Pages 476 and 477 of the 
2014 Base Prospectus 
Page 2 of the supplement 
dated 9 September 2014 
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Page 1026 of the 2014 
Base Prospectus 
Page 2 of the supplement 
dated 9 September 2014

--- Page 98 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
98 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes included in the 2013 Base Prospectus (as amended by the supplement 
thereto dated 19 September 2013) 
Only the sections of the 2013 Base Prospectus related to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and listed below 
are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The sections of the 2013 Base Prospectus that are not incorporated by reference are not relevant for the investor 
or are covered by other sections of this Base Prospectus. 
General Conditions 
Pages 384 to 442 of the 2013 Base Prospectus 
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Pages 443 to 483 of the 2013 Base Prospectus 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
Pages 484 to 541 of the 2013 Base Prospectus 
Annex 3 – Alternative Currency Conditions 
Pages 542 to 544 of the 2013 Base Prospectus 
Annex 4 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Pages 545 to 771 of the 2013 Base Prospectus 
Annex 5 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Pages 772 to 831 of the 2013 Base Prospectus 
Annex 6 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Pages 832 to 888 of the 2013 Base Prospectus 
Annex 7 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Pages 889 to 908 of the 2013 Base Prospectus 
Annex 8 – Redemption Method Conditions 
Pages 909 to 912 of the 2013 Base Prospectus 
 
Supplement dated 19 September 2013 
Annex 7 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Page 894 of the 2013 
Base Prospectus 
Pages 3 to 7 of the 
supplement 
dated 
19 
September 2013 
Annex 7 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Page 897 of the 2013 
Base Prospectus 
Pages 7 to 8 of the 
supplement 
dated 
19 
September 2013 
Annex 7 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Page 900 of the 2013 
Base Prospectus 
Page 8 of the Supplement 
dated 19 September 2013 
Any information incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus will be deemed amended or replaced for the 
purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent such information is not consistent with a statement made in the Base 
Prospectus or any supplement to the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 99 ---
Form of the Securities 
 
 
99 
FORM OF THE SECURITIES 
This section provides information on the form of the Securities. 
Each Tranche of Securities will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered 
form, without interest coupons attached. Bearer Securities will be issued outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) and Registered Securities will be issued both outside the 
United States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S and, solely with respect to 
U.S. Securities, within the United States in reliance on Rule 144A of the Securities Act. 
Bearer Securities 
Each Tranche of Securities will be in bearer form (Bearer Securities) and will be initially issued in the form of a 
temporary global security (a Temporary Bearer Global Security) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
a permanent global security (a Permanent Bearer Global Security, and together with the Temporary Bearer 
Global Security, the Bearer Global Securities) which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Securities are notes intended to be issued in new global Note (NGN) form or certificates 
intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to 
the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) 
and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); or 
(ii) 
if the Global Securities are not intended to be issued in NGN form (and are therefore intended to be issued 
in classic global note (CGN) form), be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (in the case of Securities cleared through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg). 
Whilst any Bearer Security is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Security, payments of nominal, interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Securities due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Security if the Temporary Bearer 
Global Security is intended to be issued in CGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) 
to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Bearer Security are not U.S. persons or persons who 
have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like 
certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Securities 
cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg). 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is expected to be 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global 
Security is issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Security will, subject to certification of beneficial 
ownership as described above (unless such certification has already been given), be exchangeable (free of charge) 
upon a request as described therein, either (i) for interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Security of the same Series 
or (ii) if so provided in the applicable Final Terms, for delivery of definitive Bearer Securities (Definitive Bearer 
Securities) of the same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) following the expiration of such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, except that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive Definitive 
Bearer Securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the relevant Bearer Global Security is issued in respect of a 
Tranche of Bearer Global Securities described as Partly Paid Securities in the applicable Final Terms, such Bearer 
Global Security may be exchanged for Definitive Bearer Security and (if applicable) coupons, receipts and/or 
talons as described above only if the final part payment on all such Partly Paid Securities then outstanding has 
been paid. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Security will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, 
nominal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the 
Temporary Bearer Global Security for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Security or for Definitive Bearer 
Securities is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of nominal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Security will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Bearer Global Security if the Permanent Bearer Global Security is intended to be issued in CGN form) 
without any requirement for certification.

--- Page 100 ---
Form of the Securities 
 
 
100 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Security will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for Definitive Bearer Securities with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons 
and talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event, except that, if the relevant Permanent Bearer 
Global Security is issued in respect of Partly Paid Securities, such Permanent Bearer Global Security may be 
exchanged for Definitive Securities and (if applicable) coupons, receipts and/or talons as described above only if 
the final part payment on all such Partly Paid Securities then outstanding has been paid. For these purposes, 
Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in General Condition 10 (Events of Default)) has 
occurred and is continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (in the case of Securities cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg) have been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or 
have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no 
successor clearing system is available or (iii) the relevant Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax 
consequences which are as a result of legislative changes in the domicile of the relevant Issuer and which would 
not be suffered were the Securities in definitive form. The relevant Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of 
any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Security) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
(in the case of Securities cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg) requesting exchange and, 
in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant Issuer may also give 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days 
after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Securities, which have an original maturity of more than one year 
and on all receipts and interest coupons relating to such Bearer Securities: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE, AS AMENDED." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct 
any loss on Bearer Securities, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any 
gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of nominal in respect of such Securities, receipts or interest 
coupons. 
Securities, which are represented by a Permanent Bearer Global Security, will only be transferable in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Securities 
Securities in registered form (Registered Securities) and sold in reliance on Regulation S (the Regulation S 
Securities), which will be sold to non-U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a 
global security in registered form (a Regulation S Global Security). Beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global 
Security may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided 
in General Condition 1.3 (Transfer) and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and such Regulation S Global Security will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
The Registered Securities of each Tranche of U.S. Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB may only be offered 
and sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons in private transactions to "qualified 
institutional buyers" within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act (QIBs). The Registered Securities 
of each Tranche of U.S. Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL may be restricted 
to being offered and sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons in private 
transactions to QIBs who are also "qualified purchasers" as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company 
Act and the rules thereunder (QPs). The Registered Securities of each Tranche of U.S. Securities sold to QIBs or 
QIBs who are also QPs, as applicable, in reliance on Rule 144A (the Rule 144A Securities) will be represented 
by a global security in registered form (a Rule 144A Global Security and, together with a Regulation S Global 
Security, the Registered Global Securities). 
Registered Global Securities either:

--- Page 101 ---
Form of the Securities 
 
 
101 
(i) 
will be deposited with a custodian (the Custodian) for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, the 
Depository Trust Company (DTC) and in the case of a Regulation S Global Security, for the accounts of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (in the case of Securities cleared through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg); or 
(ii) 
if the Registered Global Securities (A) are intended to be held under the new safekeeping structure (NSS), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, and if the 
Registered Global Securities are not intended to be held in the NSS, will be deposited with a common 
depositary, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Securities will be entitled or required, as the case may 
be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of Definitive Securities in fully 
registered form. 
The Rule 144A Global Securities and the Regulation S Global Securities will be subject to certain restrictions on 
transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions. 
Payments of nominal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Securities will be made to 
the person shown on the Register (as defined in General Condition 5.4 (Payments in respect of Registered 
Securities)) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Securities. None of the Issuers, the Guarantor, any 
Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or 
payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Securities or 
for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of nominal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Securities in definitive form will 
be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record Date (as defined in General Condition 5.4 
(Payments in respect of Registered Securities)) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner 
provided in that General Condition.  
Interests in a Registered Global Security will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
Definitive Registered Securities without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (a) an Event of Default (as defined in General 
Condition 10 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is continuing, (b) in the case of Securities registered in the 
name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified the relevant Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue 
to act as depository for the Securities and no alternative clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute 
a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act, (c) in the case of Securities registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (in the case of Securities cleared 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg), the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason 
of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact 
done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available or (d) the relevant Issuer has or will 
become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Securities represented by the 
Registered Global Security in definitive form. The relevant Issuer will promptly give notice to Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event, DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg may give notice to the Registrar requesting 
exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (d) above, the relevant Issuer 
may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days 
after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Security may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be transferred 
to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Security or in the form of a Definitive 
Registered Security (if available) and Definitive Registered Securities may, subject to compliance with all 
applicable restrictions, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Securities in the form of an interest in 
a Registered Global Security (if available). No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Security will 
be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and

--- Page 102 ---
Form of the Securities 
 
 
102 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable. Registered Securities are also subject to the 
restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions, see "Subscription 
and Sale". 
Dematerialised Securities 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms and for the purpose of allowing clearing of Securities in alternative 
clearing systems, any Series may, in full but not in part, be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry 
form (Dematerialised Securities) in accordance with all applicable laws of the relevant jurisdiction of such 
alternative clearing system and the rules and regulations of such alternative clearing system. 
Securities designated as "Swedish Securities" in the applicable Final Terms (Swedish Securities) will constitute 
Dematerialised Securities issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with the 
Swedish Central Securities Depositary and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (in Swedish: lag (1998:1479) om 
värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) and all other applicable Swedish laws, 
regulations and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by the Swedish central securities depository (in 
Swedish: central värdepappersförvarare) from time to time (the Swedish CSD Rules) designated as the relevant 
clearing system for the Swedish Securities in the applicable Final Terms (which is expected to be Euroclear 
Sweden AB) (the Swedish CSD). No Physical Global or Definitive Securities or certificates will be issued in 
respect of Swedish Securities other than as provided below and the provisions relating to presentation, surrender 
or replacement of such physical bearer instruments shall not apply. Payments of nominal, interest (if any) or any 
other amounts on any Swedish Security will be made through the Swedish CSD in accordance with the Swedish 
CSD Rules. 
Securities designated as "Norwegian Securities" in the applicable Final Terms (Norwegian Securities) will be 
issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with the Norwegian Securities Register 
Act (in Norwegian: lov om registrering av finansielle instrumenter av 5. juli 2002 nr. 64). The Norwegian 
Securities shall be regarded as Securities represented by global securities for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities save to the extent specified otherwise in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
or the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Securities are inconsistent with Norwegian laws, regulations and 
operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by the relevant Norwegian central securities depository (in 
Norwegian: verdipapirregister) from time to time (the Norwegian CSD Rules) designated as relevant clearing 
system for the Norwegian Securities in the applicable Final Terms (which is expected to be Verdipapirsentralen 
ASA (VPS)) (the Norwegian CSD). No Physical Global or Definitive Securities or certificates will be issued in 
respect of Norwegian Securities and the provisions relating to presentation, surrender or replacement of such bearer 
instruments shall not apply. 
Securities designated as "Finnish Securities" in the applicable Final Terms (Finnish Securities) will constitute 
Dematerialised Securities issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with the 
Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (in Finnish: Laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja 
selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017), the Finnish Act on Book-Entry Accounts (in Finnish: Laki arvo-osuustileistä 
827/1991, as amended) and all other applicable Finnish laws, regulations and operating procedures applicable to 
and/or issued by the Finnish central securities depository from time to time (the Finnish CSD Rules) designated 
as the relevant clearing system for the Finnish Securities in the applicable Final Terms (which is expected to be 
Euroclear Finland Oy) (the Finnish CSD). No Physical Global or Definitive Securities or certificates will be issued 
in respect of Finnish Securities. Payments or any other amounts on any Finnish Security will be made through the 
Finnish CSD in accordance with the Finnish CSD Rules. The Finnish CSD will not have qualified intermediary 
status. 
When appropriate, the following legend will apply in respect of all Dematerialised Securities, which have an 
original maturity of more than one year and on all payments relating to such Dematerialised Securities: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE, AS AMENDED."

--- Page 103 ---
Form of the Securities 
 
 
103 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Securities"), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Securities is issued which is intended to form a single 
Series with an existing Tranche of Securities, the Securities of such further Tranche shall be assigned a Common 
Code and ISIN and, where applicable, a CUSIP and CINS number which are different from the Common Code 
and ISIN, CUSIP and CINS assigned to Securities of any other Tranche of the same Series. 
For so long as any of the Securities is represented by a Global Security held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal 
amount of such Securities (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Securities standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive 
and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error or proven error) shall be treated by the Issuers, the 
Guarantor and their agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Securities for all purposes other than 
with respect to the payment of nominal or interest on such nominal amount of such Securities, for which purpose 
the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Security or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Security 
shall be treated by the Issuers, the Guarantor and their agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such 
Securities in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Security and the expressions 
Securityholder and holder of Securities and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
So long as DTC or its nominee is the registered owner or holder of a Registered Global Security, DTC or such 
nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Securities represented by such 
Registered Global Security for all purposes under the Agency Agreement and such Securities except to the extent 
that in accordance with DTC's published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by its 
participants or beneficial owners through participants.   
Any reference herein to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any relevant clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where General Condition 10 (Events of Default) applies to Securities, a Security may be accelerated by the holder 
thereof in certain circumstances described in General Condition 10 (Events of Default). In such circumstances, 
where any Security is still represented by a Global Security and the Global Security (or any part thereof) has 
become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Securities and payment in full of 
the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Security then the Global 
Security will become void at 8.00 p.m. (Paris time) on such day. At the same time, holders of interests in such 
Global Security credited to their accounts with DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer on the basis of statements of 
account provided by DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and for the Securities governed 
by English law, subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the English Law Deed of Covenant) dated 7 May 
2021 and for the Securities governed by Irish law, subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Irish Law Deed 
of Covenant) dated 7 May 2021 executed by each of the Issuers. In addition, holders of interests in such Global 
Security credited to their accounts with DTC may require DTC to deliver Definitive Securities in registered form 
in exchange for their interest in such Global Security in accordance with DTC's standard operating procedures. 
Securities designated as "EUI Securities" will be held in registered uncertificated form in accordance with the 
Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001, including any modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being 
in force (the EUI Regulations) and as such are dematerialised and not constituted by any physical document of 
title. The EUI Securities are participating securities for the purposes of the Regulations. Title to the EUI Securities 
is recorded on the relevant Operator register of corporate securities. The EUI Agent on behalf of the Issuer shall, 
in relation to the EUI Securities, maintain a record of uncertificated corporate securities in accordance with the 
records of Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (EUI or CREST) (formerly known as CRESTCo Limited) (the 
Record) and shall procure that the Record is regularly updated to reflect the Operator register of corporate 
securities in accordance with the rules and practices from time to time of the Operator. Subject to this requirement, 
(i) each person who is for the time being shown in the Record as the holder of a particular number of EUI Securities 
shall be treated by the Issuer and the EUI Agent as the holder of such number of EUI Securities for all purposes 
(and the expression EUI Holder and related expressions shall be construed accordingly), and (ii) neither the Issuer, 
the Guarantor nor the EUI Agent shall be liable in respect of any act or thing done or omitted to be done by it or

--- Page 104 ---
Form of the Securities 
 
 
104 
on its behalf in reliance upon the assumption that the particulars entered in the Record which the EUI Agent 
maintains are in accordance with particulars entered in the Operator register of corporate securities relating to the 
EUI Securities. 
EUI Securities  
The EUI Securities are participating securities for the purposes of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001, 
including any modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force (the Regulations). Title to the EUI 
Securities is recorded on the relevant Operator register of corporate securities. The EUI Agent acting on behalf of 
the Issuer shall, in relation to the EUI Securities, maintain a record of uncertificated corporate securities in 
accordance with the records of Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (EUI or CREST) (formerly known as CRESTCo 
Limited) (the Record) and shall procure that the Record is regularly updated to reflect the Operator register of 
corporate securities in accordance with the rules and practices from time to time of the Operator. Subject to this 
requirement, (i) each person who is for the time being shown in the Record as the holder of a particular number of 
EUI Securities shall be treated by the Issuer and the EUI Agent as the holder of such number of EUI Securities for 
all purposes (and the expression EUI Holder and related expressions shall be construed accordingly), and (ii) 
neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor the EUI Agent shall be liable in respect of any act or thing done or omitted to 
be done by it or on its behalf in reliance upon the assumption that the particulars entered in the Record which the 
EUI Agent maintains are in accordance with particulars entered in the Operator register of corporate securities 
relating to the EUI Securities. No provision of the Conditions of any EUI Securities shall apply or have effect to 
the extent that it is in any respect inconsistent with (i) the holding of title to EUI Securities (ii) the transfer of title 
to EUI Securities by means of a relevant system or (iii) the Regulations. Without prejudice to the generality of the 
preceding sentence and notwithstanding anything contained in the Conditions of any EUI Securities, so long as 
the EUI Securities are participating securities, (a) any EUI Securities which are not for the time being in all respects 
identical to, or do not for the time being have rights attached thereto identical in all respects to those attached to, 
other EUI Securities of the same Series shall be deemed to constitute a separate Series of EUI Securities, (b) the 
Operator register of corporate securities relating to the EUI Securities shall be maintained at all times in the United 
Kingdom, (c) the EUI Securities may be issued in uncertificated form in accordance with and subject as provided 
in the Regulations; and (d) for the avoidance of doubt, the Conditions of any EUI Securities shall remain applicable 
notwithstanding that they are not endorsed on any certificate for such EUI Securities. 
As used herein each of "Operator register of corporate securities", "participating securities", "record of 
uncertificated corporate securities" and "relevant system" is as defined in the Regulations and the relevant 
"Operator" (as such term is used in the Regulations) is EUI (formerly CRESTCo Limited) or any additional or 
alternative operator from time to time approved by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the EUI Agent in relation to the 
EUI Securities and in accordance with the Regulations. Any reference herein to the Operator shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any such additional or alternative Operator from time to 
time and notified to the EUI Holders. Any indication herein that the Operator "shall" do, or similar expression or 
phrase indicating that they are obliged to or will carry out any role or obligation described in these Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, is given without any assumption by the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the EUI Agent or the Calculation Agent, of responsibility or liability for the performance of the Operator. In respect 
of dematerialised CREST depository interests (CDIs), investors will hold CDIs constituted and issued by CREST 
Depository Limited and representing indirect interests in the Securities. The CDIs will be issued and settled 
through CREST. 
Except for Securities governed by Irish Law, neither the Securities nor any rights thereto will be issued, held, 
transferred or settled within the CREST system otherwise than through the issue, holding, transfer and settlement 
of CDIs. 
Holders of CDIs will not be entitled to deal directly in Securities and accordingly all dealings in the Securities will 
be effected through CREST in relation to holding of CDIs.

--- Page 105 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
105 
FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS 
This section sets out a pro forma for the Final Terms. 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms, which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes/Certificates (the 
Securities), issued under the Programme. 
[The Base Prospectus dated 7 May 2021 expires on 7 May 2022. The updated Base Prospectus shall be 
available on the website of (a) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website (www.bourse.lu) and (ii) Crédit 
Agricole CIB (www.ca-cib.com) and for inspection during normal business hours at the registered office 
of Crédit Agricole CIB.]1 
[EEA MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Securities is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market. Possible wording 
could include, for example, "The target market assessment indicates that Securities are incompatible with the 
needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking 
on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]"]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Securities (a Distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] (Include this legend alternative if the target market is intended to 
be professional investors only (ie, it does not include retail investors)) 
[EEA MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Securities, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 2018, has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail 
clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Securities are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised 
sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Securities to retail clients are 
appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales][ and pure execution 
services][, subject to the suitability and appropriateness obligations of the Distributor (as defined below) under 
MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market. Possible wording could include, for example, 
"The target market assessment indicates that Securities are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and 
objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment 
of the amounts invested]"]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a 
Distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the Distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable].] (Include this legend alternative if the target market is intended to include retail 
investors) 
[UK MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS) and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
 
 
1  
Include this paragraph for Securities being offered on a continuous basis or where the public offer extends beyond the expiry of 
the approval of the Base Prospectus and no new final terms are being produced.

--- Page 106 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
106 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA) (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market. Possible wording could include, for 
example, "The target market assessment indicates that Securities are incompatible with the needs, characteristic 
and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full 
repayment of the amounts invested]"]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities 
(for the purposes of this paragraph, a Distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (EUWA) (UK MiFIR), and retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of EUWA; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Securities are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Securities to retail clients are appropriate - 
investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales][ and pure execution services][, subject 
to the suitability and appropriateness obligations of the Distributor (as defined below) under the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules (as defined below), as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market. Possible wording 
could include, for example, "The target market assessment indicates that Securities are incompatible with the 
needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking 
on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]"]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Securities (a Distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the Distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, as applicable].] (Include this legend alternative if the 
target market is intended to include retail investors) 
[PRIIPs Regulation – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA).  For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation).  Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.] (Include this legend alternative if Securities are a "packaged product" for 
the purpose of the PRIIPs Regulation and a key information document will not be made available or the issuer 
wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason) 
[PRIIPs Regulation – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS WITHOUT KID – The 
Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA) without an updated key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA.  For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that

--- Page 107 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
107 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation).] (Include 
this legend alternative if Securities are a "packaged product" for the purpose of the PRIIPS Regulation and a key 
information document will be made available) 
[UK PRIIPs Regulation – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. (Include this legend alternative if Securities are a "packaged product" for the purpose of the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation and a key information document will not be made available or the issuer wishes to prohibit 
offers to UK retail investors for any other reason) 
[UK PRIIPs Regulation – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS WITHOUT KID – 
The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK) without an updated key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (as amended, the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA.  For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation).] (Include this legend alternative if 
Securities are a "packaged product" for the purpose of the UK PRIIPS Regulation and a key information document 
will be made available) 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act. Chapter 289 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) – [To insert notice if the Securities are not classified as 
capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products" pursuant to Section 309B(1)(c) of the 
SFA or "Specified Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAAN16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)]]2 
[Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in Switzerland - No key information document according to the Swiss 
Federal Financial Services Act (the FinSA) or any equivalent document under the FinSA has been prepared in 
relation to the Securities, and, therefore, the Securities may not be offered or recommended to private clients within 
the meaning of the FinSA in Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a person who is not one (or 
more) of the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-in on the basis 
of Article 5 (5) FinSA) or Article 5 (1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in Article 4(4) FinSA; or 
(iii) a private client with an asset management agreement according to Article 58(2) FinSA. "Offer", for these 
purposes, refers to the interpretation of such term in Article 58 FinSA.] (Include this legend if Securities are debt 
instruments with a "derivative character" for the purpose of the FinSA and a key information document under 
Article 58 FinSA (Swiss key information document) or Article 59(2) FinSA (key information document required by 
 
 
2  
Applicable in the case of Securities offered to persons in Singapore.  Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received 
the necessary product classification from the relevant Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 108 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
108 
PRIIPS Regulation) will not be made available or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to private clients in 
Switzerland without an asset management agreement for any other reason) 
[Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in Switzerland without KID - The Securities are not intended to be 
offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (the 
FinSA) in Switzerland without an updated key information document according to the FinSA or any equivalent 
document under the FinSA in relation to the Securities. For these purposes, a private client means a person who is 
not one (or more) of the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-in 
on the basis of Article 5 (5) FinSA) or Article 5 (1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in Article 4(4) 
FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement according to Article 58(2) FinSA. "Offer", for 
these purposes, refers to the interpretation of such term in Article 58 FinSA.]. (Include this legend alternative if 
Securities are debt instruments with a "derivative character" for the purpose of the FinSA and a key information 
document under Article 58 FinSA (Swiss key information document) or Article 59(2) FinSA (key information 
document required by PRIIPS Regulation) will be made available) 
[These Final Terms have not been and will not be filed and deposited with a review body in Switzerland for entry 
on the list according to Article 64(5) of the [Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (the FinSA)/FinSA]. 
Accordingly, the Securities may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning 
of the FinSA, other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) of the FinSA. Neither these Final Terms 
nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Securities constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the 
FinSA, and neither these Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Securities may 
be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.] (Include if Final Terms for the 
Securities are not filed and deposited with a review body in Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 
64(5) of the FinSA or, for other reasons, are not deemed to be approved in Switzerland according to Article 54(2) 
FinSA.) 
[Where the Securities are offered to the public in Switzerland, other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 
36(1) of the [Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (the FinSA)/FinSA], investors in Switzerland who have already 
subscribed or agreed to purchase or subscribe for Securities before any supplement to the Base Prospectus is 
published have the right to withdraw their subscriptions and acceptances within two days after the closing of [the 
Offer Period or] the final closing of the public offer in Switzerland. The [Offer Period] [period of public offer in 
Switzerland] shall not be extended following the publication of a supplement.] (Include if Final Terms for the 
Securities are filed and deposited with a review body in Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) 
of the FinSA and are deemed to be approved in Switzerland according to Article 54(2) FinSA.) 
 
FINAL TERMS DATED [⚫] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche][Title of Securities] 
under the €50,000,000,000 
Structured Debt Instruments Issuance Programme 
by 
[CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK] 
[CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FINANCIAL SOLUTIONS] 
[CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FINANCE LUXEMBOURG S.A.] 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): [Insert for Crédit Agricole CIB: 1VUV7VQFKUOQSJ21A208]/[Insert for 
[Insert for Crédit Agricole CIB FS: 969500HUHIE5GG515X42]/[Insert for Crédit Agricole CIB FL: 
529900XFWQOQK3RQS789] 
[guaranteed by CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK] 
(include where the Issuer is Crédit Agricole FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL) 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS

--- Page 109 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
109 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes of [the Prospectus 
Regulation][Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation)] and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 7 May 2021 [and the supplement[s] dated [●] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] (the Base Prospectus) in order to 
obtain all the relevant information. [A summary of the issue of the Securities is annexed to these Final Terms.]3 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing [on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange website (www.bourse.lu)] [and] [during normal business hours at the registered 
office of Crédit Agricole CIB and on its website ([https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram])].] 
[In addition4, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing 
[at/on] [⚫]].] 
[The validity of the above mentioned Base Prospectus dated 7 May 2021, under which the Securities described in 
these Final Terms [are issued][are continuously offered], ends on 7 May 2022.  From this point in time, these Final 
Terms are to be read together with the latest base prospectus of the Issuer for its Structured Debt Instruments 
Issuance Programme, including the information incorporated by reference in the latest base prospectus from the 
Base Prospectus dated 7 May 2021, under which these Securities were initially issued.  The latest base prospectus 
of the Issuer for its Structured Debt Instruments Programme from time to time will [be published on [●][the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange website (www.bourse.lu)]] [and] [be available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the registered office of Crédit Agricole CIB ([https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram]) 
and the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent.]] (Include this paragraph for Securities being offered on a 
continuous basis or where the public offer extends beyond the expiry of the approval of the Base Prospectus and 
no new final terms are being produced) 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated [7 May 2020, as supplemented by the supplement dated 18 December 2020] [8 May 
2019, as supplemented by the supplements dated 19 November 2019 and 5 February 2020][9 May 2018, as 
supplemented by the supplements dated 12 June 2018, 18 June 2018 and 13 November 2018][10 May 2017][11 
May 2016, as supplemented by the supplements dated 8 July 2016, 16 August 2016, 17 November 2016 and 16 
December 2016][6 July 2015, as supplemented by the supplement dated 6 October 2015][25 June 2014, as 
supplemented by the supplement dated 9 September 2014][21 June 2013, as supplemented by, the supplement 
dated 19 September 2013] (the Terms and Conditions) which are incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus dated 7 May 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●]]which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation including the Terms and Conditions 
which are incorporated by reference therein in order to obtain all the relevant information (the 2021 Base 
Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with the 
2020 Base Prospectus. [A summary of the issue of the Securities is annexed to these Final Terms.]5 The Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing [on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange website (www.bourse.lu)] [and] [during normal business hours at the registered office of Crédit Agricole 
CIB and on its website ([https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram]). [In addition6, the Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing [at/on] [⚫]].]] 
[(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote directions for completing the Final Terms.)] 
 
 
3  
Only required for Securities with a denomination of less than € 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). 
4  
If the Securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange regulated market. 
5  
Only required for Securities with a denomination of less than € 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). 
6  
If the Securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange regulated market.

--- Page 110 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
110 
[(When adding information consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information constitute 
"significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
[(If the Securities have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, then the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.)] 
[(This Form of the Final Terms includes placeholders indicating that the "Relevant Standard Interest Payoff", 
"Relevant Standard Redemption Payoff", "Relevant Combination Interest Payoff" or "Relevant Combination 
Redemption Payoff" will be added when the Final Terms are completed for a Series of Securities. For these 
purposes: 
(a) 
"Relevant Standard Interest Payoff" means any one of the following Standard Interest Payoffs as set out 
in Part A of the Standard Payoff Conditions: 
Standard Fixed Interest, Standard Floating Interest, Standard Floater Interest, Standard Inverse Floater 
Interest, Standard Participation Interest, Standard Range Accrual Interest, Standard Power Interest, 
Standard Digital to Participation Interest, Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest, Standard ABF 
Interest, Standard Fixed Range Accrual Performance Interest, Standard Digital/Performance, Standard 
Performance 
Interest, 
Standard 
Steepener 
With 
Reserve 
Interest 
or 
Standard 
Memory 
Digital/Performance Interest; 
(b) 
"Relevant Standard Redemption Payoff" means any one of the following Standard Redemption Payoffs as 
set out in Part B of the Standard Payoff Conditions: 
Standard Fixed Redemption, Standard Floater Redemption, Standard Participation Redemption, 
Standard 
Digital 
to 
Participation 
Redemption, 
Standard 
ABF 
Redemption, 
Standard 
Digital/Performance Redemption, Standard Performance Redemption, Standard Fixed Range Accrual 
Redemption, Standard Target Volatility Redemption or Standard Drop-Back Redemption; 
(c) 
"Relevant Combination Interest Payoff" means any one of the following Combination Interest Payoffs: 
Combination Addition Interest, Combination Capitalisation Interest, Combination Digital Interest, 
Combination Division Interest, Combination Multiplication Interest, Combination Ratchet Interest, 
Combination Range Interest, Combination Snowrange Interest, Combination Subtract Interest, 
Combination Maximum Interest, Combination Minimum Interest, Combination Payoff-Linked Digital 
Interest, Combination Ladder Ratchet Interest or Combination Digital Performance Interest; and 
(d) 
"Relevant Combination Redemption Payoff" means any one of the following Combination Redemption 
Payoffs as set out in Part B of the Combination Payoff Condition: 
Combination Addition Redemption, Combination Capitalisation Redemption, Combination Digital 
Redemption, Combination Division Redemption, Combination Multiplication Redemption, Combination 
Ratchet Redemption, Combination Range Redemption, Combination Subtract Redemption, Combination 
Maximum Redemption, Combination Minimum Redemption, Combination Complex Digital Basket 
Contingency Redemption, Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption or Combination Digital 
Performance Redemption.)] 
[These Final Terms relate to the multiple series of Securities as set out in Part [F] (Specific Provisions for Each 
Series).  References herein to "Securities" shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Securities that are the 
subject of these Final Terms and references to "Security" shall be construed accordingly.] 
(Where the Final Terms cover more than one series of Securities, a table in Part F should be provided for all 
variables which will differ across the multiple series of Securities.  The relevant line item for any such variable in 
Part F should include the following language: "See the Specific Provisions for Each Series in Part F".)] 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[●]

--- Page 111 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
111 
 
(b) 
Type of Securities: 
[Notes][Certificates] 
 
(c) 
Tranche Number: 
[●][The Securities shall be consolidated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with 
the Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Tranche][Title of Securities] on [(insert date/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Bearer 
Security for interests in the Permanent Global Bearer 
Security)] 
 
(d) 
Date on which the Securities become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable][The Securities shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of Tranche][Title of Securities], the terms and 
conditions of which are set out in the Issuer's Base 
Prospectus dated [7 May 2020][8 May 2019][9 May 
2018][10 May 2017][11 May 2016][6 July 2015][25 
June 2014][21 June 2013] (as supplemented by 
supplement(s) dated [18 December 2020] [19 November 
2019 and 5 February 2020][12 June 2018, 18 June 2018 
and 13 November 2018][8 July 2016, 16 August 2016, 
17 November 2016 and 16 December 2016][6 October 
2015][9 September 2014][19 September 2013]).][The 
Securities will become fungible with the Securities 
referred to above on [insert date][the Issue Date][the 
date of exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global 
Security for interests in the Permanent Bearer Global 
Security][which is expected to occur on or about [insert 
date]]] 
2. 
(a) 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
(N.B. if Swedish Securities, only SEK or EUR) 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[●] [(Where Securities are fungible with an existing 
tranche, indicate the Aggregate Nominal Amount for 
each tranche and the aggregate amount in respect of 
each Tranche for the Series Aggregate Nominal 
Amount)]. 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount][[●] 
per Certificate] [plus accrued interest from [(insert 
date)]] 
(In the case of fungible issues only, if applicable) 
[The Issue Price of Partly Paid Securities will be payable 
in more than one instalment. See paragraph [8(f)] 
below.] 
(Include in the case of partly paid Securities) 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
[[●] and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof 
up to and including [●].] [No Securities in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination above [●].]

--- Page 112 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
112 
(In respect of Dematerialised French Securities, there 
shall be one Specified Denomination only) 
[Calculation of Interest and Redemption based on the 
Specified Denomination: Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(In the case of Registered Securities, this means the 
minimum integral amount in which transfers can be 
made.) 
 
 
(If an issue of Securities is (i) NOT admitted to trading 
on an European Economic Area regulated market; and 
(ii) only offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is not required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation the €1,000 
minimum denomination may not be required.) 
 
 
(Securities must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent) in order to benefit from the 
wholesale exemption set out in article 1(4)(c) of the 
Prospectus Regulation.) 
 
(b) 
Minimum Trading Size: 
[Applicable. The Minimum Trading Size is [●] in 
aggregate nominal amount][Not Applicable] 
(Specify the relevant minimum amount for the purposes 
of General Condition 1.3 (Transfer). Note that this will 
apply to acquisition and trading of the Securities.) 
 
(c) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. 
If 
more 
than 
one 
Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. N.B.: 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denomination.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Trade Date(s): 
[●] (Where multiple Trade Dates are relevant, specify 
all Trade Dates and distinguish as necessary) 
 
(c) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date][●][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Securities, for example Zero Coupon 
Securities.) 
7. 
Redemption Date: 
[(Specify date)]] 
 
 
[(Credit Linked Securities:) [(specify date)], subject to 
the provisions of Annex 2 (Credit Linked Conditions) 
and paragraph "Credit Linked Securities" of these Final 
Terms] 
(If Credit Linked Securities are used in combination with 
another type of Security, use the option above for Credit 
Linked Security)

--- Page 113 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
113 
 
 
[(Bond Linked Securities:) [(specify date)], subject to the 
provisions of Annex 3 (Bond Linked Conditions) and 
paragraph "Bond Linked Securities" of these Final 
Terms] 
(If Bond Linked Securities are used in combination with 
another type of Security, use the option above for Bond 
Linked Security) 
(A Series of Securities can be both Credit Linked 
Securities and Bond Linked Securities) 
 
 
[(Preference Share Linked Securities:) [(specify date)], 
subject to the provisions of Annex 11 (Preference Share  
Linked Conditions) and paragraph "Preference Share 
Linked Securities" of these Final Terms] 
 
 
Subject to any early redemption date. 
 
(a) 
[Renouncement 
Notice 
Cut-off 
Time: 
[●] 
(Italian Listed Certificates only) 
 
(b) 
Expiry Date (Data di Scadenza): 
[●] 
(Italian Listed Certificates only) 
 
(c) 
Interest Record Date(s): 
[●] 
(Italian Listed Securities only)] 
8. 
Type of [Notes][Certificates]: 
(Select each that applies) 
 
(a) 
Interest: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Fixed Rate Security] 
 
 
[Floating Rate Security] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon Security] 
 
 
[Commodity Linked Interest Security] [Index Linked 
Interest Security] [Inflation Linked Interest Security] 
[FX Linked Interest Security] [Rate Linked Interest 
Security] [ETF Linked Interest Security] [Share Linked 
Interest Security] [Fund Linked Interest Security] 
[Future Linked Interest Security] [Multi-Asset Basket 
Linked Interest Security]] 
 
 
(Specify Multi-Asset Basket Linked Interest Security if 
interest is linked to more than one type of Underlying) 
 
 
[(Further particulars specified below in "PROVISIONS 
RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE" 
[and in "PAYOFF FEATURES (IF ANY) RELATING 
TO INTEREST"])] 
[Negative Interest: Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 114 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
114 
 
 
[Other than Partly Paid Securities which are Zero 
Coupon Securities, interest will accrue as aforesaid on 
the paid-up nominal amount of the Partly Paid Security.] 
(Include in the case of Partly Paid Securities) 
 
(b) 
Redemption: 
[Standard Redemption] (include if redemption is not 
linked to an Underlying) 
 
 
[Credit Linked Security] 
 
 
[Bond Linked Security] 
 
 
[Preference Share Linked Security] 
 
 
[Instalment Security] 
 
 
[Commodity Linked Redemption Security] [Index 
Linked 
Redemption 
Security] 
[Inflation 
Linked 
Redemption 
Security] 
[FX 
Linked 
Redemption 
Security] [Rate Linked Redemption Security] [ETF 
Linked 
Redemption 
Security] 
[Share 
Linked 
Redemption Security] [Fund Linked Redemption 
Security] [Future Linked Redemption Security] [Multi-
Asset Basket Linked Redemption Security]] 
(Specify Multi-Asset Basket Linked Redemption Security 
if redemption amount is linked to more than one type of 
Underlying) 
 
 
[(Further particulars specified below in "PROVISIONS 
RELATING TO REDEMPTION" [and in "PAYOFF 
FEATURES 
(IF 
ANY) 
RELATING 
TO 
REDEMPTION"])] 
 
(c) 
[U.S. Securities: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (N.B. U.S. Securities can 
be issued only subject to additional U.S. regulatory 
analysis and, if required, additional disclosure.)] 
 
(d) 
[Other: 
[[Swedish Securities][Norwegian Securities][Finnish 
Securities] [Italian Certificates][Italian Notes][EUI 
Securities] (Further particulars specified below in 
"OPERATIONAL INFORMATION")] [Alternative 
Currency Securities (Further particulars specified below 
in "Alternative Currency Conditions")] 
 
(e) 
[Additional U.S. Regulatory 
Disclosure: 
[Not Applicable][⚫] (N.B. Relevant where U.S. 
Securities are to be issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL.) 
[Investment Company Act status]] 
 
(f) 
Partly Paid Securities Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per Conditions [4.13 
and 7.2] of the General Terms and Conditions] 
(Insert amount of each payment comprising the Issue 
Price and date on which each payment is to be made and

--- Page 115 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
115 
consequences of failure to pay) (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
(i) 
Part Payment Amount(s):  
[Insert the part payment amount(s)] 
(ii) 
Part Payment Date(s): 
[Insert the part payment date(s)] 
9. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Securities[ and English Guarantee][ and Irish 
Guarantee][and French Guarantee] obtained: 
[●] (N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Securities or related Guarantee, any issues of Securities 
by Crédit Agricole CIB or Crédit Agricole CIB FS 
constituting obligations under French law require the 
prior authorisation of the Board of Directors in 
accordance with article L. 228-40 of the French Code 
de commerce.) 
10. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated][Non-syndicated] 
11. 
Asset Conditions: 
[[Commodity] [Index] [FX] [Inflation] [Rate] [ETF] 
[Share] [Fund] [Futures] [Multi-Asset Basket]] Linked 
Asset Conditions applicable in accordance with 
Annex 1][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Alternative Currency Conditions: 
[Applicable 
in 
accordance 
with 
Annex 4][Not 
Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
CNY Securities: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable if it is an Alternative Currency Security 
denominated in CNY or if Dual Currency (Interest) 
Payoff Feature or Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff 
Feature is applicable and the Interest Currency or 
Redemption Currency is CNY) 
 
(b) 
CNY Settlement Centre(s): 
[Hong 
Kong 
Special 
Administrative 
Region][Taiwan][Singapore][●] 
(Only applicable if CNY Securities) 
 
(c) 
Scheduled 
Payment 
Currency 
Jurisdiction: 
[●][Hong Kong] (Only applicable if "CNY" is the 
Scheduled Payment Currency) 
 
(d) 
Scheduled Payment Currency: 
[●] 
 
(e) 
Alternative Currency: 
[As per the Alternative Currency Conditions (if U.S. 
dollar)][●] 
(Only applicable if CNY Securities) 
 
(f) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
making 
calculation 
and 
[●]

--- Page 116 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
116 
determinations pursuant to Annex 4 
(Alternative Currency Conditions): 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
 
(Repeat rows (using the same variables only) as 
necessary where a line item is used multiple times) 
13. 
Fixed Rate Security: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][Applicable for the 
purposes of Standard Fixed Interest] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[(For One-off Coupon Securities) [One-off 
Coupon applies]] 
[(For Credit Linked Securities) [Applicable subject 
to Annex 2 (Credit Linked Conditions) and 
paragraph "Credit Linked Securities" of these Final 
Terms]] 
[(If Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature is 
Applicable) 
[Applicable 
subject 
to 
Part A, 
Chapter 7 of Annex 7 (Payoff Feature Conditions) 
and paragraph "PAYOFF FEATURES (IF ANY) 
RELATING TO INTEREST" of these Final 
Terms]] 
 
 
[(For Bond Linked Securities) [Applicable subject 
to Annex 3 (Bond Linked Conditions) and 
paragraph "Bond Linked Securities" of these Final 
Terms]] 
 
(a) 
Interest Accrual Periods: 
[Applicable to all Interest Accrual Periods][where 
One-off Coupon applies alongside other fixed rate 
interest, include the following: (except in respect 
of the One-off Coupon for which no Interest 
Accrual Period applies)] 
[Applicable to the following Interest Accrual 
Periods: [●]][where One-off Coupon applies 
alongside other fixed rate interest, include the 
following: (except in respect of the One-off 
Coupon for which no Interest Accrual Period 
applies)] 
[(For Securities that have a One-off Coupon but no 
other Fixed Interest) [No Interest Accrual Period 
applies for the purposes of the One-off Coupon]

--- Page 117 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
117 
 
(b) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually][semi-
annually][quarterly] in arrears] 
[(for Securities with a One-off Coupon) [●] 
payable on the Interest Payment Date specified 
below] 
 
 
[Premium: [●] per cent. All references in the 
Conditions to "Rate of Interest" shall be construed 
as references to "Premium"] (for Italian Listed 
Certificates only) 
 
(c) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year from and including [●] up to and 
including the Redemption Date] [(each a 
"Premium Payment Date") and all references in 
the Conditions to "Interest Payment Date" shall be 
construed as references to "Premium Payment 
Date"] (for Italian Listed Certificates only) 
[Securities for which One-off Coupon has been 
specified: [(specify Interest Payment Date, which 
may be by reference to a scheduled Interest 
Payment Date for interest payments in the normal 
course) [●]] 
 
(d) 
Interest Period Dates: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[●] per [Calculation] Amount][As determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with General 
Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Securities)] 
(Applicable to Securities in definitive form in 
accordance with General Condition 4.1 (Interest 
on Fixed Rate Securities)) 
 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in][on][●][Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Applicable to Securities in definitive form) 
 
(g) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(N.B.: Actual/Actual (ICMA) is normally only 
appropriate for Fixed Rate Securities denominated 
in euros) 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360 or 360/360 or Bond Basis]

--- Page 118 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
118 
 
 
[30E/360 or Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Interest Accrual Periods: 
Interest 
Accrual 
Periods 
will 
be 
[adjusted][unadjusted] 
[(For Securities with a One-off Coupon) [Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(i) 
Business Day Convention for the purposes 
of adjustment of "Interest Accrual 
Periods" 
in 
accordance 
with 
sub-
paragraph (h) above: 
[Not 
Applicable][Floating 
Rate 
Convention] 
[Following Business Day Convention] [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention][Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(j) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable][●] 
(Specify only if "Interest Accrual Periods will be 
adjusted" is indicated in sub-paragraph (h) above) 
 
(k) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or redemption date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon) 
 
 
(N.B.: This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest accrual periods which are not of 
equal duration) 
 
 
(N.B.: Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
14. 
Floating Rate Security: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][Applicable for the 
purposes of Standard Floating Interest] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[(For Credit Linked Securities) [Applicable subject 
to Annex 2 (Credit Linked Conditions) and 
paragraph "Credit Linked Securities" of these Final 
Terms]] 
[(If Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature is 
Applicable) 
[Applicable 
subject 
to 
Part A, 
Chapter 7 of Annex 7 (Payoff Feature Conditions) 
and paragraph "PAYOFF FEATURES (IF ANY) 
RELATING TO INTEREST" of these Final 
Terms]] 
 
 
[(For Bond Linked Securities) [Applicable subject 
to Annex 3 (Bond Linked Conditions) and 
paragraph "Bond Linked Securities" of these Final 
Terms]]

--- Page 119 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
119 
 
(a) 
Applicable to: 
[All Interest Accrual Periods] 
[The following Interest Accrual Periods: [●]] 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year up to and including the 
Redemption Date] [●] 
 
(c) 
Interest Period Dates: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
(Often second day on which the TARGET2 System 
is open prior to the start of each Interest Accrual 
Period if EURIBOR)  
 
(e) 
Business Day Convention for the purposes 
of adjustment of "Interest Accrual 
Periods" 
in 
accordance 
with 
sub-
paragraph (n) below: 
[Not 
Applicable][Floating 
Rate 
Convention][Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Modified Following Business Day 
Convention][Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(f) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable][●] 
(Specify only if "Interest Accrual Periods will be 
adjusted" is indicated in sub-paragraph (n) below) 
 
(g) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
Determined in accordance with [Screen Rate 
Determination][ISDA Determination] 
 
(h) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[●](insert relevant designated period)  
[EURIBOR][SHIBOR]][●] 
 
− 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate, in the case of SHIBOR, 
http://www.shibor.org) 
 
− 
Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[●] 
[11.00 a.m.] [(Brussels time) (in the case of 
EURIBOR)] 
 
− 
Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[●] [As specified in Annex 1, Chapter 5] 
(If market is not specified it will be the EURO-zone 
inter-bank market (in the case of EURIBOR)) 
 
− 
Reference Banks: 
[Applicable [●]][Not Specified] 
(Four Reference Banks should be specified, unless 
"Not Specified" is selected, in which case the 
Calculation Agent is obliged to select the relevant 
Reference Banks) 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 120 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
120 
 
(i) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
Applies to: [All Interest Accrual Periods][The 
following Interest Accrual Periods: [●]] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option 
is not an overnight rate) 
 
 
(If specified Designated Maturity applies to some 
Interest 
Accrual 
Periods 
only, 
repeat 
on 
subsequent rows until all relevant Interest Accrual 
Periods are specified) 
 
(iii) 
Reset Date: 
[●][First day of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period][(Standard wording if Floating Rate Option 
is based on EURIBOR)][[●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day [falling in][[immediately 
following][immediately preceding] the first day of] 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option 
is not an overnight rate, otherwise the Reset Date 
is set as the last day of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period) 
 
(iv) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option 
is an overnight rate) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
 
(C) 
Compounding 
with 
Observation Period Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Day: [●]] 
 
 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 121 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
121 
 
(D) 
Compounding 
with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
 
 
[Lockout Period Business Day: [●]] 
 
(v) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option 
is an overnight rate) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Overnight Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Averaging with Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
 
(C) 
Averaging 
with 
Observation Period Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Day: [●]] 
 
 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Averaging with Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
 
 
[Lockout Period Business Day: [●]] 
 
(vi) 
Daily Capped Rate: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option 
is an overnight rate and Compounding or 
Averaging is applicable)

--- Page 122 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
122 
 
(vii) 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option 
is an overnight rate and Compounding or 
Averaging is applicable) 
 
(viii) 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Number of days: [●] 
(If no number is specified, the default value will be 
five (5)) 
 
(j) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][•] per cent. per annum[, applicable 
[generally][for [●] Interest Accrual Periods]]] 
 
(k) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [for [●] Interest Accrual 
Periods] 
 
(l) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [for [●] Interest Accrual 
Periods] 
 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360 or 360/360 or Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 or Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(n) 
Interest Accrual Periods: 
Interest 
Accrual 
Periods 
will 
be 
[adjusted][unadjusted] 
(Specify which, if any, Interest Accrual Periods 
will be subject to Linear Interpolation in 
accordance 
with 
General 
Condition 
4.10 
(Interpolation)) 
 
(o) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or redemption date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon) 
 
 
(N.B.: This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest accrual periods which are not of 
equal duration)

--- Page 123 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
123 
 
 
(N.B.: Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
(p) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable 
in 
accordance 
with 
General 
Condition 4.2(e)] 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable] (Note 
that Increased Cost of Hedging will not be 
applicable to Italian Listed Securities) 
 
(q) 
Universal Leverage: 
[●][● per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(r) 
Other Events: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
15. 
Linked Interest Security: 
[[Applicable] - [Commodity Linked Interest 
Security] [Index Linked Interest Security] [FX 
Linked Interest Security] [Inflation Linked Interest 
Security] [Rate Linked Interest Security] [ETF 
Linked Interest Security] [Share Linked Interest 
Security] [Fund Linked Interest Security] [Future 
Linked Interest Security] [Multi-Asset Basket 
Linked Interest Security]] 
[(See paragraph "PROVISIONS RELATING TO 
THE UNDERLYING(S) IF ANY" for further 
information in relation to the Underlying(s))] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[(For Credit Linked Securities) [Applicable subject 
to Annex 2 (Credit Linked Conditions) and 
paragraph "Credit Linked Securities" of these Final 
Terms]] 
 
 
[(For Bond Linked Securities) [Applicable subject 
to Annex 3 (Bond Linked Conditions) and 
paragraph "Bond Linked Securities" of these Final 
Terms]] 
 
(a) 
Applicable to: 
[All Interest Accrual Periods] 
[The following Interest Accrual Periods: [●]] 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year from and including [●] up to and 
including the Redemption Date][●] 
 
(c) 
Interest Period Dates: 
[●][Not Applicable]

--- Page 124 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
124 
 
(d) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
(Often second day on which the TARGET2 System 
is open prior to the start of each Interest Accrual 
Period if EURIBOR) 
 
(e) 
Business Day Convention for the purposes 
of adjustment of "Interest Accrual 
Periods" in accordance sub-paragraph (h) 
below: 
[Not 
Applicable][Floating 
Rate 
Convention] 
[Following Business Day Convention] [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention][Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(f) 
Additional Business Centres: 
[Not Applicable][●] 
(Specify only if "Interest Accrual Periods will be 
adjusted" is indicated in sub-paragraph (h) below) 
 
(g) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360 or 360/360 or Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 or Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Interest Accrual Periods: 
Interest 
Accrual 
Periods 
will 
be 
[adjusted][unadjusted] 
(Specify which, if any, Interest Accrual Periods 
will be subject to Linear Interpolation in 
accordance 
with 
General 
Condition 
4.10 
(Interpolation)) 
 
(i) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or redemption date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon) 
 
 
(N.B.: This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest accrual periods which are not of 
equal duration) 
 
 
(N.B.: Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))

--- Page 125 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
125 
 
(j) 
Calculation 
Agent 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Linked Interest Rate and 
the Interest Amount: 
[●] 
 
(k) 
Combination 
Interest 
Payoff 
Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If "Applicable", select only the applicable 
Combination Interest Payoff(s)) 
 
(If "Not Applicable", delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
 
 
(i) 
[Combination Addition Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 1][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 1 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
 
(ii) 
[Combination 
Capitalisation 
Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 2][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 2 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
 
(iii) 
[Combination Digital Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 3][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 3 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
 
(iv) 
[Combination Division Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 4][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 4 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
 
(v) 
[Combination 
Multiplication 
Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 5][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 5 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
 
(vi) 
[Combination Ratchet Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 6][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 6 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
 
(vii) 
[Combination Range Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 7][Not Applicable]

--- Page 126 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
126 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 7 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
 
(viii) 
[Combination 
Snowrange 
Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 8][Not Applicable]] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 8 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions] 
 
 
(ix) 
[Combination Subtract Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 9][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 9 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
 
(x) 
[Combination 
Maximum 
Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 10][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 10 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
 
(xi) 
[Combination 
Minimum 
Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 11][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 11 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
 
(xii) 
[Combination 
Payoff-Linked 
Digital Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 12][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 12 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
 
(xiii) 
[Combination Ladder Ratchet 
Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 13][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 13 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
 
(xiv) 
[Combination 
Digital 
Performance Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 14][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 14 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
 
(l) 
Standard Interest Payoff Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if "Applicable", select only the applicable 
Standard Interest Payoff(s))

--- Page 127 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
127 
(If "Not Applicable", delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
 
 
(i) 
[Standard Fixed Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 1][Not Applicable] 
[(as completed in paragraph "Fixed Rate Security" 
of these Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Standard Interest Payoff) 
(If applicable fill in variables under paragraph 
"Fixed Rate Security" of these Final Terms)] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 1 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(ii) 
[Standard Floating Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 2][Not Applicable] 
[(as completed in paragraph "Floating Rate 
Security" of these Final Terms for the purposes of 
this Standard Interest Payoff) 
(If applicable fill in variables under paragraph 
"Floating Rate Security" of these Final Terms)] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 2 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(iii) 
[Standard Floater Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 3][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 3 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(iv) 
[Standard 
Inverse 
Floater 
Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 4][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 4 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(v) 
[Standard Participation Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 5][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 5 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(vi) 
[Standard 
Range 
Accrual 
Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 6][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 6 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]]

--- Page 128 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
128 
 
(vii) 
[Standard Power Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 7][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 7 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(viii) 
[Standard 
Digital 
to 
Participation Interest: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable in accordance with 
Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 8] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 8 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(ix) 
[Standard Fixed Range Accrual 
Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 9][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 9 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(x) 
[Standard ABF Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 10][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 10 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(xi) 
[Standard Fixed Range Accrual 
Performance Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 11][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 11 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(xii) 
[Standard Digital/Performance 
Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 12][Not 
Applicable][Applicable: 
All 
Interest Periods][Applicable: Specified Dates] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 12 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(xiii) 
[Standard Performance Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 13][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 13 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(xiv) 
[Standard 
Steepener 
With 
Reserve Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 14][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 14 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(xv) 
[Standard 
Memory 
Digital/Performance Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 15][Not Applicable]

--- Page 129 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
129 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 15 and, 
where relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(m) 
Universal Leverage: 
[●][● per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(n) 
Universal Margin: 
[●][● per cent.][Universal Floating Rate][Not 
Applicable] 
(If Universal Floating Rate is not selected, delete 
the remaining provisions of this section) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
[ISDA 
Determination][Screen Rate Determination] 
 
 
(If Screen Rate Determination is not selected, 
delete the following five paragraphs of this section) 
 
(A) 
Reference Rate: 
[●](insert 
relevant 
designated 
period)  
[EURIBOR][SHIBOR]][●] 
 
(B) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate, in the case of SHIBOR, 
http://www.shibor.org) 
 
(C) 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page 
Time: 
[●]  
[11.00 a.m.] [(Brussels time) (in the case of 
EURIBOR)] 
 
(D) 
Relevant 
Inter-Bank 
Market: 
[●] [As specified in Annex 1, Chapter 5] 
(If market is not specified it will be EURO-zone 
inter-bank market in the case of EURIBOR) 
 
(E) 
Reference Banks: 
[Applicable [●]][Not Specified] 
(Four Reference Banks should be specified, unless 
"Not Specified" is selected, in which case the 
Calculation Agent is obliged to select the relevant 
Reference Banks) 
 
 
(If ISDA Determination is not selected, delete the 
following remaining paragraphs of this section) 
 
(F) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
(G) 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option 
is not an overnight rate) 
 
(H) 
Reset Date: 
[●] [First day of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period (Standard wording if Floating Rate Option 
is based on EURIBOR)][[●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day [falling in] [[immediately 
following] [immediately preceding] the first day 
of] the relevant Interest Accrual Period]

--- Page 130 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
130 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option 
is not an overnight rate, otherwise the Reset Date 
is set as the last day of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period) 
 
(I) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option 
is an overnight rate) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(I) 
OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(II) 
Compounding with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
 
(III) 
Compounding with 
Observation Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Day: [●]] 
 
 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(IV) 
Compounding with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
 
 
[Lockout Period Business Day: [●]] 
 
(J) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option 
is an overnight rate) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 131 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
131 
 
(I) 
Overnight 
Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(II) 
Averaging 
with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
 
(III) 
Averaging 
with 
Observation Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Day: [●]] 
 
 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(IV) 
Averaging 
with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
 
 
[Lockout Period Business Day: [●]] 
 
(V) 
Daily Capped Rate: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option 
is an overnight rate and Compounding or 
Averaging is applicable) 
 
(VI) 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option 
is an overnight rate and Compounding or 
Averaging is applicable) 
 
(VII) 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Number of days: [●] 
(If no number is specified, the default value will be 
five (5)) 
 
(ii) 
Universal Offset: 
[[●] per cent.][Not Applicable]

--- Page 132 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
132 
16. 
 
Zero Coupon Security: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●][[●] per cent per annum] calculated on Issue 
Date, provided that the Securities will remain 
outstanding until the Redemption Date. 
(Specify each separate Accrual Yield where 
different Accrual Yields apply to different periods 
between the Issue Date and the Redemption Date) 
 
(b) 
Day Count Fraction for purposes of 
accrual yield: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360 or 360/360 or Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 or Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
(N.B.: Actual/Actual (ICMA) is normally only 
appropriate for Fixed Rate Securities denominated 
in euros) 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Determination Date(s): 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(N.B.: Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
PAYOFF FEATURES (IF ANY) RELATING TO INTEREST 
17. 
 
Payoff Features: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If "Applicable", select only the applicable Payoff 
Feature(s)) 
(If "Not Applicable", delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
[Applicable as per Investor Interest Switch Payoff 
Feature (Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 1)] 
[Applicable as per Issuer Interest Switch Payoff 
Feature (Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 2)] 
[Applicable as per Knock-out Interest Switch 
Payoff Feature (Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 3)]

--- Page 133 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
133 
[Applicable as per Target Interest Switch Payoff 
Feature (Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 4)] 
[Applicable as per Memory Interest Payoff Feature 
(Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 5)] 
[Applicable as per Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff 
Feature (Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 6)] 
[Applicable as per Reset Option Interest Payoff 
Feature (Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 7)] 
[Applicable as per Single Interest Payment Date 
Payoff Feature (Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 8)] 
[Applicable as per Knock-out Performance Interest 
Switch Payoff Feature (Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 
9)] 
[Applicable as per Shout Option Performance Lock-
in Interest Payoff Feature (Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 
10)] 
[Applicable as per Global Cap Interest Payoff 
Feature (Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 11)] 
[Applicable as per Global Floor Interest Payoff 
Feature (Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 12)] 
[Applicable as per Reserve Interest Payoff Feature 
(Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 13)] 
[Applicable as per Currency Performance Payoff 
Feature (Annex 7, Part D, Chapter 1)] 
[Applicable as per Bond Switch Option Payoff 
Feature (Annex 7, Part E, Chapter 1)] 
[Applicable as per Additive Payoff Feature (Annex 
7, Part C, Chapter 1)] 
[(See also paragraph "PAYOFF FEATURES (IF 
ANY) RELATING TO REDEMPTION" for Payoff 
Features (if any) relating to Redemption)] 
 
(If Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Applicable to: 
[All Interest Accrual Periods] 
[The following Interest Accrual Periods: [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Investor Interest Switch 
Expiry Date(s): 
[10][●] Business Days prior to [each][●] Interest 
Determination Dates 
 
(iii) 
Linked Interest1: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Interest Payoff or 
Combination Interest Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Standard Interest 
Payoff Provisions"]["Combination Interest Payoff 
Provisions"] of these Final Terms for the purposes 
of this Payoff Feature)

--- Page 134 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
134 
 
(iv) 
Linked Interest2: 
[(Insert the Relevant Standard Interest Payoff or 
Combination Interest Payoff)][As notified in the 
Investor Interest Switch Notice)] 
(as completed in paragraph ["Standard Interest 
Payoff Provisions"]["Combination Interest Payoff 
Provisions"] of these Final Terms for the purposes 
of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(v) 
Frequency for exercise of 
the 
Investor 
Interest 
Switch Option: 
[(specify)] 
 
(vi) 
Time to send Investor 
Interest Switch Notice: 
No later than [thirty (30) minutes][●] following 
receipt of an Investor Interest Switch Notification 
 
(If Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
 
(i) 
Applicable to: 
[All Interest Accrual Periods] 
[The following Interest Accrual Periods: [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Issuer Interest Switch 
Expiry Date(s): 
[10][●] Business Days prior to [each][●] Interest 
Determination Dates 
 
(iii) 
Linked Interest1: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Interest Payoff or 
Combination Interest Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Standard Interest 
Payoff Provisions"]["Combination Interest Payoff 
Provisions"] of these Final Terms for the purposes 
of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(iv) 
Linked Interest2: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Interest Payoff or 
Combination Interest Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Standard Interest 
Payoff Provisions"]["Combination Interest Payoff 
Provisions"] of these Final Terms for the purposes 
of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(If Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Applicable to: 
[All Interest Accrual Periods] 
[The following Interest Accrual Periods: [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Knock-out Barrier: 
[●] (Specify a percentage of the Initial Underlying 
Value(i)) 
 
(iii) 
Knock-out 
Interest 
Switch Date: 
[●][As defined in Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 3] 
 
(iv) 
Knock-out 
Interest 
Switch Event: 
Underlying Value [higher than the Knock-out 
Barrier] [higher than or equal to the Knock-out 
Barrier] [lower than the Knock-out Barrier] [lower 
than or equal to the Knock-out Barrier] [within 
Range] [outside Range], [on [the] [the current] 
[each] [at least one previous] [each previous] 
Knock-out Interest Switch Observation Date] [[at 
least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading 
Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not

--- Page 135 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
135 
Disrupted Days] during the Knock-out Interest 
Switch Observation Period] 
 
(v) 
Knock-out 
Interest 
Switch 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention applicable 
to the Knock-out Interest Switch Observation 
Date(s)) 
 
(vi) 
Knock-out 
Interest 
Switch 
Observation 
Period: 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Linked Interest1: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Interest Payoff or 
Combination Interest Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Standard Interest 
Payoff Provisions"]["Combination Interest Payoff 
Provisions"] of these Final Terms for the purposes 
of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(viii) 
Linked Interest2: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Interest Payoff or 
Combination Interest Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Standard Interest 
Payoff Provisions"]["Combination Interest Payoff 
Provisions"] of these Final Terms for the purposes 
of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(ix) 
Range: 
[●] (Specify Range relating to the Payoff) 
 
(x) 
Underlying: 
[●] 
(with further information set out in paragraph [●] 
(Insert reference to correct Asset Condition line 
item) of these Final Terms) (The relevant 
Commodity, Index, Inflation Index, FX Rate, 
Benchmark Rate, ETF, Share, Fund Interest or 
Future) 
 
 
(If Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Applicable to: 
[All Interest Accrual Periods] 
[The following Interest Accrual Periods: [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Target Interest Switch 
Date: 
[●][As defined in Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 4] 
 
(iii) 
Aggregate 
Interest 
Amount Cap: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Linked Interest1: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Interest Payoff or 
Combination Interest Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Standard Interest 
Payoff Provisions"]["Combination Interest Payoff 
Provisions"] of these Final Terms for the purposes 
of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(v) 
Linked Interest2: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Interest Payoff or 
Combination Interest Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Standard Interest 
Payoff Provisions"]["Combination Interest Payoff

--- Page 136 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
136 
Provisions"] of these Final Terms for the purposes 
of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(If Memory Interest Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Applicable to: 
[All Interest Accrual Periods] 
[The following Interest Accrual Periods: [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Linked Interest: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Interest Payoff or 
Combination Interest Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Standard Interest 
Payoff Provisions"]["Combination Interest Payoff 
Provisions"] of these Final Terms for the purposes 
of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(iii) 
n: 
[●] 
 
(If Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Applicable to: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[All Interest Accrual Periods] 
[The following Interest Accrual Periods: [●]] 
 
Interest 
Currency 
Dual Currency 
(Interest) 
Exchange Rate 
Dual Currency 
Method 
FX 
Price 
Source: 
Specified 
Rate: 
BRL 
Valuation 
Date: 
BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days: 
BRL/USD 
Business Days: 
BRL/EUR 
Business Days: 
BRL 
Latest 
Postponement 
Date: 
[●] 
[●] 
[Calculation 
Agent FX Rate 
Determination
] 
[BRL/JPY 
Rate] 
[BRL/USD 
Rate] 
[BRL/EUR 
Rate] 
[multiplication] 
[division] 
[Applicable[●]] 
[Not Applicable 
as 
Calculation 
Agent FX Rate 
Determination 
applies][Not 
Applicable 
as 
[BRL/JPY Rate] 
[BRL/USD 
Rate] 
[BRL/EUR 
Rate] applies] 
[Offer Price] 
[Bid 
Price] 
[Mid 
Price] 
[As per FX 
Linked Asset 
Condition 2] 
[Not 
applicable as 
Calculation 
Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination 
applies] 
(For 
the 
above, 
"Mid 
Price" 
will 
apply if "As 
per FX Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2" 
is selected) 
[[●] 
BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[● 
(specify 
other 
payment 
date)][[●] 
BRL/USD 
Business 
Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[● 
(specify 
other 
payment 
date)] 
[[●] 
BRL/EUR 
Business 
Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[●] 
(specify 
other 
payment 
date)]] [Not 
Specified] 
[[●] 
is 
an 
additional 
financial 
centre for the 
purposes of 
the definition 
of "BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days"] [Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] 
is 
an 
additional 
financial centre 
for 
the 
purposes of the 
definition 
of 
"BRL/USD 
Business 
Days"] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] 
is 
an 
additional 
financial centre 
for 
the 
purposes of the 
definition 
of 
"BRL/EUR 
Business 
Days"] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] 
FX 
Business Days] 
[As 
per 
FX 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 6] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially
) 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
Valuation 
Time: 
Market 
Disruption 
Events: 
Unscheduled 
Holiday 
Deferral: 
Benchmark 
Obligation(s)
: 
Minimum 
Amount: 
Illiquidity 
Valuation 
Date: 
 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
Primary 
Rate: 
Secondary 
Rate:

--- Page 137 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
137 
[Closing] [●] 
[Intraday] 
[Not Applicable] 
[All Market Disruption 
Events listed in Annex 
1, 
Chapter 
3 
are 
applicable.] 
(If only one or some of 
the Market Disruption 
Events listed in Annex 
1, 
Chapter 
3 
are 
applicable, delete the 
above paragraphs and 
specify below which 
Market 
Disruption 
Events apply)  
[The following Market 
Disruption 
Event[s] 
[is] [are] applicable: 
(specify which Market 
Disruption 
Event(s) 
appl(ies)(y)) 
[Benchmark 
Obligation 
Default][Dual 
Exchange 
Rate][General 
Inconvertibility][Gener
al 
Non-
Transferability][Gover
nmental 
Authority 
Default][Illiquidity][M
aterial 
Change 
in 
Circumstances][Nation
alisation][Price 
Materiality][Price 
Source 
Disruption][Specific 
Inconvertibility][Speci
fic 
Non-
Transferability]] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
[●][Not 
specified] 
[●][Not 
specified] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●][As per 
FX Linked 
Asset 
Condition 
2] 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows 
as required) 
 
Event 
Currency: 
Additional Disruption 
Event: 
Successor 
Currency: 
Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
Payment 
Extension 
Days: 
JPY Price Source 
Disruption: 
JPY 
Relevant 
Page: 
JPY 
Fallback 
Page1: 
JPY 
Fallback 
Page2: 
[●][Not 
specified] 
[Applicable 
in 
accordance with FX 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 
4.1][Not 
Applicable] 
[Change in Law is not 
applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption 
is not applicable] 
[Increased Cost of 
Hedging 
is 
not 
applicable] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] FX Business 
Days] 
[[●] 
Payment 
Business Days] 
[Applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
 
 
(If Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Applicable to: 
[All Interest Accrual Periods] 
[The following Interest Accrual Periods: [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Applicable 
Determination 
of 
the 
Linked Interest Rate: 
["Current 
Reset 
Switch"/"Following 
Reset 
Switch"/"Other Reset Switch"/"Current Single 
Reset 
Switch"/"Following 
Single 
Reset 
Switch"/"Current 
Limited 
Single 
Reset 
Switch"/"Following 
Limited 
Single 
Reset 
Switch"/"Limited Reset Switch": Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Reset Switch Frequency: 
[●] Business Days

--- Page 138 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
138 
 
(iv) 
Reset 
Switch 
Expiry 
Time: 
[●] [am] [pm] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Reset 
Switch 
Notice 
Time: 
[●] [am] [pm] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Reset 
Switch 
Notice 
Date(s): 
The date that is [10/[●]] Business Days prior to 
(specify which Interest Determination Dates) 
 
(vii) 
Reset Switch Number: 
[●] 
 
(If Single Interest Payment Date Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Single Interest Payment 
Date: 
[●] 
 
(If Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following 
sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Knock-out Barrier: 
[●]  
 
(ii) 
Knock-out Performance 
Interest Switch Date: 
[●][As defined in Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 9] 
 
(iii) 
Knock-out Performance 
Interest Switch Event: 
Performance_KOI is [higher than the Knock-out 
Barrier] [higher than or equal to the Knock-out 
Barrier] [lower than the Knock-out Barrier] [lower 
than or equal to the Knock-out Barrier] [within 
Range] [outside Range]  either (A) on [the] [the 
current] [each] [at least one previous] [each 
previous] Knock-out Performance Interest Switch 
Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at 
least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on 
all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled 
Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during 
the 
Knock-out 
Performance 
Interest 
Switch 
Observation Period. 
 
(iv) 
Performance_KOI : 
[Absolute 
Value 
Performance][Basket 
Outperformance][Best of Performance][Decrement 
Performance 
(If 
applicable, 
(i) 
specify 
the 
Decrement, (ii) with respect to the Total Return 
Performance (d-1,d), specify if “Option 1: Index”, 
“Option 2: Shares” or “Option 3: Basket of Shares” 
is applicable, and if “Option 3: Basket of Shares” is 
applicable, 
specify 
if 
“Option 
1: 
Share 
Reinvestment” or "Option 2: Basket Reinvestment" 
is applicable and the Basket Currency][Difference 
Performance][Capped Floored Weighted Average 
Performance][Product 
Performance][Quotient 
Performance][Rainbow 
Performance][Sum 
Performance][Weighted 
Average 
Performance][Weighted Average Value] [Worst of 
Performance][Xth Worst Performance with X being 
number [●]] 
 
(v) 
Performance(i): 
Option [1][2][3][4][5][6][7] applies.

--- Page 139 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
139 
 
(vi) 
Knock-out Performance 
Interest 
Switch 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention applicable 
to the Knock-out Performance Interest Switch 
Observation Date(s)) 
[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable if Specified Dates is Applicable) 
 
(vii) 
Knock-out Performance 
Interest 
Switch 
Observation Period: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(Applicable if American is Applicable) 
 
(viii) 
Linked Interest1: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Interest Payoff or 
Combination Interest Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Standard Interest 
Payoff Provisions"]["Combination Interest Payoff 
Provisions"] of these Final Terms for the purposes 
of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(ix) 
Linked Interest2: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Interest Payoff or 
Combination Interest Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Standard Interest 
Payoff Provisions"]["Combination Interest Payoff 
Provisions"] of these Final Terms for the purposes 
of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(x) 
Range: 
[Not Applicable] 
[●] (Specify Range relating to the Payoff) 
 
 
 
(If Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Notice Deadline: 
[●] [am][pm] 
 
(ii) 
Shout Option Number: 
[2][●] 
 
(iii) 
Shout 
Option 
Performance 
Lock-in 
Notice Date: 
[●]  
 
(iv) 
Shout 
Option 
Performance 
Lock-in 
Notice Time: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Shout 
Option 
Performance 
Lock-in 
Expiry Date(s): 
[10][●] Business Days prior to [each][●] [Interest 
Determination Date(s)] [Interest Period Date(s)]. 
 
(vi) 
Time to send Shout 
Option Exercise Notice): 
No later than [thirty (30) minutes][●] following 
receipt of an Underlying Value Notification 
 
 
(If Global Cap Interest Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Global Cap Amount: 
[●] (Specify an amount in the Specified Currency per 
Calculation Amount)

--- Page 140 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
140 
 
(If Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Global Floor Amount: 
[●] (Specify an amount in the Specified Currency per 
Calculation Amount) 
 
(ii) 
Specified IPD: 
[●][As per Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature 
Condition 12.2] 
 
 
(If Reserve Interest Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Cap: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Floor: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Reserve0: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Initial Reserve Accrual 
Period: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Final Reserve Accrual 
Period: 
[●] 
 
 
(If Currency Performance Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Applicable to 
[All Interest Accrual Periods] 
[The following Interest Accrual Periods: [●]] 
 
(ii) 
FX Rate: 
[●][Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination] 
[BRL/JPY Rate] [BRL/USD Rate] [BRL/EUR Rate] 
 
− 
FX Price Source: 
[Applicable[●]][Not Applicable as Calculation Agent 
FX Rate Determination applies][Not Applicable as 
[BRL/JPY Rate][BRL/USD Rate] [BRL/EUR Rate] 
applies] 
 
− 
Specified Rate: 
[Offer Price][Bid Price][Mid Price] [As per FX 
Linked Asset Condition 2] [Not applicable as 
Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination applies] 
(For the above, "Mid Price" will apply if "As per FX 
Linked Asset Condition 2" is selected) 
 
− 
BRL 
Valuation 
Date: 
(Delete if FX Rate is 
not BRL/JPY Rate, 
BRL/USD Rate or 
BRL/EUR Rate) 
[[●] BRL/JPY Business Days prior to the [Interest 
Payment Date] [● specify other payment date)][[●] 
BRL/USD Business Days prior to the [Interest 
Payment Date] [● specify other payment date)] [[●] 
BRL/USD Business Days prior to the [Interest 
Payment Date] [● specify other payment date)]][Not 
Specified] 
 
− 
BRL/JPY Business 
Days: 
(Delete if FX Rate is 
not BRL/JPY Rate) 
[[●] is an additional financial centre for the purposes 
of the definition of "BRL/JPY Business Days"][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 141 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
141 
 
− 
BRL/USD Business 
Days: 
(Delete if FX Rate is 
not BRL/USD Rate) 
[[●] is an additional financial centre for the purposes 
of the definition of "BRL/USD Business Days"][Not 
Applicable] 
 
− 
BRL/EUR Business 
Days: 
(Delete if FX Rate is 
not BRL/EUR Rate) 
[[●] is an additional financial centre for the purposes 
of the definition of "BRL/EUR Business Days"][Not 
Applicable] 
 
− 
BRL 
Latest 
Postponement Date: 
(Delete if FX Rate is 
not BRL/JPY Rate, 
BRL/USD Rate or 
BRL/EUR Rate) 
[[●] FX Business Days] [As per FX Linked Asset 
Condition 6] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Currency: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Base Currency: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Valuation Time: 
[Closing][●][Intraday] 
(Specify as per Asset Conditions) 
 
(vi) 
Market 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Not Applicable] 
[All Market Disruption Events listed in Annex 1, 
Chapter 3 are applicable.] 
(If only one or some of the Market Disruption Events 
listed in Annex 1, Chapter 3 are applicable, delete the 
above paragraphs and specify below which Market 
Disruption Events apply) 
[The following Market Disruption Event[s] [is] [are] 
applicable: (specify which Market Disruption Event(s) 
appl(ies)(y)) [Benchmark Obligation Default][Dual 
Exchange Rate][General Inconvertibility][General 
Non-Transferability][Governmental 
Authority 
Default][Illiquidity][Material 
Change 
in 
Circumstances][Nationalisation][Price 
Materiality][Price 
Source 
Disruption][Specific 
Inconvertibility][Specific Non-Transferability]] 
 
(vii) 
Unscheduled 
Holiday 
Deferral: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(A) 
Benchmark 
Obligation Default: 
(Delete this row and remaining subparagraph below 
if Benchmark Obligation Default is not applicable) 
 
− 
Benchmark 
Obligation(s): 
[●] (Insert relevant Benchmark Obligation)] 
 
(B) 
Illiquidity: 
(Delete this row and remaining subparagraphs below 
if Illiquidity is not applicable)

--- Page 142 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
142 
 
− 
Minimum Amount: 
[●][Not specified] 
(The Calculation Agent will determine the Minimum 
Amount on the Illiquidity Valuation Date if it is not 
specified) 
 
− 
Illiquidity Valuation 
Date: 
[●][Not specified] 
(If the Illiquidity Valuation Date is not specified, the 
Illiquidity Valuation Date will be the relevant 
Observation Date) 
 
(C) 
Price Materiality: 
(Delete this row and remaining subparagraphs below 
if Price Materiality is not applicable) 
 
− 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
[●] 
 
− 
Primary Rate: 
[●] 
 
− 
Secondary Rate: 
[●][As per FX Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
(D) 
Event Currency: 
[●] (Insert relevant Event Currency)][Not specified] 
(If an Event Currency is not specified, the Event 
Currency will be the Reference Currency) 
(Event Currency is an election for the Market 
Disruption Events of General Inconvertibility, 
General Non-Transferability, Material Change in 
Circumstances, 
Nationalisation, 
Specific 
Inconvertibility and Specific Non-Transferability. If 
all of these Market Disruption Events are specified as 
not applicable above, delete row) 
 
(viii) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with FX Linked Asset 
Condition 4.1][Not Applicable] 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable] (Note 
that Increased Cost of Hedging will not be applicable 
to Italian Listed Securities) 
 
(ix) 
Successor Currency: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[Five (5) FX Business Days][Fourteen (14) FX 
Business Days][Thirty (30) FX Business Days][[●] 
FX Business Days] 
(If nothing is specified the default is five (5) FX 
Business Days) 
 
(xi) 
Payment Extension Days: 
[[●] Payment Business Days] 
(If nothing is specified the default is two (2) Payment 
Business Days) 
 
(xii) 
JPY 
Price 
Source 
Disruption: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 143 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
143 
 
− 
JPY Relevant Page: 
[●] 
 
− 
JPY Fallback Page1: 
[●] 
 
− 
JPY Fallback Page2: 
[●] 
 
(If Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Bond 
Switch 
Option 
Expiry Date(s): 
[10][●] Business Days prior to [each][●] Interest 
Determination Dates 
 
(ii) 
Bond 
Switch 
Option 
Number: 
[2][●] 
 
(iii) 
Notice Deadline: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Frequency for exercise of 
the 
Investor 
Interest 
Switch Option: 
[(specify)] 
 
(If Additive Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Payoff Feature: 
As completed in paragraph ["PAYOFF FEATURES 
(IF ANY) RELATING TO REDEMPTION"][ 
"PAYOFF FEATURES (IF ANY) RELATING TO 
INTEREST"] of these Final Terms for the purposes of 
this Payoff Feature 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
 
(Repeat rows (using the same variables only) as 
necessary where a line item is used multiple times) 
(where Physical Settlement of Secured Securities is 
applicable, "Not applicable – Physical Settlement of 
Secured Securities applies" should be specified as 
necessary in the following paragraphs) 
18. 
 
Redemption Determination Date(s): 
[For the purposes of determining the Final 
Redemption Amount [•]] 
[For the purposes of determining an Instalment 
Redemption Amount as set out in the table below:  
[(If Instalment Security insert table setting out 
Redemption Determination Date corresponding to 
each Instalment Date)]] 
[For the purposes of determining an Early 
Redemption Amount, the date falling [•] Business 
Days prior to the Early Redemption Date] 
(If Instalment Security insert table setting out 
Redemption Determination Date corresponding to 
each Instalment Date)

--- Page 144 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
144 
19. 
 
Redemption Method: 
 
 
(a) 
Early Redemption Amount for the 
purposes of General Condition 6.2 
(Early 
Redemption 
Trigger 
Events) determined in accordance 
with: 
[Standard 
Redemption] 
[Growth 
Redemption] 
[Performance Redemption] 
[(If Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature is 
Applicable) [Subject to Part B, Chapter 3 of Annex 7 
(Payoff Feature Conditions) and paragraph "Dual 
Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature" of these Final 
Terms]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Redemption Payoff: 
[Determined in accordance with [●] (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption or Combination Redemption 
Payoff) [Subject to [●] (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)] (as completed in paragraph ["Combination 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"] 
["Standard 
Redemption Payoff Provisions"] [and] ["PAYOFF 
FEATURES 
(IF 
ANY) 
RELATING 
TO 
REDEMPTION"] of these Final Terms)] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Redemption 
Unwind 
Costs: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Price: 
[[●] 
(Specify each separate percentage where different 
Reference Prices apply to different dates)] 
 
 
[A price calculated pursuant to sub-paragraph (c) of 
the definition of "Reference Price" in Annex 9 
(Redemption Method Conditions), where: 
C = [●]; 
n = [●]; and 
N = [●].]

--- Page 145 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
145 
 
(iv) 
Early 
Redemption 
Trigger Event(s): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If "Applicable", select only the applicable Early 
Redemption Trigger Event(s)) 
(If 
"Not 
Applicable", 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
[Applicable as per Issuer Call Early Redemption 
Trigger (Annex 8, Chapter 1)] 
[Applicable as per Investor Put Early Redemption 
Trigger (Annex 8, Chapter 2)]  
[Applicable as per Knock-out Early Redemption 
Trigger (Annex 8, Chapter 3)] 
[Applicable as per Callable Knock-out Early 
Redemption Trigger (Annex 8, Chapter 4) 
[Applicable as per Puttable Knock-out Early 
Redemption Trigger (Annex 8, Chapter 5) 
[Applicable as per Target Early Redemption Trigger 
(Annex 8, Chapter 6)] 
[Applicable as per Automatic Early Redemption 
Trigger (Annex 8, Chapter 7)] 
[If any Securityholder fails to pay any part payment 
due on any partly paid Security within the time 
specified, the Issuer shall have a right to redeem such 
Securities  (7.3 of General Conditions)]  
 
(b) 
(If Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger is not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
 
− 
Maximum 
Call 
Nominal 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
− 
Early Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
− 
Maximum 
Call 
Notice 
Period: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Minimum 
Call 
Nominal 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
− 
Minimum Call Notice Period: 
[•] 
 
(c) 
(If Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger is not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
 
− 
Early Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
− 
Maximum Put Notice Period: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Minimum Put Notice Period: 
[•] (The notice period must be no shorter than 5 
Business Days, as required by the ICSDs) 
 
(d) 
(If Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger is not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)

--- Page 146 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
146 
 
− 
ERB 
("Early 
Redemption 
Barrier"): 
[•] 
 
− 
Early Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
− 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation Date: 
[•] (Specify any business day convention applicable to 
the Knock-out Observation Date) 
 
− 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation Period: 
[•] 
 
− 
Knock-out Trigger: 
Underlying Value is [higher than ERB] [higher than 
or equal to ERB] [lower than ERB] [lower than or 
equal to ERB] [within Range] [outside Range], [on 
[the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each 
previous] Early Redemption Observation Date] [[at 
least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading 
Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Early Redemption 
Observation Period] 
 
− 
Range: 
[•] (Specify Range relating to the Payoff) 
 
− 
Underlying: 
[●] 
(with further information set out in paragraph [●] 
(Insert reference to correct Asset Condition line item) 
of these Final Terms) (The relevant Commodity, 
Index, Inflation Index, FX Rate, Benchmark Rate, 
ETF, Share, Fund Interest or Future) 
 
(e) 
(If Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger is not applicable, delete the following 
sub-paragraphs) 
 
− 
Early Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
− 
Callable 
Knock-out 
Observation Date(s): 
[•] (Specify any business day convention applicable to 
the Callable Knock-out Observation Date(s)) 
 
− 
Lower Limit: 
[•] 
 
− 
Maximum Callable Knock-
out Notice Period: 
[•] 
 
− 
Maximum Knock-out Call 
Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
− 
Minimum Callable Knock-
out Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
− 
Minimum Callable Knock-
out Notice Period: 
[•] 
 
− 
Range: 
On the relevant Callable Knock-out Observation Date, 
the Underlying Valuer is greater than[ or equal to] the 
Lower Limit and less than[ or equal to] the Upper 
Limit.

--- Page 147 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
147 
 
− 
Underlyingr: 
[●] 
(with further information set out in paragraph [●] 
(Insert reference to correct Asset Condition line item) 
of these Final Terms) (The relevant Commodity, 
Index, Inflation Index, FX Rate, Benchmark Rate, 
ETF, Share, Fund Interest or Future) 
 
− 
Upper Limit: 
[•] 
 
(f) 
(If Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger is not applicable, delete the following 
sub-paragraphs) 
 
− 
Early Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
− 
Lower Limit: 
[•] 
 
− 
Maximum Puttable Knock-
out Notice Period: 
[•] 
 
− 
Minimum Puttable Knock-out 
Notice Period: 
[•] 
 
− 
Puttable 
Knock-out 
Observation Date: 
[•] (Specify any business day convention applicable to 
the Puttable Knock-out Observation Date) 
 
− 
Range: 
[●] (Specify Range relating to the Payoff) 
 
− 
Underlyingr: 
[●] 
(with further information set out in paragraph [●] 
(Insert reference to correct Asset Condition line item) 
of these Final Terms) (The relevant Commodity, 
Index, Inflation Index, FX Rate, Benchmark Rate, 
ETF, Share, Fund Interest or Future) 
 
− 
Upper Limit: 
[●] 
 
(g) 
(If Target Early Redemption Trigger is not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
 
− 
Target Level: 
[●] 
per 
[Calculation 
Amount] 
[Specified 
Denomination] 
 
− 
Early Redemption Date: 
[●] 
 
− 
Target 
Redemption 
Observation Date: 
[●] (Specify any business day convention applicable 
to the Target Redemption Observation Date) 
 
(h) 
(If Automatic Early Redemption Trigger is not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
 
− 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
Performance_ER is [higher than ERB] [higher than or 
equal to ERB] [lower than ERB] [lower than or equal 
to ERB] [within Range] [outside Range], [on [the] 
[the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each 
previous] Early Redemption Observation Date] [[at 
least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading 
Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Early Redemption 
Observation Period]

--- Page 148 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
148 
 
− 
ERB 
("Early 
Redemption 
Barrier"): 
[•] 
 
− 
Early Redemption Date: 
[•] 
 
− 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation Date(s): 
[•] (Specify any business day convention applicable to 
the Early Redemption Observation Date) 
 
− 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation Period: 
[•] 
 
− 
Range: 
[●] (Specify Range relating to the Payoff) 
 
− 
Performance_ER : 
[Absolute 
Value 
Performance][Basket 
Outperformance][Best of Performance][Decrement 
Performance (If applicable, (i) specify the Decrement, 
(ii) with respect to the Total Return Performance (d-
1,d), specify if “Option 1: Index”, “Option 2: Shares” 
or “Option 3: Basket of Shares” is applicable, and if 
“Option 3: Basket of Shares” is applicable, specify if 
“Option 1: Share Reinvestment” or "Option 2: Basket 
Reinvestment" 
is 
applicable 
and 
the 
Basket 
Currency][Difference Performance][Capped Floored 
Weighted 
Average 
Performance][Product 
Performance][Quotient 
Performance][Rainbow 
Performance][Sum Performance][Weighted Average 
Performance][Weighted Average Value] [Worst of 
Performance][Xth Worst Performance with X being 
number [●]] 
 
− 
Performance(i): 
Option [1][2][3][4][5][6][7] applies.  
 
(i) 
Final Redemption Amount for the 
purposes of General Condition 6.1 
(Redemption by Instalments and 
Final Redemption) determined in 
accordance with: 
[Standard Redemption] [Performance Redemption] 
[Growth Redemption] 
[(If Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature is 
Applicable) [Subject to Part B, Chapter 3 of Annex 7 
(Payoff Feature Conditions) and paragraph "Dual 
Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature" of these Final 
Terms]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Specify "Not Applicable" for Preference Share 
Linked Securities) 
 
(i) 
Redemption Payoff: 
[Determined in accordance with [●] (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption or Combination Redemption 
Payoff) [Subject to [●] (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)] (as completed in paragraph ["Combination 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"]["Standard 
Redemption Payoff Provisions"] [and] ["PAYOFF 
FEATURES 
(IF 
ANY) 
RELATING 
TO 
REDEMPTION"] 
of 
these 
Final 
Terms)][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 149 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
149 
 
(A) 
Combination 
Redemption Payoff 
Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]  
(If 
"Applicable", 
select 
only 
the 
applicable 
Combination Redemption Payoff(s)) 
(If 
"Not 
Applicable", 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
I. 
[Combination 
Addition 
Redemption: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part B, 
Chapter 1][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions 
from Annex 6, Part B, Chapter 1 and, where relevant, 
the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
II. 
[Combination 
Capitalisation 
Redemption: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part B, 
Chapter 2][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions 
from Annex 6, Part B, Chapter 2 and, where relevant, 
the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
III. 
[Combination 
Digital 
Redemption: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part B, 
Chapter 3][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions 
from Annex 6, Part B, Chapter 3 and, where relevant, 
the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
IV. 
[Combination 
Division 
Redemption: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part B, 
Chapter 4][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions 
from Annex 6, Part B, Chapter 4 and, where relevant, 
the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
V. 
[Combination 
Multiplication 
Redemption: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part B, 
Chapter 5][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions 
from Annex 6, Part B, Chapter 5 and, where relevant, 
the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
VI. 
[Combination 
Ratchet 
Redemption: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part B, 
Chapter 6][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions 
from Annex 6, Part B, Chapter 6 and, where relevant, 
the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
VII. 
[Combination 
Range 
Redemption: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part B, 
Chapter 7][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions 
from Annex 6, Part B, Chapter 7 and, where relevant, 
the Definitions Conditions]]

--- Page 150 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
150 
 
VIII. 
[Combination 
Subtract 
Redemption: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part B, 
Chapter 8][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions 
from Annex 6, Part B, Chapter 8 and, where relevant, 
the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
IX. 
[Combination 
Maximum 
Redemption: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part B, 
Chapter 9][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions 
from Annex 6, Part B, Chapter 9 and, where relevant, 
the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
X. 
[Combination 
Minimum 
Redemption: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part B, 
Chapter 10][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions 
from Annex 6, Part B, Chapter 10 and, where 
relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
XI. 
[Combination 
Complex Digital 
Basket 
Contingency 
Redemption: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part B, 
Chapter 11][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions 
from Annex 6, Part B, Chapter 11 and, where 
relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
XII. 
[Combination 
Payoff-Linked 
Digital 
Redemption: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part B, 
Chapter 12][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions 
from Annex 6, Part B, Chapter 12 and, where 
relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
XIII. 
[Combination 
Digital 
Performance 
Redemption: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part B, 
Chapter 13][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions 
from Annex 6, Part B, Chapter 13 and, where 
relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(B) 
Standard 
Redemption Payoff 
Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If " Applicable", select only the applicable Standard 
Redemption Payoff(s)) 
(If 
"Not 
Applicable", 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
[Standard Fixed 
Redemption: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part B, 
Chapter 1][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions 
from Annex 5, Part B, Chapter 1 and, where relevant, 
the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
II. 
[Standard 
Floater 
Redemption: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part B, 
Chapter 2][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions 
from Annex 5, Part B, Chapter 2 and, where relevant, 
the Definitions Conditions]]

--- Page 151 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
151 
 
III. 
[Standard 
Participation 
Redemption: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part B, 
Chapter 3][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions 
from Annex 5, Part B, Chapter 3 and, where relevant, 
the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
IV. 
[Standard 
Digital 
to 
Participation 
Redemption: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable in accordance with 
Annex 5, Part B, Chapter 4] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions 
from Annex 5, Part B, Chapter 4 and, where relevant, 
the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
V. 
[Standard ABF 
Redemption: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part B, 
Chapter 5][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions 
from Annex 5, Part B, Chapter 5 and, where relevant, 
the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
VI. 
[Standard 
Digital/Perform
ance 
Redemption: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part B, 
Chapter 6][Not Applicable][Applicable: Specified 
Dates][Applicable: American] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions 
from Annex 5, Part B, Chapter 6 and, where relevant, 
the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
VII. 
[Standard 
Performance 
Redemption: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part B, 
Chapter 7][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions 
from Annex 5, Part B, Chapter 7 and, where relevant, 
the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
VIII. 
[Standard Fixed 
Range Accrual 
Redemption: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part B, 
Chapter 8] [Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions 
from Annex 5, Part B, Chapter 8 and, where relevant, 
the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
IX. 
[Standard 
Target Volatility 
Redemption: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part B, 
Chapter 9] [Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions 
from Annex 5, Part B, Chapter 9 and, where relevant, 
the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
X. 
[Standard Drop-
Back 
Redemption: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part B, 
Chapter 10] [Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions 
from Annex 5, Part B, Chapter 10 and, where 
relevant, the Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(ii) 
Redemption 
Unwind 
Costs: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Payoff Feature Unwind 
Costs: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 152 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
152 
 
(iv) 
Reference Price: 
[[●] 
(Specify each separate percentage where different 
Reference Prices apply to different dates)] 
[A price calculated pursuant to sub-paragraph (c) of 
the definition of "Reference Price" in Annex 9 
(Redemption Method Conditions), where: 
C = [●]; 
n = [●]; and 
N = [●].] 
 
(v) 
[PL ("Protection Level"): 
[●]]  
 
(j) 
Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Hedge Amount 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Specify as applicable if the Securities may be 
redeemed at their Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount, as determined in accordance with General 
Condition 6.8 (Redemption Amounts)) 
 
(ii) 
Fair 
Market 
Value 
Redemption 
Amount 
Percentage: 
[[●] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Instalment Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with: 
[Standard 
Redemption][Performance 
Redemption][Growth Redemption] 
[(If Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature is 
Applicable) [Subject to Part B, Chapter 3 of Annex 7 
(Payoff Feature Conditions) and paragraph "Dual 
Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature" of these Final 
Terms]] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Redemption Payoff: 
[Determined in accordance with [●] (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption or Combination Redemption 
Payoff) [Subject to [●] (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)] (as completed in paragraph ["Combination 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"]["Standard 
Redemption Payoff Provisions"] [and] ["PAYOFF 
FEATURES 
(IF 
ANY) 
RELATING 
TO 
REDEMPTION"] 
of 
these 
Final 
Terms)][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Redemption 
Unwind 
Costs: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Payoff Feature Unwind 
Costs: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 153 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
153 
 
(iv) 
Reference Prices: 
[[●] 
(Specify each separate percentage where different 
Reference Prices apply to different dates)] 
[A price calculated pursuant to sub-paragraph (c) of 
the definition of "Reference Price" in Annex 9 
(Redemption Method Conditions), where: 
C = [●]; 
n = [●]; and 
N = [●].] 
 
(l) 
Physical Settlement: 
[Applicable] [Cash or Physical Settlement] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Only specify if Share Linked Asset Conditions or ETF 
Linked Asset Conditions apply. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining subparagraph of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Cash or Physical Settlement: 
[Applicable for the purposes of [●] (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption or Combination Redemption 
Payoff and relevant elements which apply for 
determining whether cash or physical settlement 
applies) where Physical Settlement will apply if [●]] 
[Subject to [●] (Insert name of Payoff Feature)] (as 
completed in paragraph ["Combination Redemption 
Payoff Provisions"]["Standard Redemption Payoff 
Provisions"] [and] ["PAYOFF FEATURES (IF ANY) 
RELATING TO REDEMPTION"] of these Final 
Terms)] [[●] (Specify other)] 
 
(m) 
Clean-up Call Option (General 
Condition 6.7 (Clean-up Call 
Option)): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Notice period on Clean-up 
Call Option: 
[Minimum notice period: [●]] 
(Please note that, for Securities cleared through 
Euroclear, the Notice period cannot be shorter than 
five Business Days as per requirements notified by 
Euroclear) 
[Maximum notice period: [●]] 
20. 
 
Instalment Securities: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Instalment Date(s): 
Instalment Amount(s): 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
21. 
 
Credit Linked Securities: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (Note that Credit 
Linked Securities are not allowed where the Securities 
are Italian Listed Securities only) 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 154 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
154 
 
(a) 
Type of Credit Linked Securities: 
(Select each of the following that applies) 
[Single Reference Entity CLS] 
[Nth–to-Default CLS (N:[●]) 
− 
Nth-to-Default CLS (Credit Linked Condition 
6.2): [Substitution: Applicable][Substitution: Not 
Applicable]] 
[Linear Basket CLS] 
[Fully Principal Protected CLS] 
[Partially Principal Protected CLS 
− 
Principal 
Protected 
Amount: 
[●][Not 
Applicable]] 
[Fixed Recovery CLS 
− 
Fixed 
Recovery 
Percentage: 
[●][Not 
Applicable]] 
[Leveraged CLS 
− 
[The minimum notice period for the purposes of 
Credit Linked Condition 2.7 is [●]. The 
maximum notice period for the purposes of 
Credit Linked Condition 2.7 is [●].] 
− 
Fair Market Value Trigger: [Applicable. The Fair 
Market Value Trigger is [●]][Not Applicable] 
− 
Reference Entity Spread Trigger: [Applicable. 
The Reference Entity Spread Trigger is [●]][Not 
Applicable] 
− 
Reference Entity Trigger: [Applicable. The 
Reference Entity Trigger is [●]][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable for Linear Basket CLSs)] 
[Reference Obligations Only CLS] 
 
(b) 
Reference Entity: 
[● (Legal Name)][and any successor][(Where the 
Reference Entity is a Monoline Insurer) The 
Reference Entity is a Monoline Insurer. (If the 
Reference Entity or Reference Obligation comprises 
of a single entity or obligation, or in the case of a pool 
of underlying where a single reference entity or 
reference obligation represents 20 % or more of the 
pool, 
please 
also 
add 
address, 
country 
of 
incorporation, industry or industries in which the 
Reference Entity (or the issuer of the Reference 
Obligation) operates and the name of the regulated 
market in which its securities are admitted.) 
Accordingly, the provisions set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 7.2 will apply in respect of that Reference 
Entity (see paragraph 21(vv) of this section).][(If there 
are multiple Reference Entities, specify:) As set out in 
the applicable table[s] in Part C]

--- Page 155 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
155 
 
(c) 
Specified Currency(ies): 
Standard Specified Currencies (Standard Specified 
Currencies means the currencies of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, France, Germany, the United Kingdom 
and the United States) [and Domestic Currency 
(Insert only where Domestic Currency is not included 
in the Standard Specified Currencies)] 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
[● (Insert relevant currencies other than Standard 
Specified Currencies and Domestic Currency)] 
 
(d) 
Maximum Maturity: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[30 years][●] 
(Should only be applicable if the Maximum Maturity 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic is applicable) 
(If default position in the Base Prospectus is required, 
then specify "30 years"). 
 
(e) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] [(If there are multiple 
Reference Entities of the same transaction type, delete 
the rows below and specify:) As set out in the 
applicable table[s] in Part [C]] (If there are multiple 
Reference Obligations, repeat the sub-paragraphs 
below as needed) 
 
The 
obligation 
identified 
as 
follows: 
 
 
− 
Primary Obligor: 
[● (Legal Name)] 
 
− 
Maturity: 
[● (Date)] 
 
− 
Coupon: 
[●] 
 
− 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[●] 
 
(f) 
Standard Reference Obligation(s): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If specified as applicable, the obligation specified as 
the "Reference Obligation(s)" at paragraph 21(e) 
above (or any Substitute Reference Obligation 
therefor) shall be the Reference Obligation unless and 
until the date ISDA publishes a Standard Reference 
Obligation on the SRO List, in which case, such 
Standard Reference Obligation shall, subject to the 
definition of "Reference Obligation" in Credit Linked 
Condition 10, be the Reference Obligation from that 
date) 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
 
− 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level][Subordinated Level][Not Specified] 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C]

--- Page 156 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
156 
 
(g) 
Non-Reference Entity Original 
Non-Standard 
Reference 
Obligation(s): 
[Applicable – the Reference Obligation(s) specified 
above will constitute [a] valid Original Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation(s).][Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Obligation specified at paragraph 
21(e) above is not an obligation of the Reference 
Entity specified at paragraph 21(b) above, such 
Reference Obligation will not constitute a valid 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation unless 
Non-Reference 
Entity 
Original 
Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation is specified as applicable) 
 
(h) 
Scheduled Redemption Date: 
[Redemption Date][● (Date)] 
(Scheduled Redemption Date is subject to the 
Business Day Convention applied at paragraph 
"Business Day Convention" of these Final Terms; if 
this is Not Applicable, then the fallback is Following 
Business Day Convention.) 
 
(i) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
making 
calculations 
and 
determinations 
pursuant 
to 
Annex 2 
(Credit 
Linked 
Conditions): 
[●][Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank] 
 
(j) 
CLS Business Day: 
[TARGET 2 Settlement Day][●] (If nothing is 
Specified, CLS Business Days will be each day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settlement payments in 
the jurisdiction of the currency of the related Floating 
Rate Payer Calculation Amount) 
 
(k) 
Relevant Time: 
[Greenwich Mean Time] 
 [Tokyo time (Tokyo Time is for Reference Entities 
incorporated in Japan only)] 
 
(l) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
 
(m) 
Credit Event: 
[Bankruptcy] 
[Failure to Pay] 
[Obligation Acceleration]  
[Obligation Default]  
[Repudiation/Moratorium]  
[Restructuring]  
[Governmental Intervention]  
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C]

--- Page 157 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
157 
 
− 
Payment 
Requirement 
(Failure to Pay): 
[$1,000,000] (This is the default value provided in 
Credit Linked Condition 10 if no other value is 
specified) 
[JPY 100,000,000] 
[●] 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
($1,000,000 or its equivalent in the Obligation 
Currency, if not specified, or where applicable, JPY 
100,000,000 or its equivalent as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency) 
 
− 
Credit 
Deterioration 
Requirement 
(Failure 
to 
Pay): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(Transaction Type to be considered. If Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign, this should be specified as "Not 
Applicable".) 
 
− 
Fallback Discounting (Credit 
Linked Condition 10): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(Transaction Type to be considered. If Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign, this should be specified as "Not 
Applicable".) 
 
− 
Default 
Requirement 
(Obligation 
Acceleration, 
Obligation 
Default, 
Repudiation/Moratorium, 
Restructuring): 
[$10,000,000] (This is the default value provided in 
Credit Linked Condition 10 if no other value is 
specified) 
[JPY 1,000,000,000] 
[●] 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
($10,000,000 or its equivalent in the Obligation 
Currency if not specified, or where applicable, JPY 
1,000,000,000 or its equivalent as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency) 
 
− 
Restructuring 
(Additional 
provisions (if any) where 
Restructuring is specified as 
applicable 
in 
paragraph 
21(m) above). 
[Not Applicable] [Mod R Applicable] [Mod Mod R 
Applicable] [Multiple Holder Obligations: Not 
Applicable]  
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
 
(n) 
Financial Reference Entity Terms 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]  
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
 
(o) 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed Money] 
[Reference Obligations Only] 
[Bond] 
[Loan] 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C]

--- Page 158 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
158 
 
(p) 
Obligation Characteristic(s): 
[None] 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency] 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
 
(q) 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction 
Settlement][Cash 
Settlement][Physical 
Settlement]  
(For Fixed Recovery CLS, specify "Cash Settlement"). 
 
− 
Fallback Settlement Method: 
[Not 
Applicable][Cash 
Settlement][Physical 
Settlement] 
(Only applicable if Auction Settlement applies) 
 
− 
Terms 
relating 
to 
Cash 
Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If "Not Applicable", delete the following sub-
paragraph of this paragraph). 
 
• 
Cash 
Settlement 
Amount: 
["R" means Weighted Average Final Price]["R" 
means the Final Price] 
(For Fixed Recovery CLS, specify "R" means the 
Final Price).  
 
− 
Partial Cash Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Partial Cash Settlement Date: [As determined in 
accordance with the Credit Linked Conditions][Date 
falling [●] CLS Business Days after the calculation of 
the Final Price] 
 
− 
Physical 
Settlement 
Procedure 
(Credit 
Linked 
Condition 4.7(a)): 
[Not 
Applicable][Securityholder 
shall 
deliver 
[[10][●]] Business Days prior to the Physical 
Settlement Date the documents specified in Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
4.7(a) 
(Procedure 
by 
Securityholders)] 
(Only applicable if Physical Settlement applies) 
 
− 
Physical Settlement Period: 
[[●] CLS Business Days][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Notice Cut-Off Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[5][●]] Business Days] 
 
− 
Escrow: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Escrow Agent: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 159 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
159 
 
(r) 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed Money] 
[Reference Obligations Only] 
[Bond] 
[Loan] 
[Bond or Loan] 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(s) 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristic(s): 
[None] 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency] 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[Assignable Loan] 
[Consent Required Loan] 
[Transferable] 
[Maximum Maturity] 
[Not Bearer] 
[Listed] 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(t) 
Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
 
(u) 
Capped Reference Entity(ies): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (Only applicable if the 
Settlement Method or, if applicable, Fallback 
Settlement Method is Physical Settlement, and the 
Reference Entity is a Capped Reference Entity) 
 
(v) 
LPN Reference Entity: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][As set out in the 
applicable table[s] in Part C] 
 
(w) 
Floating Rate Payer Calculation 
Amount: 
[●][[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Where 
there are multiple Reference Entities or groups of 
Reference Entities of the same transaction type, 
specify:)[Subject to Credit Linked Condition 6.3, the 
Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount for each 
Reference Entity is equal to the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Securities multiplied by the weighting 
corresponding to such Reference Entity as shown in 
the applicable table[s] in Part C under the column 
headed "Weight (in %)"]] 
 
(x) 
Excluded Obligation: 
[Not Applicable][●][As set out in the applicable 
table[s] in Part C] 
 
(y) 
Obligation: 
[●][As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C]] 
[As per Credit Linked Condition 10]

--- Page 160 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
160 
 
(z) 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation: 
[Not Applicable][●] 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part [C]] 
 
(aa) 
Domestic Currency: 
Lawful currency of [Canada][Japan][Switzerland][the 
United Kingdom][United States of America]][Euro] 
[●] [As per Credit Linked Condition 10] 
 
(bb) 
Domestic Law: 
[laws of England][laws of the State of New York] [As 
per Credit Linked Condition 10] 
 
(cc) 
Cessation of Interest Accrual 
(Credit Linked Condition 3.1): 
[CIA Type [1][ 2][ 3] 
 
(dd) 
Settlement at Maturity: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][[●] Business Days 
immediately following the determination of the 
[Auction Final Price (if Auction Settlement Date 
applicable)][Weighted Average Final Price (if Cash 
Settlement Date applicable)]] 
(Only need to specify for Cash Settlement Date if not 
5 Business Days) 
 
(ee) 
Notice Delivery Period: 
[[●] CLS Business Days][As per Credit Linked 
Condition 10] 
 
(ff) 
Notice of Publicly Available 
Information: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][As set out in the 
applicable table[s] in Part [C]] 
 
(gg) 
Public Source: 
[●][As per Credit Linked Condition 10] 
 
(hh) 
Settlement Currency: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Hedge Amount: 
[Applicable [One-][ Two-] Way Hedge Amount][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(jj) 
Quotations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][Not Applicable – Fixed 
Recovery CLS] (If not applicable, delete the following 
sub-paragraphs) 
 
− 
Quotation Amount: 
[●][As per Credit Linked Condition 10] 
 
− 
Minimum Quotation Amount: 
[●][As per Credit Linked Condition 10] 
 
− 
Valuation Time: 
[●][As per Credit Linked Condition 10] 
 
− 
CLS Dealer: 
[●][As per Credit Linked Condition 10] 
 
(kk) 
Deliverable/Valuation Obligation 
Accrued Interest: 
[Include 
Accrued 
Interest][Exclude 
Accrued 
Interest][Not Specified – Calculation Agent to 
determine] 
 
(ll) 
Credit Event Backstop Date: 
[Trade Date][date falling 60 calendar days prior to the 
Trade Date] 
 
(mm) 
Event Determination Date: 
[Including prior to the Trade Date: [Applicable][Not 
Applicable]] 
(Where the Credit Event Backstop Date is prior to the 
Trade Date, specify "Applicable").

--- Page 161 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
161 
 
(nn) 
Extension Date: 
[Scheduled 
Redemption 
Date][date 
[●][calendar][Business Days] prior to the Scheduled 
Redemption Date][●] (or such later date determined 
in accordance with the Credit Linked Conditions) 
 
(oo) 
Grace Period (for the purposes of 
sub-paragraph (b) in the definition 
of "Grace Period" in Credit Linked 
Condition 10): 
[30 calendar days][●][As per Credit Linked Condition 
10] 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
 
(pp) 
Grace Period Extension: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]  
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
 
(qq) 
Limitation Date Adjustment: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable: subject to adjustment in 
accordance with [(Business Day Convention)]] 
 
(rr) 
Redemption following a Merger 
Event (Credit Linked Condition 
2.8): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(ss) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
Change in Law is [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Hedging Disruption is [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Increased Cost of Hedging is [Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(tt) 
Qualifying Participation Seller 
requirements: 
[●][None] 
 
(uu) 
Additional Provisions: 
[[Applicable. [The "2014 Sovereign No Asset 
Package Delivery Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014)" 
shall apply with respect to the Reference Entity]][●]] 
(The 2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement should be applied in respect of reference 
entities for which Standard Latin America Sovereign 
Transaction Type applies (other than Argentina and 
Ecuador) or Emerging European & Middle Eastern 
Sovereign Transaction Type applies (other than 
Ukraine). Where applicable, specify the additional 
provisions relating to narrowly tailored credit events) 
[(For Monoline Insurers) The provisions set out in 
Credit Linked Condition 7.2 will apply in respect of 
the Reference Entity (see paragraph 21(b) above] 
[Applicable: 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part [C]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(vv) 
Quantum of the Claim: 
[As per Credit Linked Condition 10] [●] (Method of 
determining Quantum of the Claim to be set out here 
if overriding method) 
 
(ww) 
Senior Non-Preferred Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C]

--- Page 162 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
162 
22. 
 
Bond Linked Securities: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 3][Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Type of Bond Linked Securities: 
(Select each of the following that applies) 
[Single Bond BLS] 
[Basket BLS] 
Fair Market Value Trigger: [Applicable. The Fair 
Market Value Trigger is [●]][Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Scheduled Redemption Date: 
[Redemption Date][●] 
 
(c) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
making 
calculations 
and 
determinations 
pursuant 
to 
Annex 3 
(Bond 
Linked 
Conditions): 
[●] 
 
(d) 
BLS Business Day: 
[TARGET 2 Settlement Day][●] 
 
(e) 
Relevant Time: 
[Greenwich Mean Time] 
(For Bond Issuers incorporated in Japan only)[Tokyo 
time] 
 
(f) 
Bond Event: 
[Failure 
to 
Pay][Bond 
Acceleration][Bond 
Default][Repudiation/Moratorium][Restructuring] 
[Bond Early Redemption][As set out in the table in 
Part [D]] 
 
(g) 
Bond Issuer: 
[●] [As set out in the table in Part [D]] 
 
(h) 
Bond Nominal Amount: 
[●][As set out in the table in Part [D]] 
 
(i) 
Bond(s): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] [(If there are multiple 
Bonds, delete the rows below and specify:) As set out 
in the table in Part [D]] 
 
The 
obligation 
identified 
as 
follows: 
 
 
− 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
 
− 
Coupon: 
[●] 
 
− 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[●] 
 
− 
Principal Amount outstanding 
at the Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
(j) 
Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement][Physical Settlement] 
 
− 
Terms relating to Partial Cash 
Settlement: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Partial Cash Settlement 
Amount: 
[●]

--- Page 163 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
163 
 
• 
Partial Cash Settlement 
Date: 
[As determined in accordance with the Bond Linked 
Conditions][Date falling [●] BLS Business Days after 
the determination of the Realisable Amount] 
 
− 
Physical 
Settlement 
Procedure 
(Bond 
Linked 
Condition 4.7(a)): 
[Not 
Applicable][Securityholder 
shall 
deliver 
[[10][●]] Business Days prior to the Physical 
Settlement Date the documents specified in Bond 
Linked 
Condition 
4.7(a) 
(Procedure 
by 
Securityholders)] 
 
− 
Physical Settlement Period: 
[[●] BLS Business Days][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Notice Cut-Off Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[5][●]] Business Days] 
 
− 
Escrow: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Escrow Agent: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] [specify if applicable] 
 
− 
Physical 
Settlement 
Adjustment 
[As per Bond Linked Condition 6] [specify] [Not 
applicable] 
 
(k) 
Settlement at Maturity: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][[●] Business Days 
immediately following the determination of the 
[Realisable Amount and the Hedge Amount] 
 
(l) 
Notice of Publicly Available 
Information: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][As set out in the table 
in Part [D]] 
 
(m) 
Public Source: 
[●][As per Bond Linked Condition 6] 
 
(n) 
Settlement Currency: 
[●] 
 
(o) 
Currency Screen Page: 
[●] [Not applicable] 
 
(p) 
Currency Specified Time: 
[●] [Not applicable] 
 
(q) 
Hedge Amount: 
[Applicable One-Way Hedge Amount][Applicable 
Two-Way Hedge Amount][Not Applicable] 
 
(r) 
Make-Whole Amount: 
[Applicable: [●]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(s) 
Quotations: 
 
 
− 
Include Accrued Interest: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Exclude Accrued Interest: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Valuation Time: 
[●][As per Bond Linked Condition 6] 
 
− 
BLS Dealer: 
[●][As per Bond Linked Condition 6] 
 
(t) 
Extended 
Physical 
Settlement 
Date: 
[[●] BLS Business Days following the Physical 
Settlement Date][●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(u) 
Extension Date: 
[Scheduled Redemption Date][●][Date falling [●] 
[calendar][Business Days] prior to the Scheduled 
Redemption Date] [(or such later date determined in 
accordance with the Bond Linked Conditions)] 
 
(v) 
Valuation Date: 
[Any BLS Business Day [falling within [●] BLS 
Business 
Days] 
following 
the 
Bond 
Event 
Determination Date][●]

--- Page 164 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
164 
 
(w) 
Grace Period: 
[30 calendar days][●] 
 
(x) 
Grace Period Extension: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] [As set out in the table 
in Part [C]] 
 
(y) 
Redemption following a Merger 
Event 
(Bond 
Linked 
Condition 2.5): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(z) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with Bond Linked 
Condition 6] 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable] (Note 
that Increased Cost of Hedging will not be applicable 
to Italian Listed Securities) 
23. 
 
Preference Share Linked Securities: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 11][Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Preference Share: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Preference Share Underlying: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Information: 
[The Terms of the Preference Shares are available for 
inspection at the following website and/or address: 
[●]] 
[The Preference Share Value will be published at the 
following price source: [●]] 
 
(d) 
Redemption Date: 
[● (Date)][As specified in Preference Share Linked 
Condition 1] 
 
(e) 
Preference Share Underlying Final 
Observation Date: 
[● (Date)] [As specified in Preference Share Linked 
Condition 1 (If the Preference Shares are subject to 
redemption as a result of an auto-call feature being 
triggered on any Preference Share Trigger Barrier 
Observation Date(s))] 
 
(f) 
Auto-call Redemption Date: 
[● (Date)][Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Preference 
Share 
Underlying 
Early Observation Date: 
[● (Date)][Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount: 
[As 
specified 
in 
Preference 
Share 
Linked 
Condition 1.4(b)] 
[Preference Share Linked Condition 1.4(b)(i) shall not 
apply[ in relation to the following events leading to 
early redemption of the Securities: [●] (Insert 
applicable events from the General Conditions giving 
rise to payment of the Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount)]]

--- Page 165 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
165 
 
(i) 
Extraordinary Events: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
[Merger Event is Not Applicable] 
[Tender Offer is Not Applicable] 
[Insolvency is Not Applicable] 
[Nationalisation is Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
[Change in Law is Not Applicable] 
(If Change in Law is specified "Not Applicable" then 
delete the following sub-paragraph) 
 
 
[Hedging Arrangements are Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Insolvency Filing is Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption is Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is Not Applicable] 
24. 
 
Linked Redemption Security: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable in accordance with [Commodity] [Index] 
[Inflation] [FX] [Rate] [ETF] [Share] [Fund] [Future] 
[Multi-Asset Basket] Linked Redemption Security 
(Annex 1)] 
[(See paragraph "PROVISIONS RELATING TO 
THE UNDERLYING(S) IF ANY" for further 
information in relation to the Underlying(s))] 
 
PAYOFF FEATURES (IF ANY) RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
25. 
 
Payoff Features: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If "Applicable", select only the applicable 
Payoff Feature(s))  
(If "Not Applicable", delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
[Applicable as per Global Cap Redemption 
Payoff Feature (Annex 7, Part B, Chapter 1)] 
[Applicable as per Global Floor Redemption 
Payoff Feature (Annex 7, Part B, Chapter 2)] 
[Applicable as per Dual Currency (Redemption) 
Payoff Feature (Annex 7, Part B, Chapter 3)]

--- Page 166 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
166 
[Applicable as per Investor Redemption Switch 
Payoff Feature (Annex 7, Part B, Chapter 4)] 
[Applicable as per Issuer Redemption Switch 
Payoff Feature (Annex 7, Part B, Chapter 5)] 
[Applicable as per Knock-out Redemption 
Switch Payoff Feature (Annex 7, Part B, Chapter 
6)] 
[Applicable as per Shout Option Performance 
Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature (Annex 7, 
Part B, Chapter 7)] 
[Applicable as per Reset Option Redemption 
Payoff Feature (Annex 7, Part B, Chapter 8)] 
[Applicable as per Knock-out Performance 
Redemption Switch Payoff Feature (Annex 7, 
Part B, Chapter 9)] 
[Applicable as per Currency Performance Payoff 
Feature (Annex 7, Part D, Chapter 1) 
[Applicable as per Additive Payoff Feature 
(Annex 7, Part C, Chapter 1)] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(See also paragraph ["PAYOFF FEATURES 
(IF ANY) RELATING TO INTEREST"] for 
Payoff Features (if any) relating to Interest)] 
 
(If Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Strike Price: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(If Global Floor Redemption Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Strike Price: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(If Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
 
[Redemption Date][Instalment Date]: 
 
 
Redemption 
Currency: 
Dual 
Currency 
(Redemption) 
Exchange 
Rate: 
Dual Currency 
Method: 
FX 
Price 
Source: 
Specified Rate: 
BRL 
Valuation 
Date: 
BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days: 
BRL/USD 
Business 
Days: 
BRL/EUR 
Business 
Days: 
BRL 
Latest 
Postponement 
Date: 
[●] 
[●] 
[Calculation 
Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination
][BRL/JPY 
Rate] 
[BRL/USD 
Rate] 
[BRL/EUR 
Rate] 
[multiplication
] [division] 
[Applicable[●]
] 
[Not 
Applicable as 
Calculation 
Agent FX Rate 
Determination 
applies][Not 
Applicable as 
[BRL/JPY 
Rate] 
[BRL/USD 
Rate] 
[Offer 
Price] 
[Bid 
Price] 
[Mid Price] [As 
per FX Linked 
Asset 
Condition 
2] 
[Not applicable 
as Calculation 
Agent FX Rate 
Determination 
applies] 
[[●] BRL/JPY 
Business Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest 
Payment Date] 
[● 
(specify 
other payment 
date)][[●] 
BRL/USD 
Business Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest 
[[●] 
is 
an 
additional 
financial 
centre for the 
purposes of 
the definition 
of "BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days"] [Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] is an 
additional 
financial 
centre 
for 
the 
purposes of 
the 
definition of 
"BRL/USD 
Business 
[[●] is an 
additional 
financial 
centre 
for 
the 
purposes of 
the 
definition of 
"BRL/EUR 
Business 
[[●] 
FX 
Business 
Days] [As per 
FX 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 6]

--- Page 167 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
167 
[BRL/EUR 
Rate] applies] 
(For the above, 
"Mid 
Price" 
will apply if "As 
per FX Linked 
Asset Condition 
2" is selected) 
Payment Date] 
[● 
(specify 
other payment 
date)] 
[[●] 
BRL/EUR 
Business Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest 
Payment Date] 
[● 
(specify 
other payment 
date)]] 
[Not 
Specified] 
Days"] [Not 
Applicable] 
Days"] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
 
Valuation 
Time: 
Market Disruption 
Events: 
Unscheduled 
Holiday 
Deferral: 
Benchmark 
Obligation(s): 
Minimum 
Amount: 
Illiquidity 
Valuation Date: 
Minimum 
Amount: 
(for 
Specific 
Inconvertibility
) 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
Primary 
Rate: 
Secondary 
Rate: 
[Closing] 
[●] 
[Intraday] 
[Not Applicable] 
[All 
Market 
Disruption Events 
listed in Annex 1, 
Chapter 
3 
are 
applicable.] 
(If only one or some 
of 
the 
Market 
Disruption Events 
listed in Annex 1, 
Chapter 
3 
are 
applicable, delete 
the 
above 
paragraphs 
and 
specify 
below 
which 
Market 
Disruption Events 
apply)  
[The 
following 
Market Disruption 
Event[s] [is] [are] 
applicable: (specify 
which 
Market 
Disruption Event(s) 
appl(ies)(y)) 
[Benchmark 
Obligation 
Default][Dual 
Exchange 
Rate][General 
Inconvertibility][G
eneral 
Non-
Transferability][Go
vernmental 
Authority 
Default][Illiquidity
][Material Change 
in 
Circumstances][Na
tionalisation][Price 
Materiality][Price 
Source 
Disruption][Specifi
c 
Inconvertibility][S
pecific 
Non-
Transferability]] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
[●][Not 
specified] 
[●][Not 
specified] 
[●][Not 
specified] 
(If 
the 
Minimum 
Amount is not 
specified, 
the 
Minimum 
Amount will be 
the 
Event 
Currency 
Equivalent 
of 
U.S.$1.00) 
[●] 
[●] 
[●][As per 
FX Linked 
Asset 
Condition 
2] 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as required) 
 
 
 
Event 
Currency: 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
Successor 
Currency: 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
Payment 
Extension 
Days: 
JPY Price Source 
Disruption: 
JPY Relevant 
Page: 
JPY Fallback 
Page1: 
JPY Fallback 
Page2:

--- Page 168 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
168 
[●][Not 
specified] 
[Applicable in accordance 
with FX Linked Asset 
Condition 4.1] 
[Change in Law is not 
applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not 
applicable] 
[Increased 
Cost 
of 
Hedging is not applicable] 
(Note that Increased Cost 
of Hedging will not be 
applicable 
to 
Italian 
Listed Securities) 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] 
FX 
Business 
Days] 
[[●] Payment 
Business 
Days] 
[Applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
Early Redemption Date: 
 
 
Redemption 
Currency: 
Dual Currency 
(Redemption) 
Exchange 
Rate: 
Dual Currency 
Method: 
FX 
Price 
Source: 
Specified Rate: 
BRL Valuation 
Date: 
BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days: 
BRL/USD 
Business 
Days: 
BRL/EUR 
Business 
Days: 
BRL 
Latest 
Postponement 
Date: 
[●] 
[●] 
[Calculation 
Agent FX Rate 
Determination]
[BRL/JPY 
Rate] 
[BRL/USD 
Rate] 
[BRL/EUR 
Rate] 
[multiplication
][division] 
[Applicable 
[●]] 
[Not 
Applicable as 
Calculation 
Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determinatio
n 
applies][Not 
Applicable as 
[BRL/JPY 
Rate] 
[BRL/USD 
Rate] 
[BRL/EUR 
Rate] applies] 
[Offer 
Price][Bid 
Price][Mid 
Price] [As per 
FX 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 
2] 
[Not applicable 
as Calculation 
Agent FX Rate 
Determination 
applies] 
(For the above, 
"Mid 
Price" 
will apply if "As 
per FX Linked 
Asset Condition 
2" is selected) 
[[●] BRL/JPY 
Business Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest 
Payment Date] 
[● 
specify 
other payment 
date)][[●] 
BRL/USD 
Business Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest 
Payment Date] 
[● 
specify 
other payment 
date)] 
[[●] 
BRL/EUR 
Business Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest 
Payment Date] 
[● 
specify 
other payment 
date)]] 
[Not 
Specified] 
[[●] 
is 
an 
additional 
financial 
centre for the 
purposes of 
the definition 
of "BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days"] [Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] is an 
additional 
financial 
centre 
for 
the 
purposes of 
the 
definition 
of 
"BRL/USD 
Business 
Days"] [Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] is an 
additional 
financial 
centre 
for 
the 
purposes of 
the 
definition 
of 
"BRL/EUR 
Business 
Days"] [Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] 
FX 
Business 
Days] [As per 
FX 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 6] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as required) 
(Add rows 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
 
Valuation 
Time: 
Market Disruption 
Events: 
Unscheduled 
Holiday 
Deferral: 
Benchmark 
Obligation(s): 
Minimum 
Amount: 
Illiquidity 
Valuation Date 
Minimum 
Amount: 
(for 
Specific 
Inconvertibility
) 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
Primary 
Rate: 
Secondary 
Rate: 
[Closing] 
[●] 
[Intraday] 
[Not Applicable] 
[All 
Market 
Disruption Events 
listed in Annex 1, 
Chapter 
3 
are 
applicable.] 
(If only one or some 
of 
the 
Market 
Disruption Events 
listed in Annex 1, 
Chapter 
3 
are 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
above 
paragraphs 
and 
specify below which 
Market Disruption 
Events apply)  
[The 
following 
Market Disruption 
Event[s] [is] [are] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Not 
specified] 
[●][Not 
specified] 
[●] 
[Not 
specified] 
(If 
the 
Minimum 
Amount is not 
specified, 
the 
Minimum 
Amount will be 
the 
Event 
Currency 
Equivalent 
of 
U.S.$1.00) 
[●] 
[●] 
[●][As per 
FX Linked 
Asset 
Condition 
2]

--- Page 169 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
169 
applicable: (specify 
which 
Market 
Disruption Event(s) 
appl(ies)(y)) 
[Benchmark 
Obligation 
Default][Dual 
Exchange 
Rate][General 
Inconvertibility][G
eneral 
Non-
Transferability][Go
vernmental 
Authority 
Default][Illiquidity]
[Material Change in 
Circumstances][Nat
ionalisation][Price 
Materiality][Price 
Source 
Disruption][Specifi
c 
Inconvertibility][Sp
ecific 
Non-
Transferability]] 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
 
 
 
Event 
Currency: 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
Successor 
Currency: 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
Payment 
Extension 
Days: 
JPY Price Source 
Disruption: 
JPY Relevant 
Page: 
JPY 
Fallback 
Page1: 
JPY Fallback 
Page2: 
[●][Not 
specified] 
[Applicable in accordance 
with FX Linked Asset 
Condition 4.1] 
[Change in Law is not 
applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not 
applicable] 
[Increased 
Cost 
of 
Hedging is not applicable] 
(Note that Increased Cost 
of Hedging will not be 
applicable 
to 
Italian 
Listed Securities) 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] 
FX 
Business 
Days] 
[[●] 
Payment 
Business Days] 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
(If Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Investor 
Redemption 
Switch Expiry Date(s): 
[10][●] Business Days prior to [each][●] 
Redemption Determination Dates 
 
(ii) 
Investor 
Redemption 
Switch Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Investor 
Redemption 
Switch Notice Time: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Linked Redemption1: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Redemption Payoff 
or Relevant Combination Redemption Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Combination 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"]["Standard 
Redemption Payoff Provisions"] of these Final 
Terms for the purposes of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(v) 
Linked Redemption2: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Redemption Payoff 
or Relevant Combination Redemption Payoff)

--- Page 170 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
170 
(as completed in paragraph ["Combination 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"]["Standard 
Redemption Payoff Provisions"] of these Final 
Terms for the purposes of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(If Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Issuer Redemption Switch 
Expiry Date(s): 
[10][●] Business Days prior to [each][●] 
Redemption Determination Dates 
 
(ii) 
Issuer Redemption Switch 
Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Issuer Redemption Switch 
Notice Time  
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Linked Redemption1: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Redemption Payoff 
or Relevant Combination Redemption Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Combination 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"]["Standard 
Redemption Payoff Provisions"] of these Final 
Terms for the purposes of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(v) 
Linked Redemption2: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Redemption Payoff 
or Relevant Combination Redemption Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Combination 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"]["Standard 
Redemption Payoff Provisions"] of these Final 
Terms for the purposes of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(If Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Knock-out Barrier: 
[●] (Specify a percentage of the Initial 
Underlying Value(i)) 
 
(ii) 
Knock-out 
Redemption 
Switch Date: 
[●][As defined in Annex 7, Part B, Chapter 6] 
 
(iii) 
Knock-out 
Redemption 
Switch Event: 
Underlying Value [higher than the Knock-out 
Barrier] [higher than or equal to the Knock-out 
Barrier] [lower than the Knock-out Barrier] 
[lower than or equal to the Knock-out Barrier] 
[within Range] [outside Range], [on [the] [the 
last] [each] [at least one previous] [each 
previous] 
Knock-out 
Redemption 
Switch 
Observation Date] [[at least one time] [on at least 
one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled 
Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] 
during the Knock-out Redemption Switch 
Observation Period] 
 
(iv) 
Knock-out 
Redemption 
Switch 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention 
applicable to the Knock-out Redemption Switch 
Observation Date(s))

--- Page 171 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
171 
 
(v) 
Knock-out 
Redemption 
Switch Observation Period: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Linked Redemption1: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Redemption Payoff 
or Relevant Combination Redemption Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Combination 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"]["Standard 
Redemption Payoff Provisions"] of these Final 
Terms for the purposes of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(vii) 
Linked Redemption2: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Redemption Payoff 
or Relevant Combination Redemption Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Combination 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"]["Standard 
Redemption Payoff Provisions"] of these Final 
Terms for the purposes of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(viii) 
Range: 
[●] (Specify Range relating to the Payoff) 
 
(ix) 
Underlying: 
[●] 
(with further information set out in paragraph [●] 
(Insert reference to correct Asset Condition line 
item) of these Final Terms) (The relevant 
Commodity, Index, Inflation Index, FX Rate, 
Benchmark Rate, ETF, Share, Fund Interest or 
Future) 
 
(If Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Notice Deadline: 
[●] [am] [pm] 
 
(ii) 
Shout Option Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Shout Option Performance 
Lock-in Expiry Date(s): 
[10][●] Business Days prior to [each][●] 
Redemption Determination Dates 
 
(i) 
Shout Option Performance 
Lock-in Expiry Time: 
[●] 
 
(If Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Reset Notification Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Reset Notification Time: 
[●] [am] [pm][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Reset Notice Time: 
[●] [am] [pm][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Reset Notice Date(s): 
The date that is 10 Business Days prior to [•] 
(specify 
which 
Redemption 
Determination 
Dates)] 
 
(v) 
Reset Option Number: 
[●]

--- Page 172 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
172 
 
(If Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Knock-out Barrier: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Knock-out 
Performance 
Redemption Switch Date: 
[●][As defined in Annex 7, Part B, Chapter 9] 
 
(iii) 
Knock-out 
Performance 
Redemption Switch Event: 
Performance_KOR is [higher than the Knock-out 
Barrier] [higher than or equal to the Knock-out 
Barrier] [lower than the Knock-out Barrier] 
[lower than or equal to the Knock-out Barrier] 
[within Range] [outside Range], [on [the] [the 
last] [each] [at least one previous] [each 
previous] Knock-out Performance Redemption 
Switch Observation Date] [[at least one time] [on 
at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted 
Days] during the Knock-out Performance 
Redemption Switch Observation Period] 
 
(iv) 
Performance_KOR : 
[Absolute 
Value 
Performance][Basket 
Outperformance][Best 
of 
Performance][Decrement 
Performance 
(If 
applicable, (i) specify the Decrement, (ii) with 
respect to the Total Return Performance (d-1,d), 
specify if “Option 1: Index”, “Option 2: Shares” 
or “Option 3: Basket of Shares” is applicable, 
and if “Option 3: Basket of Shares” is 
applicable, specify if “Option 1: Share 
Reinvestment” 
or 
"Option 
2: 
Basket 
Reinvestment" is applicable and the Basket 
Currency][Difference 
Performance][Capped 
Floored 
Weighted 
Average 
Performance][Product 
Performance][Quotient 
Performance][Rainbow 
Performance][Sum 
Performance][Weighted 
Average 
Performance][Weighted Average Value] [Worst 
of Performance][Xth Worst Performance with X 
being number [●]] 
 
(v) 
Performance(i): 
Option [1][2][3][4][5][6][7] applies.  
 
(vi) 
Knock-out 
Performance 
Redemption 
Switch 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention 
applicable to the Knock-out Performance 
Redemption Switch Observation Date(s)) 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Knock-out 
Performance 
Redemption 
Switch 
Observation Period: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Linked Redemption1: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Redemption Payoff 
or Relevant Combination Redemption Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Combination 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"]["Standard

--- Page 173 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
173 
Redemption Payoff Provisions"] of these Final 
Terms for the purposes of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(ix) 
Linked Redemption2: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Redemption Payoff 
or Relevant Combination Redemption Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Combination 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"]["Standard 
Redemption Payoff Provisions"] of these Final 
Terms for the purposes of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(x) 
Range: 
[Not Applicable] [●] (Specify Range relating to 
the Payoff) 
 
 
(If Additive Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Payoff Feature: 
As 
completed 
in 
paragraph 
["PAYOFF 
FEATURES 
(IF 
ANY) 
RELATING 
TO 
INTEREST"]["PAYOFF FEATURES (IF ANY) 
RELATING TO REDEMPTION"] of these Final 
Terms for the purposes of this Payoff Feature. 
 
 
(If Currency Performance Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
FX Rate: 
[●][Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination] 
[BRL/JPY Rate] [BRL/USD Rate] [BRL/EUR 
Rate] 
 
(ii) 
FX Price Source: 
[Applicable[●]][Not Applicable as Calculation 
Agent FX Rate Determination applies][Not 
Applicable as [BRL/JPY Rate][BRL/USD Rate] 
[BRL/EUR Rate] applies] 
 
(iii) 
Specified Rate: 
[Offer Price][Bid Price][Mid Price] [As per FX 
Linked Asset Condition 2] [Not applicable as 
Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination 
applies] 
(For the above, "Mid Price" will apply if "As per 
FX Linked Asset Condition 2" is selected) 
 
− 
BRL Valuation Date: 
(Delete if FX Rate is 
not 
BRL/JPY 
Rate, 
BRL/USD 
Rate 
or 
BRL/EUR Rate) 
[[●] BRL/JPY Business Days prior to the 
[Interest Payment Date] [● specify other payment 
date)][[●] BRL/USD Business Days prior to the 
[Interest Payment Date] [● specify other payment 
date)] [[●] BRL/USD Business Days prior to the 
[Interest Payment Date] [● specify other payment 
date)]][Not Specified] 
 
− 
BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days: 
(Delete if FX Rate is 
not BRL/JPY Rate) 
[[●] is an additional financial centre for the 
purposes of the definition of "BRL/JPY Business 
Days"][Not Applicable]

--- Page 174 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
174 
 
− 
BRL/USD 
Business 
Days: 
(Delete if FX Rate is 
not BRL/USD Rate) 
[[●] is an additional financial centre for the 
purposes of the definition of "BRL/USD 
Business Days"][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
BRL/EUR 
Business 
Days: 
(Delete if FX Rate is 
not BRL/EUR Rate) 
[[●] is an additional financial centre for the 
purposes of the definition of "BRL/EUR 
Business Days"][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
BRL 
Latest 
Postponement Date: 
(Delete if FX Rate is 
not 
BRL/JPY 
Rate, 
BRL/USD 
Rate 
or 
BRL/EUR Rate) 
[[●] FX Business Days] [As per FX Linked Asset 
Condition 6] 
 
(iv) 
Reference Currency: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Base Currency: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Valuation Time: 
[Closing][●][Intraday] 
(Specify as per Asset Conditions) 
 
(vii) 
Market Disruption Events: 
[Not Applicable] 
[All Market Disruption Events listed in Annex 1, 
Chapter 3 are applicable.] 
(If only one or some of the Market Disruption 
Events listed in Annex 1, Chapter 3 are 
applicable, delete the above paragraphs and 
specify below which Market Disruption Events 
apply) 
[The following Market Disruption Event[s] [is] 
[are] 
applicable: 
(specify 
which 
Market 
Disruption Event(s) appl(ies)(y)) [Benchmark 
Obligation 
Default][Dual 
Exchange 
Rate][General Inconvertibility][General Non-
Transferability][Governmental 
Authority 
Default][Illiquidity][Material 
Change 
in 
Circumstances][Nationalisation][Price 
Materiality][Price Source Disruption][Specific 
Inconvertibility][Specific Non-Transferability]] 
 
(viii) 
Unscheduled 
Holiday 
Deferral: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(A) 
Benchmark 
Obligation Default: 
(Delete this row and remaining subparagraph 
below if Benchmark Obligation Default is not 
applicable) 
 
− 
Benchmark 
Obligation(s): 
[●] (Insert relevant Benchmark Obligation)]

--- Page 175 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
175 
 
(B) 
Illiquidity: 
(Delete this row and remaining subparagraphs 
below if Illiquidity is not applicable) 
 
− 
Minimum Amount: 
[●][Not specified] 
(The Calculation Agent will determine the 
Minimum Amount on the Illiquidity Valuation 
Date if it is not specified) 
 
− 
Illiquidity 
Valuation 
Date: 
[●][Not specified] 
(If the Illiquidity Valuation Date is not specified, 
the Illiquidity Valuation Date will be the relevant 
Observation Date) 
 
(C) 
Price Materiality: 
(Delete this row and remaining subparagraphs 
below if Price Materiality is not applicable) 
 
− 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
[●] 
 
− 
Primary Rate: 
[●] 
 
− 
Secondary Rate: 
[●][As per FX Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
(D) 
Event Currency: 
[●(Insert 
relevant 
Event 
Currency)][Not 
specified] 
(If an Event Currency is not specified, the Event 
Currency will be the Reference Currency) 
(Event Currency is an election for the Market 
Disruption Events of General Inconvertibility, 
General Non-Transferability, Material Change 
in Circumstances, Nationalisation, Specific 
Inconvertibility 
and 
Specific 
Non-
Transferability. If all of these Market Disruption 
Events are specified as not applicable above, 
delete row) 
 
(ix) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with FX Linked Asset 
Condition 4.1][Not Applicable] 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable] 
(Note that Increased Cost of Hedging will not be 
applicable to Italian Listed Securities) 
 
(x) 
Successor Currency: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[Five (5) FX Business Days][Fourteen (14) FX 
Business Days][Thirty (30) FX Business 
Days][[●] FX Business Days] 
(If nothing is specified the default is five (5) FX 
Business Days) 
 
(xii) 
Payment Extension Days: 
[[●] Payment Business Days]

--- Page 176 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
176 
(If nothing is specified the default is two (2) 
Payment Business Days) 
 
(xiii) 
JPY 
Price 
Source 
Disruption: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
− 
JPY Relevant Page: 
[●] 
 
− 
JPY Fallback Page1: 
[●] 
 
− 
JPY Fallback Page2: 
[●] 
 
26. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE UNDERLYNG(S) IF ANY 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, at least one of paragraphs 26(a) to 26(h) below should be specified as Applicable) 
 
(a) 
[Commodity Linked Security: 
(If both interest or redemption items below are not 
applicable, delete this entire paragraph 26(a). If only 
one applies, please select relevant interest or 
redemption items below) 
[Commodity Linked [Interest] [and] [Redemption] 
Security: Applicable in accordance with Annex 1, 
Chapter 1][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Single Underlying: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this subparagraph) 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes 
of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [●] (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [●] (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [●] (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [●] (Insert name 
of Combination Redemption Payoff)] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
− 
Commodity: 
[●] 
 
− 
Commodity Reference Price: 
[Commodity Reference Dealers][As per the definition 
of Commodity Reference Price set out Commodity 
Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
− 
Unit: 
[●] 
 
− 
Price Source: 
[●][Not Applicable]

--- Page 177 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
177 
 
− 
Delivery Date: 
[[●] Nearby Month]] [●][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Exchange: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Futures Contract: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Price Materiality Percentage: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Reference Dealers: 
[●] 
 
− 
Specified Price: 
[high price] [low price] [average of high price and low 
price] 
[closing price] [opening price] 
[bid price] [asked price] [average of bid price and 
asked price] [settlement price] 
[official settlement price] [official price] [morning 
fixing] [afternoon fixing] [fixing] [spot price] 
expressed in [● (Specify the relevant currency)] 
 
(ii) 
[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this subparagraph) 
 
− 
Common Pricing: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[i] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Index Linked 
Security"] [and] ["FX Linked Security"] [and] 
["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate Linked 
Security"] [and] ["ETF Linked Security"] [and] 
["Share Linked Security"] [and] ["Fund Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Future Linked Security"][for 
details of other Multi-Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes 
of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]]

--- Page 178 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
178 
Underlying: 
Commodity: 
Unit: 
Commodity 
Reference Price: 
Price 
Source: 
Delivery 
Date: 
Exchange: 
Futures 
contract: 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
Reference 
Dealers: 
Specified Price: 
[1] 
[●] (List on a 
separate 
row 
each commodity 
used 
as 
an 
Underlying 
for 
determination of 
interest or the 
determination of 
the 
applicable 
redemption 
amount) 
[●] 
[Commodity 
Reference Dealers] 
[As 
per 
the 
definition 
of 
Commodity 
Reference Price set 
out 
Commodity 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●] 
[[●] Nearby 
Month]] [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[high price] [low price] 
[average of high price 
and low price] 
[closing 
price] 
[opening price] 
[bid 
price] 
[asked 
price] [average of bid 
price and asked price] 
[settlement price] 
[official 
settlement 
price] [official price] 
[morning 
fixing] 
[afternoon 
fixing] 
[fixing] [spot price] 
expressed 
in 
[● 
(Specify the relevant 
currency)] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
 
 
− 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[j] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Index Linked 
Security"] [and] ["FX Linked Security"] [and] 
["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate Linked 
Security"] [and] ["ETF Linked Security"] [and] 
["Share Linked Security"] [and] ["Fund Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Future Linked Security"] for 
details of other Multi-Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes 
of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name 
of Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Commodity: 
Unit: 
Commodity 
Reference Price: 
Price 
Source: 
Delivery 
Date: 
Exchange: 
Futures 
Contract: 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
Reference 
Dealers: 
Specified Price: 
[1] 
[●] 
(List 
on 
a 
separate 
row 
each commodity 
used 
as 
an 
Underlying 
for 
determination of 
interest 
or 
determination of 
the 
applicable 
redemption 
amount) 
[●] 
[Commodity 
Reference 
Dealers][As per the 
definition 
of 
Commodity 
Reference Price set 
out 
Commodity 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●] 
[[●]Nearby 
Month]] [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[high 
price] 
[low 
price] 
[average 
of 
high price and low 
price] 
[closing 
price] 
[opening price] 
[bid 
price] 
[asked 
price] [average of bid 
price and asked price] 
[settlement price] 
[official 
settlement 
price] [official price] 
[morning 
fixing] 
[afternoon 
fixing] 
[fixing] [spot price] 
expressed 
in 
[● 
(Specify the relevant 
currency)]

--- Page 179 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
179 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
 
− 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[k] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Index Linked 
Security"] [and] ["FX Linked Security"] [and] 
["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate Linked 
Security"] [and] ["ETF Linked Security"] [and] 
["Share Linked Security"] [and] ["Fund Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Future Linked Security"] for details 
of other Multi-Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes 
of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Commodity: 
Unit: 
Commodity 
Reference Price: 
Price 
Source: 
Delivery 
Date: 
Exchange: 
Futures 
Contract: 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
Reference 
Dealers: 
Specified Price: 
[1] 
[●] (List on a 
separate 
row 
each commodity 
used 
as 
an 
Underlying 
for 
determination of 
interest 
or 
determination of 
the 
applicable 
redemption 
amount) 
[●] 
[Commodity 
Reference 
Dealers][As per the 
definition 
of 
Commodity 
Reference Price set 
out 
Commodity 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●] 
[[●] Nearby 
Month]] [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[high price] [low price] 
[average of high price 
and low price] 
[closing 
price] 
[opening price] 
[bid 
price] 
[asked 
price] [average of bid 
price and asked price] 
[settlement price] 
[official 
settlement 
price] [official price] 
[morning 
fixing] 
[afternoon 
fixing] 
[fixing] [spot price] 
expressed 
in 
[● 
(Specify the relevant 
currency)] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
 
 
(iii) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with Commodity Linked 
Asset Condition 3.5][Not Applicable] 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable] (Note 
that Increased Cost of Hedging will not be 
applicable to Italian Listed Securities)

--- Page 180 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
180 
 
(iv) 
Market 
Disruption 
Event: 
[Price Source Disruption][Trading Disruption] 
[Disappearance 
of 
Commodity 
Reference 
Price][Material 
Change 
in 
Formula][Material 
Change in Content][Tax Disruption] 
 
(v) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[●] 
(If no Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to five 
Commodity Business Days) 
[(In case of Commodity Linked Redemption, 
applicable only to Price Source Disruption or 
Trading Disruption)] 
 
(vi) 
Payment 
Extension 
Days: 
[●] (If no Payment Extension Days are stated, 
Payment Extension Days will be equal to two (2) 
Payment Business Days) 
 
(vii) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention applicable 
to the Observation Date(s)) 
 
(viii) 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement][Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Correction 
of 
Commodity Prices: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[(In the case of Commodity Linked Interest Security) 
[●] Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date] 
[(In the case of Commodity Linked Redemption 
Security) [●] Business Days Prior to the relevant 
[Instalment Date,] Early Redemption Date or the 
Redemption Date, as the case may be.]] 
(b) 
[Index Linked Security: 
(If both interest or redemption items below are not 
applicable, delete this entire paragraph 26(b). If 
only one applies, please select relevant interest or 
redemption items below) 
[Index Linked [Interest] [and] [Redemption] 
Security: Applicable in accordance with Annex 1, 
Chapter 2][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Single Underlying: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this subparagraph) 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes 
of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]]

--- Page 181 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
181 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
− 
Index: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Custom Index: 
[Yes][No] 
 
− 
Exchange: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Multiple Exchange: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Index Sponsor: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Related Exchange: 
[●] [All Exchanges] [Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Valuation Time: 
[Closing][Intraday][●] 
 
− 
Bloomberg Ticker: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this subparagraph) 
 
− 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[i] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity 
Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate 
Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Share Linked Security"] [and] ["Fund 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked Security"] 
for 
details 
of 
other 
Multi-Asset 
Basket 
Components)]] 
 
− 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
(All 
Indices 
Basis)][Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis)] 
 
− 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day 
(All 
Indices 
Basis)][Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis)] 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes 
of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]]

--- Page 182 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
182 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Index: 
Custom 
Index: 
Exchange: 
Multiple 
Exchange: 
Index 
Sponsor: 
Related 
Exchange: 
Valuation 
Time: 
Bloomberg 
Ticker: 
[1] 
[●] 
[Yes][No] 
[●] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
[All 
Exchanges] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Closing] 
[Intraday] 
[●] 
[●][Not 
Applicable] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as required) 
(Add 
rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
 
 
− 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[j] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] [["Commodity 
Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate 
Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Share Linked Security"] [and] ["Fund 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked Security"] 
for 
details 
of 
other 
Multi-Asset 
Basket 
Components)]] 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes 
of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Index: 
Custom 
Index: 
Exchange: 
Multiple 
Exchange: 
Index 
Sponsor: 
Related 
Exchange: 
Valuation 
Time: 
Bloomberg 
Ticker: 
[1] 
[●] 
[Yes][No] 
[●] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[●][Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
[All 
Exchanges] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Closing] 
[Intraday] 
[●] 
[●][Not 
Applicable] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
− 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[k] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity 
Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate

--- Page 183 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
183 
Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Share Linked Security"] [and] ["Fund 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked Security"] 
for 
details 
of 
other 
Multi-Asset 
Basket 
Components)]]  
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes 
of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Index: 
Custom 
Index: 
Exchange: 
Multiple 
Exchange: 
Index 
Sponsor: 
Related 
Exchange: 
Valuation 
Time: 
Bloomberg 
Ticker: 
[1] 
[●] 
[Yes][No] 
[●] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[●][Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
[All 
Exchanges] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Closing] 
[Intraday] 
[●] 
[●][Not 
Applicable] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
(iii) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with Index Linked 
Asset Condition 3.4][Not Applicable] 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable] 
(Note that Increased Cost of Hedging will not be 
applicable to Italian Listed Securities) 
[Dividend Disruption] 
 
(iv) 
Other Events: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Averaging Date Disruption: 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention 
applicable to the Observation Date(s)) 
 
(vii) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[●][Eight 
(8) 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Days][[●] Scheduled Trading Days]

--- Page 184 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
184 
 
(viii) 
Payment Extension Days: 
[●] (If nothing is specified the default is two (2) 
Payment Business Days) 
 
(ix) 
Clearance System: 
[●][As specified in Index Linked Asset 
Condition 2]] 
(c) 
[FX Linked Security: 
(If both interest or redemption items below are 
not applicable, delete this entire paragraph 
26(c). If only one applies, please select relevant 
interest or redemption items below) 
[FX Linked [Interest] [and] [Redemption] 
Security: Applicable in accordance with 
Annex 1, Chapter 3][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(i) 
Single Underlying: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this subparagraph) 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name 
of Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert 
name of Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
− 
FX Rate: 
[Cross Rate Methodology is not applicable. 
[●][Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination] 
[BRL/JPY Rate] [BRL/USD Rate] [BRL/EUR 
Rate]] 
[Cross 
Rate 
Methodology 
and 
[Multiplied][Divided] are applicable: the Cross 
Currency is [●], the First FX Element is [●] and 
the Second FX Element is [●]. 
[●][Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination]] 
 
− 
FX Price Source: 
[Applicable: [●]][Not Applicable as Calculation 
Agent FX Rate Determination applies][Not 
Applicable as [BRL/JPY Rate][BRL/USD Rate] 
[BRL/EUR Rate] applies]

--- Page 185 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
185 
[With respect to the First FX Element: 
[Applicable: [●]][Not Applicable as Calculation 
Agent FX Rate Determination applies] 
With respect to the Second FX Element: 
[Applicable: [●]][Not Applicable as Calculation 
Agent FX Rate Determination applies]] 
 
− 
Specified Rate: 
[Offer Price][Bid Price][Mid Price] [As per FX 
Linked Asset Condition 2] [Not applicable as 
Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination 
applies] 
[With respect to the First FX Element: [Offer 
Price][Bid Price][Mid Price][Not applicable as 
Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination 
applies] 
With respect to the Second FX Element: [Offer 
Price][Bid Price][Mid Price][Not applicable as 
Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination 
applies]] 
(For each of the above, "Mid Price" will apply 
if "As per FX Linked Asset Condition 2" is 
selected) 
 
− 
BRL Valuation Date: 
(Delete if FX Rate is not 
BRL/JPY Rate, BRL/USD Rate 
or BRL/EUR Rate) 
[[●] BRL/JPY Business Days prior to the 
[Interest Payment Date] [● specify other 
payment date)][[●] BRL/USD Business Days 
prior to the [Interest Payment Date] [● specify 
other payment date)] [[●] BRL/EUR Business 
Days prior to the [Interest Payment Date] [● 
specify other payment date)]][Not Specified] 
 
− 
BRL/JPY Business Days: 
(Delete if FX Rate is not 
BRL/JPY Rate) 
[[●] is an additional financial centre for the 
purposes of the definition of "BRL/JPY 
Business Days"][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
BRL/USD Business Days: 
(Delete if FX Rate is not 
BRL/USD Rate) 
[[●] is an additional financial centre for the 
purposes of the definition of "BRL/USD 
Business Days"][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
BRL/EUR Business Days: 
(Delete if FX Rate is not 
BRL/EUR Rate) 
[[●] is an additional financial centre for the 
purposes of the definition of "BRL/EUR 
Business Days"][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
BRL Latest Postponement Date: 
(Delete if FX Rate is not 
BRL/JPY Rate, BRL/USD Rate 
or BRL/EUR Rate) 
[[●] FX Business Days] [As per FX Linked 
Asset Condition 6] 
 
− 
Reference Currency: 
[●] 
 
− 
Base Currency: 
[●] 
 
− 
Valuation Time: 
[Closing][●][Intraday]

--- Page 186 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
186 
[With respect to the First FX Element: 
[Closing][●][Intraday] 
With respect to the Second FX Element: 
[Closing][●][Intraday]] 
(Specify as per Asset Conditions) 
 
− 
Market Disruption Events: 
[Not Applicable] 
[All Market Disruption Events listed in 
Annex 1, Chapter 3 are applicable.] 
(If only one or some of the Market Disruption 
Events listed in Annex 1, Chapter 3 are 
applicable, delete the above paragraphs and 
specify below which Market Disruption Events 
apply)  
[The following Market Disruption Event[s] [is] 
[are] 
applicable: 
(specify 
which 
Market 
Disruption Event(s) appl(ies)(y)) [Benchmark 
Obligation 
Default][Dual 
Exchange 
Rate][General Inconvertibility][General Non-
Transferability][Governmental 
Authority 
Default][Illiquidity][Material 
Change 
in 
Circumstances][Nationalisation][Price 
Materiality][Price Source Disruption][Specific 
Inconvertibility][Specific Non-Transferability]] 
 
− 
Unscheduled Holiday Deferral: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Benchmark Obligation Default: 
(Delete this row and remaining subparagraph 
below if Benchmark Obligation Default is not 
applicable) 
 
− 
Benchmark 
Obligation(s): 
[●] (Insert relevant Benchmark Obligation)] 
 
− 
Illiquidity: 
(Delete this row and remaining subparagraphs 
below if Illiquidity is not applicable) 
 
− 
Minimum Amount: 
[●][Not specified] 
(The Calculation Agent will determine the 
Minimum Amount on the Illiquidity Valuation 
Date if it is not specified) 
 
− 
Illiquidity 
Valuation 
Date: 
[●][Not specified] 
(If the Illiquidity Valuation Date is not specified, 
the Illiquidity Valuation Date will be the 
relevant Observation Date) 
 
− 
Price Materiality: 
(Delete this row and remaining subparagraphs 
below if Price Materiality is not applicable) 
 
− 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
[●]

--- Page 187 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
187 
 
− 
Primary Rate: 
[●] 
 
− 
Secondary Rate: 
[●][As per FX Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
− 
Specific Inconvertibility 
(Delete 
this 
row 
and 
the 
following 
subparagraph if Specific Inconvertibility is not 
applicable) 
 
− 
Minimum Amount 
[●][Not specified] 
(If the Minimum Amount is not specified, the 
Minimum Amount will be the Event Currency 
Equivalent of U.S.$1.00) 
 
− 
Event Currency(ies) and Non 
Event Currency(ies): 
Event 
Currenc[y][ies] 
[is][are] 
[●(Insert 
relevant Event Currency)][not specified]. 
Non Event Currenc[y][ies] [is][are]: [●(Insert 
relevant Non Event Currency(ies) for each 
Event Currency)] in respect of [●(Insert 
relevant Event Currency)] 
(If an Event Currency is not specified, the Event 
Currency will be the Reference Currency) 
(Event Currency is an election for the Market 
Disruption Events of General Inconvertibility, 
General Non-Transferability, Material Change 
in Circumstances, Nationalisation, Specific 
Inconvertibility 
and 
Specific 
Non-
Transferability. If all of these Market Disruption 
Events are specified as not applicable above, 
delete row) 
 
− 
Successor Currency: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
JPY Price Source Disruption: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
− 
JPY Relevant Page: 
[●] 
 
− 
JPY Fallback Page1: 
[●] 
 
− 
JPY Fallback Page2: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this subparagraph) 
 
− 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[i] 
[(Please 
also 
refer 
to 
paragraph[s] 
["Commodity Linked Security"] [and] ["Index 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Inflation Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Rate Linked Security"] [and] 
["ETF Linked Security"] [and] ["Share Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and]

--- Page 188 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
188 
["Future Linked Security"] for details of other 
Multi-Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name 
of Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert 
name of Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
FX Rate(s): 
FX Price Source: 
Specified Rate: 
BRL 
Valuation 
Date: 
BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days: 
BRL/USD 
Business 
Days: 
BRL/EUR 
Business 
Days: 
BRL 
Latest 
Postponement 
Date: 
[1] 
[Cross 
Rate 
Methodology 
is 
not applicable. 
[●] 
[Calculation 
Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination][B
RL/JPY 
Rate] 
[BRL/USD Rate] 
[BRL/EUR Rate]] 
[Cross 
Rate 
Methodology and 
[Multiplied] 
[Divided] 
are 
applicable: 
the 
Cross Currency is 
[●], the First FX 
Element is [●] and 
the 
Second 
FX 
Element is [●]. 
[●] 
[Calculation 
Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination]] 
[Applicable: [●]][Not 
Applicable 
as 
Calculation Agent FX 
Rate 
Determination 
applies][Not 
Applicable 
as 
[BRL/JPY 
Rate] 
[BRL/USD 
Rate] 
[BRL/EUR 
Rate] 
applies] 
[With respect to the 
First FX Element: 
[Applicable: [●]][Not 
Applicable 
as 
Calculation Agent FX 
Rate 
Determination 
applies] 
With respect to the 
Second FX Element: 
[Applicable: [●]][Not 
Applicable 
as 
Calculation Agent FX 
Rate 
Determination 
applies]] 
[Offer 
Price][Bid 
Price] [Mid Price] 
[As per FX Linked 
Asset Condition 2] 
[Not applicable as 
Calculation Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination 
applies] 
[With respect to the 
First FX Element: 
[Offer 
Price][Bid 
Price][Mid 
Price] 
[As per FX Linked 
Asset Condition 2] 
[Not applicable as 
Calculation Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination 
applies] 
With respect to the 
Second 
FX 
Element: 
[Offer 
Price][Bid 
Price][Mid 
Price] 
[As per FX Linked 
Asset Condition 2] 
[Not applicable as 
Calculation Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination 
applies]] 
(For each of the 
above, "Mid Price" 
will apply if "As per 
FX Linked Asset 
Condition 
2" 
is 
selected) 
[[●] 
BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest Payment 
Date] [● specify 
other 
payment 
date)][[●] 
BRL/USD 
Business 
Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest Payment 
Date] [● specify 
other 
payment 
date)] 
[[●] 
BRL/EUR 
Business 
Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest Payment 
Date] [● specify 
other 
payment 
date)]] 
[Not 
Specified] 
[[●] 
is 
an 
additional 
financial 
centre for the 
purposes of 
the definition 
of "BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days"] [Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] 
is 
an 
additional 
financial 
centre for the 
purposes 
of 
the definition 
of 
"BRL/USD 
Business 
Days"] [Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] is an 
additional 
financial 
centre for the 
purposes 
of 
the definition 
of 
"BRL/EUR 
Business 
Days"] [Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] 
FX 
Business 
Days] [As per 
FX 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 6] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially
) 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
Reference 
Currency: 
Base 
Currency: 
Valuation 
Time: 
Market Disruption Events: 
Unscheduled 
Holiday 
Deferral: 
Benchmark 
Obligation(s): 
Minimum 
Amount: 
Illiquidity 
Valuation 
Date: 
Minimum Amount: 
(for 
Specific 
Inconvertibility)

--- Page 189 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
189 
[●] 
[●] 
[Closing] 
[●] 
[Intraday] 
[With respect 
to the First FX 
Element: 
[Closing] 
[●] 
[Intraday] 
With respect to 
the Second FX 
Element: 
[Closing] 
[●] 
[Intraday]] 
(Specify as per 
Asset 
Conditions) 
[Not Applicable] 
[All Market Disruption 
Events listed in Annex 1, 
Chapter 3 are applicable.] 
(If only one or some of the 
Market Disruption Events 
listed in Annex 1, Chapter 
3 are applicable, delete the 
above 
paragraphs 
and 
specify 
below 
which 
Market Disruption Events 
apply)  
[The following 
Market 
Disruption Event[s] [is] 
[are] applicable: (specify 
which Market Disruption 
Event(s) 
appl(ies)(y)) 
[Benchmark 
Obligation 
Default][Dual 
Exchange 
Rate][General 
Inconvertibility][General 
Non-
Transferability][Governm
ental 
Authority 
Default][Illiquidity][Mater
ial 
Change 
in 
Circumstances][Nationalis
ation][Price 
Materiality][Price Source 
Disruption][Specific 
Inconvertibility][Specific 
Non-Transferability]] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
[●][Not 
specified] 
[●][Not 
specified] 
[●][Not 
specified] 
(If the Minimum 
Amount 
is 
not 
specified, 
the 
Minimum Amount 
will be the Event 
Currency 
Equivalent 
of 
U.S.$1.00) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
Primary Rate: 
Secondary 
Rate: 
Event Currency(ies) and Non 
Event Currency(ies): 
Successor 
Currency: 
JPY 
Price 
Source 
Disruption: 
JPY Relevant 
Page: 
JPY Fallback 
Page1: 
JPY 
Fallback 
Page2: 
[●] 
[●] 
[●][As 
per 
FX 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
Event 
Currenc[y][ies] 
[is][are] [● (Insert relevant 
Event 
Currency)][not 
specified]. 
Non Event Currenc[y][ies] 
[is][are]: [● (Insert relevant 
Non Event Currency(ies) for 
each Event Currency)] in 
respect of [● (Insert relevant 
Event Currency)] 
(If an Event Currency is not 
specified, the Event Currency 
will 
be 
the 
Reference 
Currency) 
(Event 
Currency 
is 
an 
election 
for 
the 
Market 
Disruption Events of General 
Inconvertibility, 
General 
Non-Transferability, 
Material 
Change 
in 
Circumstances, 
Nationalisation, 
Specific 
Inconvertibility and Specific 
Non-Transferability. If all of 
these 
Market 
Disruption 
Events are specified as not 
applicable 
above, 
delete 
column) 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
− 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[j] 
[(Please 
also 
refer 
to 
paragraph[s] 
["Commodity Linked Security"] [and] ["Index 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Inflation Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Rate Linked Security"] [and] 
["ETF Linked Security"] [and] ["Share Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and] 
["Future Linked Security"] for details of other 
Multi-Asset Basket Components)]]

--- Page 190 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
190 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert 
name of Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
FX Rate(s): 
FX Price Source: 
Specified Rate: 
BRL 
Valuation 
Date: 
BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days: 
BRL/USD 
Business 
Days: 
BRL/EUR 
Business 
Days: 
BRL 
Latest 
Postponement 
Date: 
[1] 
[Cross 
Rate 
Methodology 
is 
not applicable. 
[●] 
[Calculation 
Agent FX Rate 
Determination][B
RL/JPY 
Rate] 
[BRL/USD Rate] 
[BRL/EUR Rate]] 
[Cross 
Rate 
Methodology and 
[Multiplied] 
[Divided] 
are 
applicable: 
the 
Cross Currency is 
[●], the First FX 
Element is [●] and 
the 
Second 
FX 
Element is [●]. 
[●] 
[Calculation 
Agent FX Rate 
Determination]] 
[Applicable: 
[●]][Not Applicable 
as Calculation Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination 
applies][Not 
Applicable 
as 
[BRL/JPY 
Rate] 
[BRL/USD 
Rate] 
[BRL/EUR 
Rate] 
applies] 
[With respect to the 
First FX Element: 
[Applicable: 
[●]][Not Applicable 
as Calculation Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination 
applies] 
With respect to the 
Second FX Element: 
[Applicable: 
[●]][Not Applicable 
as Calculation Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination 
applies]] 
[Offer 
Price][Bid 
Price][Mid 
Price] 
[As per FX Linked 
Asset Condition 2] 
[Not applicable as 
Calculation Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination 
applies] 
[With respect to the 
First FX Element: 
[Offer 
Price][Bid 
Price][Mid 
Price] 
[As per FX Linked 
Asset Condition 2] 
[Not applicable as 
Calculation Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination 
applies] 
With respect to the 
Second 
FX 
Element: 
[Offer 
Price][Bid 
Price][Mid 
Price] 
[As per FX Linked 
Asset Condition 2] 
[Not applicable as 
Calculation Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination 
applies]] 
(For each of the 
above, "Mid Price" 
will apply if "As per 
FX Linked Asset 
Condition 
2" 
is 
selected) 
[[●] 
BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest Payment 
Date] [● (specify 
other 
payment 
date)][[●] 
BRL/USD 
Business 
Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest Payment 
Date] [● (specify 
other 
payment 
date)] 
[[●] 
BRL/EUR 
Business 
Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest Payment 
Date] [● (specify 
other 
payment 
date)]] 
[Not 
Specified] 
[[●] is an 
additional 
financial 
centre for the 
purposes of 
the 
definition of 
"BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days"] [Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] 
is 
an 
additional 
financial 
centre for the 
purposes 
of 
the definition 
of 
"BRL/USD 
Business 
Days"][Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] is an 
additional 
financial 
centre for the 
purposes of 
the definition 
of 
"BRL/EUR 
Business 
Days"] [Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] 
FX 
Business 
Days] [As per 
FX 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 6] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially
) 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
Reference 
Currency: 
Base 
Currency: 
Valuation 
Time: 
Market Disruption Events: 
Unscheduled 
Holiday 
Deferral: 
Benchmark 
Obligation(s): 
Minimum 
Amount: 
Illiquidity 
Valuation 
Date: 
Minimum Amount: 
(for 
Specific 
Inconvertibility) 
[●] 
[●] 
[Closing] 
[●] 
[Intraday] 
[With respect 
to the First FX 
Element: 
[Not Applicable] 
[All Market Disruption 
Events listed in Annex 1, 
Chapter 3 are applicable.] 
(If only one or some of the 
Market Disruption Events 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
[●][Not 
specified] 
[●][Not 
specified] 
[●][Not 
specified] 
(If the Minimum 
Amount 
is 
not 
specified, 
the 
Minimum Amount 
will be the Event

--- Page 191 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
191 
[Closing] 
[●] 
[Intraday] 
With respect to 
the Second FX 
Element: 
[Closing] 
[●] 
[Intraday]] 
(Specify as per 
Asset 
Conditions) 
listed in Annex 1, Chapter 
3 are applicable, delete the 
above 
paragraphs 
and 
specify 
below 
which 
Market Disruption Events 
apply)  
[The following 
Market 
Disruption Event[s] [is] 
[are] applicable: (specify 
which Market Disruption 
Event(s) 
appl(ies)(y)) 
[Benchmark 
Obligation 
Default][Dual 
Exchange 
Rate][General 
Inconvertibility][General 
Non-
Transferability][Governm
ental 
Authority 
Default][Illiquidity][Mater
ial 
Change 
in 
Circumstances][Nationalis
ation][Price 
Materiality][Price Source 
Disruption][Specific 
Inconvertibility][Specific 
Non-Transferability]] 
Currency 
Equivalent 
of 
U.S.$1.00) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
Primary Rate: 
Secondary 
Rate: 
Event Currency(ies) and Non 
Event Currency(ies): 
Successor 
Currency: 
JPY 
Price 
Source 
Disruption: 
JPY Relevant 
Page: 
JPY Fallback 
Page1: 
JPY 
Fallback 
Page2: 
[●] 
[●] 
[●][As per FX 
Linked Asset 
Condition 2] 
Event 
Currenc[y][ies] 
[is][are] [● (Insert relevant 
Event 
Currency)][not 
specified]. 
Non Event Currenc[y][ies] 
[is][are]: [● (Insert relevant 
Non Event Currency(ies) for 
each Event Currency)] in 
respect of [● (Insert relevant 
Event Currency)] 
(If an Event Currency is not 
specified, the Event Currency 
will 
be 
the 
Reference 
Currency) 
(Event 
Currency 
is 
an 
election 
for 
the 
Market 
Disruption Events of General 
Inconvertibility, 
General 
Non-Transferability, 
Material 
Change 
in 
Circumstances, 
Nationalisation, 
Specific 
Inconvertibility and Specific 
Non-Transferability. If all of 
these 
Market 
Disruption 
Events are specified as not 
applicable 
above, 
delete 
column) 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
− 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[k] 
[(Please 
also 
refer 
to 
paragraph[s] 
["Commodity Linked Security"] [and] ["Index 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Inflation Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Rate Linked Security"] [and] 
["ETF Linked Security"] [and] ["Share Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and] 
["Future Linked Security"] for details of other 
Multi-Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]]

--- Page 192 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
192 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
FX Rate(s): 
FX Price Source: 
Specified Rate: 
BRL 
Valuation 
Date: 
BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days: 
BRL/USD 
Business 
Days: 
BRL/EUR 
Business 
Days: 
BRL 
Latest 
Postponement 
Date: 
[1] 
[Cross 
Rate 
Methodology 
is 
not applicable. 
[●] 
[Calculation 
Agent FX Rate 
Determination][B
RL/JPY 
Rate] 
[BRL/USD Rate] 
[BRL/EUR Rate]] 
[Cross 
Rate 
Methodology and 
[Multiplied] 
[Divided] 
are 
applicable: 
the 
Cross Currency is 
[●], the First FX 
Element is [●] and 
the 
Second 
FX 
Element is [●]. 
[●] 
[Calculation 
Agent FX Rate 
Determination]] 
[Applicable: 
[●]][Not Applicable 
as Calculation Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination 
applies][Not 
Applicable 
as 
[BRL/JPY 
Rate] 
[BRL/USD 
Rate] 
[BRL/EUR 
Rate] 
applies] 
[With respect to the 
First FX Element: 
[Applicable: 
[●]][Not Applicable 
as Calculation Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination 
applies] 
With respect to the 
Second FX Element: 
[Applicable: 
[●]][Not Applicable 
as Calculation Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination 
applies]] 
[Offer 
Price][Bid 
Price][Mid 
Price] 
[As per FX Linked 
Asset Condition 2] 
[Not applicable as 
Calculation Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination 
applies] 
[With respect to the 
First FX Element: 
[Offer 
Price][Bid 
Price][Mid 
Price] 
[As per FX Linked 
Asset Condition 2] 
[Not applicable as 
Calculation Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination 
applies] 
With respect to the 
Second 
FX 
Element: 
[Offer 
Price][Bid 
Price][Mid 
Price] 
[As per FX Linked 
Asset Condition 2] 
[Not applicable as 
Calculation Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination 
applies]] 
(For each of the 
above, "Mid Price" 
will apply if "As per 
FX Linked Asset 
Condition 
2" 
is 
selected) 
[[●] 
BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[● (specify other 
payment 
date)][[●] 
BRL/USD 
Business 
Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[● (specify other 
payment date)] [[
●] 
BRL/EUR 
Business 
Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest 
Payment Date] [
● (specify other 
payment date)]] 
[Not Specified] 
[[●] 
is 
an 
additional 
financial 
centre for the 
purposes of 
the definition 
of "BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days"] [Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] 
is 
an 
additional 
financial 
centre for the 
purposes 
of 
the definition 
of "BRL/USD 
Business 
Days"] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] is an 
additional 
financial 
centre for the 
purposes of 
the 
definition of 
"BRL/EUR 
Business 
Days"] [Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] 
FX 
Business 
Days] [As per 
FX 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 6] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially
) 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
Reference 
Currency: 
Base 
Currency: 
Valuation 
Time: 
Market Disruption Events: 
Unscheduled 
Holiday 
Deferral: 
Benchmark 
Obligation(s): 
Minimum 
Amount: 
Illiquidity 
Valuation 
Date: 
Minimum 
Amount: 
(for 
Specific 
Inconvertibility)

--- Page 193 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
193 
[●] 
[●] 
[Closing] [●] 
[Intraday] 
[With respect 
to the First FX 
Element: 
[Closing] [●] 
[Intraday] 
With respect to 
the Second FX 
Element: 
[Closing] [●] 
[Intraday]] 
(Specify as per 
Asset 
Conditions) 
[Not Applicable] 
[All 
Market 
Disruption 
Events listed in Annex 1, 
Chapter 3 are applicable.] 
(If only one or some of the 
Market Disruption Events 
listed in Annex 1, Chapter 3 
are applicable, delete the 
above 
paragraphs 
and 
specify below which Market 
Disruption Events apply)  
[The 
following 
Market 
Disruption Event[s] [is] [are] 
applicable: (specify which 
Market Disruption Event(s) 
appl(ies)(y)) 
[Benchmark 
Obligation 
Default][Dual 
Exchange 
Rate][General 
Inconvertibility][General 
Non-
Transferability][Government
al 
Authority 
Default][Illiquidity][Material 
Change 
in 
Circumstances][Nationalisati
on][Price Materiality][Price 
Source Disruption][Specific 
Inconvertibility][Specific 
Non-Transferability]] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
[●][Not 
specified] 
[●][Not 
specified] 
[●][Not 
specified] 
(If the Minimum 
Amount is not 
specified, 
the 
Minimum 
Amount will be 
the 
Event 
Currency 
Equivalent 
of 
U.S.$1.00) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage 
Primary Rate: 
Secondary 
Rate: 
Event Currency(ies) and Non 
Event Currency(ies): 
Successor 
Currency: 
JPY 
Price 
Source 
Disruption: 
JPY 
Relevant 
Page: 
JPY Fallback 
Page1: 
JPY 
Fallback 
Page2: 
[●] 
[●] 
[●][As 
per 
FX 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
Event 
Currenc[y][ies] 
[is][are] [● (Insert relevant 
Event 
Currency)][not 
specified]. 
Non Event Currenc[y][ies] 
[is][are]: [● (Insert relevant 
Non Event Currency(ies) for 
each Event Currency)] in 
respect of [● (Insert relevant 
Event Currency)] 
(If an Event Currency is not 
specified, the Event Currency 
will 
be 
the 
Reference 
Currency) 
(Event Currency is an election 
for the Market Disruption 
Events 
of 
General 
Inconvertibility, 
General 
Non-Transferability, Material 
Change in Circumstances, 
Nationalisation, 
Specific 
Inconvertibility and Specific 
Non-Transferability. If all of 
these 
Market 
Disruption 
Events are specified as not 
applicable 
above, 
delete 
column) 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
(As 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
(iii) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with FX Linked Asset 
Condition 4.1][Not Applicable]  
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable] 
(Note that Increased Cost of Hedging will not be 
applicable to Italian Listed Securities)

--- Page 194 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
194 
 
(iv) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention 
applicable to the Observation Date(s)) 
 
(v) 
Averaging Date Disruption: 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[Five (5) FX Business Days][Fourteen (14) FX 
Business Days][Thirty (30) FX Business 
Days][[●] FX Business Days] 
 
(vii) 
Payment Extension Days: 
[●] (If nothing is specified the default is two (2) 
Payment Business Days)] 
(d) 
[Inflation Linked Security: 
(If both interest or redemption items below are 
not applicable, delete this entire paragraph 
26(d). If only one applies, please select relevant 
interest or redemption items below) 
[Inflation Linked [Interest] [and] [Redemption] 
Security: 
Applicable 
in 
accordance 
with 
Annex 1, Chapter 4][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Single Underlying: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this subparagraph) 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert 
name of Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
− 
Inflation Index: 
[●] 
 
− 
Inflation Index Sponsor: 
[●] 
 
− 
Related Bond: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, default Related Bond is the 
Fallback Bond) 
 
− 
Daily Inflation Rate  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, the Secondary Lag will not be 
applicable)

--- Page 195 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
195 
 
− 
Primary Lag 
[•] [Three Months]  
(If not specified and the Daily Inflation Rate is 
applicable, the default is three months) 
 
− 
Secondary Lag 
[•] [Two Months] [Not Applicable]  
(If not specified and the Daily Inflation Rate is 
applicable, the default is two months. If Daily 
Inflation Rate is not applicable, this should be 
not applicable.) 
 
(ii) 
[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this subparagraph) 
 
− 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[i] 
[(Please 
also 
refer 
to 
paragraph[s] 
["Commodity Linked Security"] [and] ["Index 
Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Rate Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF 
Linked 
Security"] 
[and] 
["Share 
Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and] 
["Future Linked Security"] for details of other 
Multi-Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert 
name of Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Inflation 
Index: 
Inflation 
Index 
Sponsor: 
Related 
Bond: 
Daily 
Inflation 
Rate: 
Primary Lag: 
Secondary 
Lag: 
[1] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
default 
Related Bond 
is 
the 
[Applicable][
Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
the 
Secondary 
Lag will not 
[•] 
[Three 
Months]  
(If 
not 
specified and 
the 
Daily 
Inflation Rate 
is applicable, 
[•] 
[Two 
Months] [Not 
Applicable]  
(If 
not 
specified and 
the 
Daily 
Inflation Rate 
is applicable,

--- Page 196 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
196 
Fallback 
Bond) 
be 
applicable)  
 
the default is 
three months) 
 
the default is 
two months. 
If 
Daily 
Inflation Rate 
is 
not 
applicable, 
this should be 
not 
applicable.) 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
− 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[j] 
[(Please 
also 
refer 
to 
paragraph[s] 
["Commodity Linked Security"] [and] ["Index 
Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Rate Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF 
Linked 
Security"] 
[and] 
["Share 
Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and] 
["Future Linked Security"] for details of other 
Multi-Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert 
name of Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
 
Underlying: 
Inflation 
Index: 
Inflation 
Index 
Sponsor: 
Related 
Bond: 
Daily 
Inflation 
Rate: 
Primary Lag: 
Secondary 
Lag: 
[1] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
default 
Related 
Bond is the 
[Applicable]
[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
the 
Secondary 
[•] 
[Three 
Months]  
(If 
not 
specified and 
the 
Daily 
Inflation 
Rate 
is 
[•] 
[Two 
Months] 
[Not 
Applicable]  
(If 
not 
specified and 
the 
Daily

--- Page 197 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
197 
Fallback 
Bond) 
Lag will not 
be 
applicable)  
 
applicable, 
the default is 
three 
months) 
 
Inflation 
Rate 
is 
applicable, 
the default is 
two months. 
If 
Daily 
Inflation 
Rate is not 
applicable, 
this 
should 
be 
not 
applicable.) 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
− 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[k] 
[(Please 
also 
refer 
to 
paragraph[s] 
["Commodity Linked Security"] [and] ["Index 
Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Rate Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF 
Linked 
Security"] 
[and] 
["Share 
Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and] 
["Future Linked Security"] for details of other 
Multi-Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert 
name of Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Inflation 
Index: 
Inflation 
Index 
Sponsor: 
Related 
Bond: 
Daily 
Inflation 
Rate: 
Primary Lag: 
Secondary 
Lag: 
[1] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
default 
[Applicable]
[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
[•] 
[Three 
Months]  
(If 
not 
specified and 
the 
Daily 
[•] 
[Two 
Months] 
[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 198 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
198 
Related 
Bond is the 
Fallback 
Bond) 
the 
Secondary 
Lag will not 
be 
applicable)  
 
Inflation 
Rate 
is 
applicable, 
the default is 
three 
months) 
 
(If 
not 
specified and 
the 
Daily 
Inflation 
Rate 
is 
applicable, 
the default is 
two months. 
If 
Daily 
Inflation 
Rate is not 
applicable, 
this 
should 
be 
not 
applicable.) 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
(iii) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with Inflation Linked 
Asset Condition 2.6][Not Applicable] 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable] 
(Note that Increased Cost of Hedging will not be 
applicable to Italian Listed Securities) 
 
(iv) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention 
applicable to the Observation Date(s))] 
(e) 
[Rate Linked Security: 
(If both interest or redemption items below are 
not applicable, delete this entire paragraph 
26(e). If only one applies, please select relevant 
interest or redemption items below) 
[Rate Linked [Interest] [and] [Redemption] 
Security: 
Applicable 
in 
accordance 
with 
Annex 1, Chapter 5][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Single Underlying: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this subparagraph) 
 
(A) 
Applicable for the purposes 
of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]]

--- Page 199 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
199 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert 
name of Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
(B) 
Benchmark Rate: 
[●] 
(insert 
relevant 
designated 
period) 
[EURIBOR][SHIBOR][●] 
 
(C) 
Determination 
of 
Benchmark Rate Level: 
[ISDA 
Determination][Screen 
Rate 
Determination] 
 
(D) 
[Linear Interpolation: 
(Specify which, if any, Interest Accrual Periods 
will be subject to Linear Interpolation)] 
(Only applicable for Rate Linked Interest 
Security, otherwise delete row) 
 
(E) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●][Not Applicable] (In the case of EURIBOR, if 
not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page 
which shows a composite rate, in the case of 
SHIBOR, http://www.shibor.org) 
 
(II) 
Relevant Screen Page 
Time: 
[●] [Not Applicable] [11.00 a.m.] [(Brussels 
time) (in the case of EURIBOR)] 
 
(III) 
Relevant 
Inter-Bank 
Market: 
[●][As specified in Annex 1, Chapter 5]  
(If market is not specified it will be the EURO-
zone inter-bank market in the case of EURIBOR) 
 
(IV) 
Reference Banks: 
[Applicable [●]][Not Specified] 
(Four Reference Banks should be specified, 
unless "Not Specified" is selected, in which case 
the Calculation Agent is obliged to select the 
relevant Reference Banks) 
 
(F) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(I) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
(II) 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option 
is not an overnight rate) 
 
 
[Applies to: [All Interest Accrual Periods][The 
following Interest Accrual Periods: [●]] 
(If specified Designated Maturity applies to some 
Interest Accrual Periods only, repeat on 
subsequent rows until all relevant Interest 
Accrual Periods are provided for)]

--- Page 200 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
200 
 
 
(Only applicable for Rate Linked Interest 
Security) 
 
(III) 
Reset Date: 
[(In the case of Rate Linked Redemption 
Security:) [●][Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[(In the case of Rate Linked Interest Security:) 
[●][First day of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period (Standard wording if Floating Rate 
Option is based on EURIBOR)][Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option 
is not an overnight rate, otherwise the Reset Date 
is set as the last day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period) 
 
(IV) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option 
is an overnight rate) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(1) 
OIS 
Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(2) 
Compounding 
with Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the 
default value will be five (5)) 
 
(3) 
Compounding 
with Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the 
default value will be five (5)) 
 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Day: [●]] 
 
 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(4) 
Compounding 
with Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the 
default value will be five (5))

--- Page 201 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
201 
 
 
[Lockout Period Business Day: [●]] 
 
(V) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option 
is an overnight rate) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(1) 
Overnight 
Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(2) 
Averaging 
with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the 
default value will be five (5)) 
 
(3) 
Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the 
default value will be five (5)) 
 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Day: [●]] 
 
 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(4) 
Averaging 
with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the 
default value will be five (5)) 
 
 
[Lockout Period Business Day: [●]] 
 
(VI) 
Daily Capped Rate: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option 
is an overnight rate and Compounding or 
Averaging is applicable) 
 
(VII) Daily Floored Rate: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option 
is an overnight rate and Compounding or 
Averaging is applicable)

--- Page 202 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
202 
 
(VIII) Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Number of days: [●] 
(If no number is specified, the default value will 
be five (5)) 
 
(ii) [Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this subparagraph) 
 
(A) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[i] 
[(Please 
also 
refer 
to 
paragraph[s] 
["Commodity Linked Security"] [and] ["Index 
Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF 
Linked 
Security"] 
[and] 
["Share 
Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and] 
["Future Linked Security"] for details of other 
Multi-Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(B) 
Applicable for the purposes 
of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert 
name of Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
Underlying: 
Benchmark Rate: 
Determination of 
Benchmark Rate 
Level: 
Relevant Screen Page: 
Relevant Screen Page Time: 
Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
Reference Banks: 
[1] 
[●] (insert relevant 
designated 
period)  
[EURIBOR] 
[SHIBOR][●] 
[ISDA 
Determination] 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination] 
[●][Not Applicable]  
(In the case of EURIBOR, if 
not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which 
shows a composite rate, in 
the 
case 
of 
SHIBOR, 
http://www.shibor.org) 
[●][Not Applicable] [11.00 
a.m.] [(Brussels time) (in the 
case of EURIBOR)] 
[●][As specified in Annex 1, 
Chapter 5] 
(If market is not specified it 
will be the EURO-zone inter-
bank market in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
 
[Applicable 
[●]] 
[Not 
Specified] 
(Four Reference Banks 
should be specified, unless 
"Not Specified" is selected, 
in 
which 
case 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
is 
obliged 
to 
select 
the 
relevant Reference Banks) 
((Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
 
[ISDA Determination]

--- Page 203 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
203 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
Designated 
Maturity: 
Reset Date: 
Compounding: 
OIS 
Compounding: 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback: 
Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
Compounding 
with 
Lockout: 
[●] 
[●] 
(Only 
applicable 
where the Floating 
Rate Option is not an 
overnight rate) 
[Applies 
to: 
[All 
Interest 
Accrual 
Periods] 
[The 
following 
Interest 
Accrual 
Periods: 
[●]] 
(If 
specified 
Designated Maturity 
applies 
to 
some 
Interest 
Accrual 
Periods only, repeat 
on subsequent rows 
until 
all 
relevant 
Interest 
Accrual 
Periods 
are 
provided for)] 
(Only applicable for 
Rate Linked Interest 
Security) 
[(In the case of Rate 
Linked Redemption 
Security:) 
[●][Not 
Applicable]] 
[(In the case of Rate 
Linked 
Interest 
Security:) [●] [First 
day of the relevant 
Interest 
Accrual 
Period 
(Standard 
wording if Floating 
Rate Option is based 
on EURIBOR)] [Not 
Applicable]] 
(Only 
applicable 
where the Floating 
Rate Option is not an 
overnight 
rate, 
otherwise the Reset 
Date is set as the last 
day of the relevant 
Interest 
Accrual 
Period) 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
where the Floating 
Rate Option is an 
overnight rate) 
[Applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lookback: [●]  
(If no number is specified, , 
and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating 
Rate Option, the default value 
will be five (5)) 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: [●]  
(If 
no 
number 
is 
specified and there is 
no default applicable to 
the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, 
the 
default 
value will be five (5)) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Day: [●]] 
Set 
in 
Advance: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Lockout: [●]  
(If 
no 
number 
is 
specified, , and there is 
no default applicable to 
the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, 
the 
default 
value will be five (5)) 
[Lockout 
Period 
Business Day: [●]] 
(Add rows 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
 
[ISDA Determination] 
Averaging: 
Overnight 
Averaging: 
Averaging 
with 
Lookback: 
Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
Averaging 
with 
Lockout: 
Daily Capped Rate: 
Daily Floored Rate: 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
where the Floating 
Rate Option is an 
overnight rate) 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Lookback: [●]  
(If no number is 
specified, , and there 
is 
no 
default 
applicable 
to 
the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: [●]  
(If 
no 
number 
is 
specified and there is 
no default applicable to 
the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, 
the 
default 
value will be five (5)) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Day: [●]] 
Set 
in 
Advance: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Lockout: [●]  
(If 
no 
number 
is 
specified, , and there is 
no default applicable to 
the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, 
the 
default 
value will be five (5)) 
[Lockout 
Period 
Business Day: [●]] 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
where the Floating 
Rate Option is an 
overnight rate and 
Compounding 
or 
Averaging 
is 
applicable) 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
where the Floating 
Rate Option is an 
overnight rate and 
Compounding 
or 
Averaging 
is 
applicable) 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Number of days: [●]  
(If no number is 
specified, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
 
(C) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[j] 
[(Please 
also 
refer 
to 
paragraph[s] 
["Commodity Linked Security"] [and] ["Index 
Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF 
Linked 
Security"] 
[and] 
["Share 
Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and] 
["Future Linked Security"] for details of other 
Multi-Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(D) 
Applicable for the purposes 
of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]]

--- Page 204 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
204 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert 
name of Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
Underlying: 
Benchmark Rate: 
Determination of 
Benchmark Rate 
Level: 
Relevant Screen Page: 
Relevant Screen Page Time: 
Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
Reference Banks: 
[1] 
[●] (insert relevant 
designated 
period)  
[EURIBOR] 
[SHIBOR][●] 
[ISDA 
Determination] 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination] 
[●][Not Applicable]  
(In the case of EURIBOR, if 
not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which 
shows a composite rate, in 
the 
case 
of 
SHIBOR, 
http://www.shibor.org) 
[●][Not Applicable] [11.00 
a.m.] [(Brussels time) (in the 
case of EURIBOR)] 
[●][As specified in Annex 1, 
Chapter 5] 
(If market is not specified it 
will be the EURO-zone inter-
bank market in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
 
[Applicable 
[●]] 
[Not 
Specified] 
(Four Reference Banks 
should be specified, unless 
"Not Specified" is selected, 
in 
which 
case 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
is 
obliged 
to 
select 
the 
relevant Reference Banks) 
((Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
 
[ISDA Determination] 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
Designated 
Maturity: 
Reset Date: 
Compounding: 
OIS 
Compounding: 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback: 
Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
Compounding 
with 
Lockout: 
[●] 
[●] 
(Only 
applicable 
where the Floating 
Rate Option is not an 
overnight rate) 
[Applies 
to: 
[All 
Interest 
Accrual 
Periods] 
[The 
following 
Interest 
Accrual 
Periods: 
[●]] 
(If 
specified 
Designated Maturity 
applies 
to 
some 
Interest 
Accrual 
Periods only, repeat 
on subsequent rows 
until 
all 
relevant 
Interest 
Accrual 
Periods 
are 
provided for)] 
(Only applicable for 
Rate Linked Interest 
Security) 
[(In the case of Rate 
Linked Redemption 
Security:) 
[●][Not 
Applicable]] 
[(In the case of Rate 
Linked 
Interest 
Security:) [●] [First 
day of the relevant 
Interest 
Accrual 
Period 
(Standard 
wording if Floating 
Rate Option is based 
on EURIBOR)] [Not 
Applicable]] 
(Only 
applicable 
where the Floating 
Rate Option is not an 
overnight 
rate, 
otherwise the Reset 
Date is set as the last 
day of the relevant 
Interest 
Accrual 
Period) 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
where the Floating 
Rate Option is an 
overnight rate) 
[Applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lookback: [●]  
(If no number is specified, , 
and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating 
Rate Option, the default value 
will be five (5)) 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: [●]  
(If 
no 
number 
is 
specified and there is 
no default applicable to 
the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, 
the 
default 
value will be five (5)) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Day: [●]] 
Set 
in 
Advance: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Lockout: [●]  
(If 
no 
number 
is 
specified, , and there is 
no default applicable to 
the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, 
the 
default 
value will be five (5)) 
[Lockout 
Period 
Business Day: [●]] 
(Add rows 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
 
[ISDA Determination]

--- Page 205 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
205 
Averaging: 
Overnight 
Averaging: 
Averaging 
with 
Lookback: 
Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
Averaging 
with 
Lockout: 
Daily Capped Rate: 
Daily Floored Rate: 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
where the Floating 
Rate Option is an 
overnight rate) 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Lookback: [●]  
(If no number is 
specified, , and there 
is 
no 
default 
applicable 
to 
the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: [●]  
(If 
no 
number 
is 
specified and there is 
no default applicable to 
the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, 
the 
default 
value will be five (5)) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Day: [●]] 
Set 
in 
Advance: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Lockout: [●]  
(If 
no 
number 
is 
specified, , and there is 
no default applicable to 
the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, 
the 
default 
value will be five (5)) 
[Lockout 
Period 
Business Day: [●]] 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
where the Floating 
Rate Option is an 
overnight rate and 
Compounding 
or 
Averaging 
is 
applicable) 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
where the Floating 
Rate Option is an 
overnight rate and 
Compounding 
or 
Averaging 
is 
applicable) 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Number of days: [●]  
(If no number is 
specified, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
 
(E) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[k] 
[(Please 
also 
refer 
to 
paragraph[s] 
["Commodity Linked Security"] [and] ["Index 
Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF 
Linked 
Security"] 
[and] 
["Share 
Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and] 
["Future Linked Security"] for details of other 
Multi-Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(F) 
Applicable for the purposes 
of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert 
name of Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
Underlying: 
Benchmark Rate: 
Determination of 
Benchmark Rate 
Level: 
Relevant Screen Page: 
Relevant Screen Page Time: 
Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
Reference Banks: 
[1] 
[●] (insert relevant 
designated 
period)  
[EURIBOR] 
[SHIBOR][●] 
[ISDA 
Determination] 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination] 
[●][Not Applicable]  
(In the case of EURIBOR, if 
not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which 
shows a composite rate, in 
the 
case 
of 
SHIBOR, 
http://www.shibor.org) 
[●][Not Applicable] [11.00 
a.m.] [(Brussels time) (in the 
case of EURIBOR)] 
[●][As specified in Annex 1, 
Chapter 5] 
(If market is not specified it 
will be the EURO-zone inter-
bank market in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
 
[Applicable 
[●]] 
[Not 
Specified] 
(Four Reference Banks 
should be specified, unless 
"Not Specified" is selected, 
in 
which 
case 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
is 
obliged 
to 
select 
the 
relevant Reference Banks) 
((Add 
rows 
(numbered 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required)

--- Page 206 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
206 
sequentially) 
as 
required) 
 
[ISDA Determination] 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
Designated 
Maturity: 
Reset Date: 
Compounding: 
OIS 
Compounding: 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback: 
Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
Compounding 
with 
Lockout: 
[●] 
[●] 
(Only 
applicable 
where the Floating 
Rate Option is not an 
overnight rate) 
[Applies 
to: 
[All 
Interest 
Accrual 
Periods] 
[The 
following 
Interest 
Accrual 
Periods: 
[●]] 
(If 
specified 
Designated Maturity 
applies 
to 
some 
Interest 
Accrual 
Periods only, repeat 
on subsequent rows 
until 
all 
relevant 
Interest 
Accrual 
Periods 
are 
provided for)] 
(Only applicable for 
Rate Linked Interest 
Security) 
[(In the case of Rate 
Linked Redemption 
Security:) 
[●][Not 
Applicable]] 
[(In the case of Rate 
Linked 
Interest 
Security:) [●] [First 
day of the relevant 
Interest 
Accrual 
Period 
(Standard 
wording if Floating 
Rate Option is based 
on EURIBOR)] [Not 
Applicable]] 
(Only 
applicable 
where the Floating 
Rate Option is not an 
overnight 
rate, 
otherwise the Reset 
Date is set as the last 
day of the relevant 
Interest 
Accrual 
Period) 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
where the Floating 
Rate Option is an 
overnight rate) 
[Applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lookback: [●]  
(If no number is specified, , 
and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating 
Rate Option, the default value 
will be five (5)) 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: [●]  
(If 
no 
number 
is 
specified and there is 
no default applicable to 
the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, 
the 
default 
value will be five (5)) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Day: [●]] 
Set 
in 
Advance: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Lockout: [●]  
(If 
no 
number 
is 
specified, , and there is 
no default applicable to 
the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, 
the 
default 
value will be five (5)) 
[Lockout 
Period 
Business Day: [●]] 
(Add rows 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
 
[ISDA Determination] 
Averaging: 
Overnight 
Averaging: 
Averaging 
with 
Lookback: 
Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
Averaging 
with 
Lockout: 
Daily Capped Rate: 
Daily Floored Rate: 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
where the Floating 
Rate Option is an 
overnight rate) 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Lookback: [●]  
(If no number is 
specified, , and there 
is 
no 
default 
applicable 
to 
the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: [●]  
(If 
no 
number 
is 
specified and there is 
no default applicable to 
the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, 
the 
default 
value will be five (5)) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Day: [●]] 
Set 
in 
Advance: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Lockout: [●]  
(If 
no 
number 
is 
specified, , and there is 
no default applicable to 
the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, 
the 
default 
value will be five (5)) 
[Lockout 
Period 
Business Day: [●]] 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
where the Floating 
Rate Option is an 
overnight rate and 
Compounding 
or 
Averaging 
is 
applicable) 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
where the Floating 
Rate Option is an 
overnight rate and 
Compounding 
or 
Averaging 
is 
applicable) 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Number of days: [●]  
(If no number is 
specified, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
 
(iii) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with Rate Linked 
Asset Condition 2][Not Applicable] 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable] 
(Note that Increased Cost of Hedging will not be 
applicable to Italian Listed Securities)

--- Page 207 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
207 
 
(iv) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention 
applicable to the Observation Date(s)) 
 
(v) 
[Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement][Not Applicable]  
(Only applicable for Rate Linked Interest 
Security, otherwise delete row)]]  
(f) 
[ETF Linked Security: 
(If both interest or redemption items below are 
not applicable, delete this entire paragraph 
26(f). If only one applies, please select relevant 
interest or redemption items below) 
[ETF Linked [Interest] [and] [Redemption] 
Security: 
Applicable 
in 
accordance 
with 
Annex 1, Chapter 6][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Single Underlying: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this subparagraph) 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert 
name of Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
− 
ETF: 
[●] 
 
− 
[Number of ETF Units: 
[[●] per Specified Denomination][Calculation 
Agent Determination – Specified Denomination] 
[Calculation Agent Determination – Final / 
Instalment Redemption Amount] [● (Insert other 
determination method if applicable)] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
if 
Physical 
Settlement applies) 
(Only applicable for ETF Linked Redemption 
Security, otherwise delete row)] 
 
− 
Exchange: 
[●] 
 
− 
Related Exchange: 
[●] 
 
− 
Tender Offer: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 208 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
208 
 
− 
Reporting Disruption: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
ETF Insolvency Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this subparagraph) 
 
− 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[i] 
[(Please 
also 
refer 
to 
paragraph[s] 
["Commodity Linked Security"] [and] ["Index 
Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate 
Linked 
Security"] 
[and] 
["Share 
Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and] 
["Future Linked Security"] for details of other 
Multi-Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
− 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
(All 
ETF 
Basis)][Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETF Basis)] 
 
− 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day 
(All 
ETF 
Basis)][Exchange Business Day (Per ETF 
Basis)] 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert 
name of Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
ETF: 
[Number of ETF Units 
Exchange: 
Related 
Exchange: 
Tender Offer: 
Reporting 
Disruption: 
ETF 
Insolvency 
Event: 
[1] 
[●] 
(List on a separate row 
each ETF used as an 
Underlying 
for 
determination of the 
applicable redemption 
amount 
and 
% 
weighting) 
[[●] 
per 
Specified 
Denomination] 
[Calculation 
Agent 
Determination 
– 
Specified 
Denomination.] 
[Calculation 
Agent 
Determination 
– 
Final 
/ 
Instalment 
Redemption 
Amount] 
[● 
(Insert 
other 
determination 
method 
if 
applicable)] [Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable if Physical 
Settlement applies) 
(Only applicable for ETF Linked 
Redemption Security, otherwise 
delete column)] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required)

--- Page 209 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
209 
 
 
− 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[j] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] 
[and] ["FX Linked Security"] [and] ["Inflation 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Share Linked Security"] [and] ["Fund 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked Security"] 
for 
details 
of 
other 
Multi-Asset 
Basket 
Components)]] 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name 
of Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
ETF: 
[Number of ETF Units 
Exchange: 
Related 
Exchange: 
Tender Offer: 
Reporting 
Disruption: 
ETF Insolvency 
Event: 
[1] 
[●] 
(List on a separate 
row each ETF used 
as an Underlying for 
determination of the 
applicable 
redemption amount 
and % weighting) 
[[●] per Specified Denomination] 
[Calculation Agent Determination 
– 
Specified 
Denomination.] 
[Calculation Agent Determination 
– Final / Instalment Redemption 
Amount] 
[● 
(Insert 
other 
determination 
method 
if 
applicable)] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
if 
Physical 
Settlement applies) 
(Only applicable for ETF Linked 
Redemption Security, otherwise 
delete column)] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
 
− 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[k] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] 
[and] ["FX Linked Security"] [and] ["Inflation 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Share Linked Security"] [and] ["Fund 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked Security"] 
for 
details 
of 
other 
Multi-Asset 
Basket 
Components)]] 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]]

--- Page 210 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
210 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name 
of Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
ETF: 
[Number of ETF Units 
Exchange: 
Related 
Exchange: 
Tender Offer: 
Reporting 
Disruption: 
ETF 
Insolvency 
Event: 
[1] 
[●] 
(List on a separate row 
each ETF used as an 
Underlying 
for 
determination of the 
applicable redemption 
amount 
and 
% 
weighting) 
[[●] 
per 
Specified 
Denomination] 
[Calculation 
Agent Determination – Specified 
Denomination.] 
[Calculation 
Agent Determination – Final / 
Instalment 
Redemption 
Amount] 
[● 
(Insert 
other 
determination 
method 
if 
applicable)] [Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable if Physical 
Settlement applies) 
(Only applicable for ETF Linked 
Redemption Security, otherwise 
delete column)] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
 
(iii) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with ETF Linked 
Asset Condition 3.5][Not Applicable] 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable] 
(Note that Increased Cost of Hedging will not be 
applicable to Italian Listed Securities) 
 
(iv) 
Other Events: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[●] 
(If no Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days) 
 
(vi) 
Payment Extension Days: 
[●] (If no Payment Extension Days are stated, 
Payment Extension Days will be equal to two (2) 
Payment Business Days) 
 
(vii) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention 
applicable to the Observation Date(s)) 
 
(viii) 
Averaging Date Disruption: 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement][Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Valuation Time: 
[●]

--- Page 211 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
211 
 
(x) 
[Physical Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][Cash or Physical 
Settlement]] (Only applicable for ETF Linked 
Redemption 
Security, 
otherwise 
delete 
paragraph and the subparagraphs to this 
paragraph)] 
 
− 
Physical Settlement ETF 
[All ETF] [Best of Performance] [Worst of 
Performance] [Worst of Performance A] [ Worst 
of Performance B] [Xth Worst Performance with 
X being number [●]] [●] [Not Applicable] 
[as determined in accordance with [●] (Insert 
name of Standard Redemption Payoff which has 
been elected to determine relevant performance 
level) (as completed in paragraph ["Combination 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"]["Standard 
Redemption Payoff Provisions"] [●] [and] 
["PAYOFF FEATURES (IF ANY) RELATING 
TO REDEMPTION"] of these Final Terms)] [[●] 
(Specify other)] 
(Only specify where there is a Basket of ETFs) 
 
− 
Physical Settlement ETF Price: 
[●] [Not Applicable] (Only specify if Number of 
ETF 
Units 
determined 
by 
reference 
to 
Calculation Agent Determination) 
 
− 
Observation 
Date 
for 
the 
purposes of determining the 
Number of ETF Units: 
[●] (Specify any business day convention 
applicable to the Observation Date(s)) (Only 
specify if Number of Shares determined by 
reference to Calculation Agent Determination) 
 
− 
Partial Cash Settlement Date: 
[As determined in accordance with the ETF 
Linked Asset Conditions][Date falling [●] 
Exchange Business Days after the Determination 
of the Realisable Amount] 
 
− 
Physical Settlement Procedure 
(ETF Linked Asset Condition 
4.6(a)): 
[As determined in accordance with the ETF 
Linked 
Asset 
Conditions] 
[Not 
Applicable][Securityholder 
shall 
deliver 
[[10][●]] Business Days prior to the Physical 
Settlement Date the documents specified in ETF 
Linked Asset Condition 4.6(a) (Procedure by 
Securityholders)] 
 
− 
Physical Settlement Period: 
[As per ETF Linked Asset Condition 2] [Not 
Applicable] [[●] Exchange Business Days][Not 
Applicable] 
 
− 
Notice Cut-Off Date: 
[As per ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.6(b)] 
[Not Applicable] [[5][●]] Business Days] 
 
− 
Escrow: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Escrow Agent: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
[specify 
if 
applicable] 
 
− 
Settlement Currency: 
[●] [Specified Currency]

--- Page 212 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
212 
 
− 
Currency Screen Page: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Currency Specified Time: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Currency Specified Date: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Quotations: 
 
 
− 
Quotation 
Valuation 
Time: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
ETF Unit Dealer: 
[●][As per ETF Linked Asset Condition 2] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
− 
Clearance System: 
[●][As per ETF Linked Asset Condition 2] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
− 
Fractional ETF Unit: 
[●][As per ETF Linked Asset Condition 2][as 
rounded down to the closest three decimal 
places][as rounded down to the closest [●] 
decimal places] [Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Fractional ETF Unit Amount: 
[●][As per ETF Linked Asset Condition 2][Not 
Applicable] 
 
− 
Observation 
Date 
for 
the 
purposes of determining the 
Fractional ETF Unit Amount: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Physical Settlement Date: 
[●][As per ETF Linked Asset Condition 2] [Not 
Applicable]] 
(g) 
[Share Linked Security: 
(If both interest and redemption items below are 
not applicable, delete this entire paragraph 
26(g). If only one applies, please select relevant 
interest or redemption items below) 
[Share Linked [Interest] [and] [Redemption] 
Security: 
Applicable 
in 
accordance 
with 
Annex 1, Chapter 7][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Single Underlying: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this subparagraph) 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert 
name of Combination Redemption Payoff)]]

--- Page 213 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
213 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
− 
Share: 
[[●]; ISIN code [●]] 
 
− 
[Number of Shares: 
[[●] per Specified Denomination][Calculation 
Agent Determination – Specified Denomination] 
[Calculation Agent Determination – Final / 
Instalment Redemption Amount] [● (Insert other 
determination method if applicable)] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
if 
Physical 
Settlement applies)] (Only applicable for Share 
Linked Redemption Security, otherwise delete 
row)] 
 
− 
Exchange: 
[●] 
 
− 
Related Exchange: 
[●][All Exchanges] 
 
− 
Valuation Time: 
[●] 
 
− 
Depository Receipts: 
[Partial 
Lookthrough 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Provisions 
applicable] 
[Full 
Lookthrough 
Depositary Receipt Provisions applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this subparagraph) 
 
− 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[i] 
[(Please 
also 
refer 
to 
paragraph[s] 
["Commodity Linked Security"] [and] ["Index 
Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate 
Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and] ["Future 
Linked Security"] for details of other Multi-
Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
− 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
(Per 
Share 
Basis)][Scheduled Trading (All Share Basis)] 
 
− 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day 
(Per 
Share 
Basis)][Exchange Business Day (All Share 
Basis)]

--- Page 214 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
214 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert 
name of Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Share: 
[Number of Shares: 
Exchange: 
Related 
Exchange: 
Valuation 
Time: 
Depository Receipts: 
Weighting 
[1] 
[[●]; ISIN code [●]] 
(List on a separate 
row each share used 
as an Underlying for 
determination of the 
applicable 
redemption amount) 
[[●] 
per 
Specified 
Denomination] 
[Calculation Agent Determination – 
Specified Denomination] [Calculation 
Agent Determination – Final / Instalment 
Redemption Amount] [● (Insert other 
determination method if applicable)] 
[Not Applicable] (Only applicable if 
Physical 
Settlement 
applies) 
(Only 
applicable for Share Linked Redemption 
Security, otherwise delete column)] 
[●] 
[●][All 
Exchanges] 
[●] 
[Partial 
Lookthrough 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Provisions applicable] 
[Full 
Lookthrough 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Provisions applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
[[●] 
per 
cent.] [Not 
Applicable
] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
 
 
− 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[j] 
[(Please 
also 
refer 
to 
paragraph[s] 
["Commodity Linked Security"] [and] ["Index 
Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate 
Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and] ["Future 
Linked Security"] for details of other Multi-Asset 
Basket Components)]] 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name 
of Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]]

--- Page 215 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
215 
Underlying: 
Share: 
[Number of Shares: 
Exchange: 
Related 
Exchange: 
Valuation 
Time: 
Depository Receipts: 
Weighting 
[1] 
[[●]; ISIN code [●]] 
(List on a separate 
row each share used 
as an Underlying 
for determination of 
the 
applicable 
redemption amount) 
[[●] 
per 
Specified 
Denomination] 
[Calculation Agent Determination – 
Specified Denomination] [Calculation 
Agent Determination – Final / Instalment 
Redemption Amount] [● (Insert other 
determination method if applicable)] [Not 
Applicable] (Only applicable if Physical 
Settlement applies) (Only applicable for 
Share 
Linked 
Redemption 
Security, 
otherwise delete column)] 
[●] 
[●][All 
Exchanges
] 
[●] 
[Partial 
Lookthrough 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Provisions applicable] 
[Full 
Lookthrough 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Provisions applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
[[●] 
per 
cent.] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
− 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[k] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] 
[and] ["FX Linked Security"] [and] ["Inflation 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate Linked Security"] 
[and] ["ETF Linked Security"] [and] ["Fund Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Future Linked Security"] for 
details of other Multi-Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name 
of Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Share: 
[Number of Shares: 
Exchange: 
Related 
Exchange: 
Valuation 
Time: 
Depository Receipts: 
Weighting 
[1] 
[[●]; ISIN code [●]] 
(List on a separate 
row 
each 
share 
used 
as 
an 
Underlying 
for 
determination of the 
applicable 
redemption 
amount) 
[[●] 
per 
Specified 
Denomination] 
[Calculation Agent Determination – 
Specified Denomination] [Calculation 
Agent Determination – Final / Instalment 
Redemption Amount] [● (Insert other 
determination method if applicable)] 
[Not Applicable] (Only applicable if 
Physical 
Settlement 
applies) 
(Only 
applicable for Share Linked Redemption 
Security, otherwise delete column)] 
[●] 
[●][All 
Exchanges] 
[●] 
[Partial 
Lookthrough 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Provisions applicable] 
[Full 
Lookthrough 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Provisions applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
[[●] 
per 
cent.] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
(iii) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with Share Linked 
Asset Condition 3.3][Not Applicable] 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable]

--- Page 216 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
216 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable] 
(Note that Increased Cost of Hedging will not be 
applicable to Italian Listed Securities) 
[Dividend Disruption] 
 
(iv) 
Other Events: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[●] 
(If no Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days) 
 
(vi) 
Payment Extension Days: 
[●] (If no Payment Extension Days are stated, 
Payment Extension Days will be equal to two (2) 
Payment Business Days) 
 
(vii) 
Averaging Date Disruption: 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement][Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention 
applicable to the Observation Date(s)) 
 
(ix) 
[Physical Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][Cash or Physical 
Settlement] (Only applicable for Share Linked 
Redemption 
Security, 
otherwise 
delete 
paragraph and the subparagraphs to this 
paragraph)] 
 
− 
Physical Settlement Share: 
[All Shares] [Best of Performance] [Worst of 
Performance] [Worst of Performance A] [ Worst 
of Performance B] [Xth Worst Performance with 
X being number [●]] [●] [Not Applicable] 
[as determined in accordance with [●] (Insert 
name of Standard Redemption Payoff which has 
been elected to determine relevant performance 
level) (as completed in paragraph ["Combination 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"]["Standard 
Redemption Payoff Provisions"] [●] [and] 
["PAYOFF FEATURES (IF ANY) RELATING 
TO REDEMPTION"] of these Final Terms)] [[●] 
(Specify other)] 
(Only specify where there is a Basket of Shares) 
 
− 
Physical 
Settlement 
Share 
Price: 
[●] [Not Applicable] (Only specify if Number of 
Shares determined by reference to Calculation 
Agent Determination) 
 
− 
Observation 
Date 
for 
the 
purposes of determining the 
Number of Shares: 
[●] (Specify any business day convention 
applicable to the Observation Date(s)) (Only 
specify if Number of Shares determined by 
reference to Calculation Agent Determination) 
 
− 
Partial Cash Settlement Date 
[As determined in accordance with the Share 
Linked Asset Conditions][Date falling [●]

--- Page 217 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
217 
Exchange Business Days after the Determination 
of the Realisable Amount] 
 
− 
Physical Settlement Procedure 
(Share Linked Asset Condition 
4.6(a)): 
[As determined in accordance with Share Linked 
Asset 
Conditions] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Securityholder shall deliver [[10][●]] Business 
Days prior to the Physical Settlement Date the 
documents specified in Share Linked Asset 
Condition 
4.6(a) 
(Procedure 
by 
Securityholders)] 
 
− 
Physical Settlement Period: 
[As per Share Linked Asset Condition 2] [[●] 
Exchange Business Days][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Notice Cut-Off Date: 
[As per Share Linked Asset Condition 4.6(b)] 
[Not Applicable] [[5][●] Business Days] 
 
− 
Escrow: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Escrow Agent: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
[specify 
if 
applicable] 
 
− 
Settlement Currency: 
[●] [Specified Currency] 
 
− 
Currency Screen Page: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Currency Specified Time: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Currency Specified Date: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Quotations: 
 
 
− 
Quotation 
Valuation 
Time: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Share Dealer: 
[●][As per Share Linked Asset Condition 2] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
− 
Clearance System: 
[●][As per Share Linked Asset Condition 2] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
− 
Fractional Share: 
[●][As per Share Linked Asset Condition 2][as 
rounded down to the closest three decimal 
places][as rounded down to the closest [●] 
decimal places] [Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Fractional Share Amount: 
[●][As per Share Linked Asset Condition 2][Not 
Applicable] 
 
− 
Observation Date for 
the 
purposes 
of 
determining 
the 
Fractional 
Share 
Amount: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Physical Settlement Date: 
[●][As per Share Linked Asset Condition 2] [Not 
Applicable]]

--- Page 218 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
218 
 
(h) 
[Fund Linked Security: 
(If both interest and redemption items below are 
not applicable, delete this entire paragraph 
26(h). If only one applies, please select relevant 
interest or redemption items below) 
[Fund Linked [Interest] [and] [Redemption] 
Security Applicable in accordance with Annex 1, 
Chapter 8][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Single Underlying: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this subparagraph) 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert 
name of Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
− 
Reference Fund [/Euro Fund]: 
[●] (for Euro Fund, also insert name of the 
Insurer, Gross Rate of Return and Provisional 
Minimum Rate) 
 
− 
Fund Interest: 
[●][As per Fund Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
− 
Fund Interest Unit: 
[●][As per Fund Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
− 
Fund Price: 
[●] (Either a price or method for determining 
price should be specified here) 
[As per Fund Linked Asset Condition 2] 
[NAV: 
Subject to Calculation Agent Adjustment: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Redemption Fees: [●] [None]] 
[Execution Method/Subscription] 
[Execution Method/Redemption] 
[Order Method/Subscription] 
[Order Method/Redemption] 
 
− 
Number of Units: 
[●]

--- Page 219 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
219 
(Specify number of, or method for determining 
number of, Fund Interest units) 
 
− 
Reference Fund Subscription 
Date: 
[●][As per Fund Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
− 
Key Person: 
[●][As per Fund Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
− 
Fund Administrator: 
[●][As per Fund Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
− 
Fund Adviser: 
[●][As per Fund Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
− 
Fund Service Provider: 
[●][As per Fund Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
− 
Subscription Notice Date: 
[●][As per Fund Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
− 
Valuation Time: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this subparagraph) 
 
− 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[i] 
[(Please 
also 
refer 
to 
paragraph[s] 
["Commodity Linked Security"] [and] ["Index 
Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate 
Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Share Linked Security"] [and] ["Future 
Linked Security"] for details of other Multi-
Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert 
name of Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Reference Fund: 
Fund Interest: 
Fund 
Interest 
Unit: 
Fund Price: 
Number 
of 
Units: 
Reference 
Fund 
Subscription Date:

--- Page 220 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
220 
[1] 
[●] 
(List on a separate 
row 
each 
reference 
fund 
used 
as 
an 
Underlying 
for 
determination 
of 
interest) 
[●][As 
per 
Fund Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As per Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●] (Either a price or 
method 
for 
determining 
price 
should 
be 
specified 
here) 
[As per Fund Linked 
Asset Condition 2]  
[NAV: 
(If 
NAV 
selected, 
specify the following) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
Redemption Fees: [●] 
[None]] 
[Execution 
Method/ 
Subscription] 
[Execution 
Method/ 
Redemption] 
[Order 
Method/ 
Subscription] 
[Order 
Method/ 
Redemption] 
[●] 
(Specify 
number of, or 
method 
for 
determining 
number 
of, 
Fund Interest 
units) 
[●][As 
per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
Key Person: 
Fund 
Administrator: 
Fund Adviser: 
Fund 
Service 
Provider: 
Subscription Notice 
Date: 
Valuation 
Time: 
Weighting 
[●][As 
per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset Condition 
2] 
[●][As per Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As per Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As 
per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As 
per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
− 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[j] 
[(Please 
also 
refer 
to 
paragraph[s] 
["Commodity Linked Security"] [and] ["Index 
Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate 
Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Share Linked Security"] [and] ["Future 
Linked Security"] for details of other Multi-Asset 
Basket Components)]] 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes 
of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name 
of Combination Redemption Payoff)]]

--- Page 221 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
221 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Reference 
Fund: 
Fund 
Interest: 
Fund 
Interest 
Unit: 
Fund Price: 
Number 
of 
Units: 
Reference 
Fund 
Subscription Date: 
[1] 
[●] 
(List 
on 
a 
separate row 
each 
reference 
fund used as 
an 
Underlying 
for 
determination 
of interest) 
[●][As per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 
2] 
[●][As per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 
2] 
[●] (Either a price or 
method for determining 
price should be specified 
here) 
[As per Fund Linked Asset 
Condition 2]  
[NAV: 
(If NAV selected, specify the 
following) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
Redemption 
Fees: 
[●] 
[None]] 
[Execution 
Method/ 
Subscription] 
[Execution 
Method/ 
Redemption] 
[Order 
Method/ 
Subscription] 
[Order 
Method/ 
Redemption] 
[●] 
(Specify number 
of, or method for 
determining 
number of, Fund 
Interest units) 
[●][As per Fund Linked 
Asset Condition 2] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
 
Key Person: 
Fund 
Administrator: 
Fund Adviser: 
Fund 
Service 
Provider: 
Subscription Notice 
Date: 
Valuation 
Time: 
Weighting 
[●][As per Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As per Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As per Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As per Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As 
per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
 
 
− 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[k] 
[(Please 
also 
refer 
to 
paragraph[s] 
["Commodity Linked Security"] [and] ["Index 
Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate 
Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Share Linked Security"] [and] ["Future 
Linked Security"] for details of other Multi-Asset 
Basket Components)]] 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes 
of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Interest Payoff)]]

--- Page 222 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
222 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name 
of Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff 
Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of 
Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Reference Fund: 
Fund Interest: 
Fund 
Interest 
Unit: 
Fund Price: 
Number 
of 
Units: 
Reference 
Fund 
Subscription Date: 
Scheduled Redemption Payment 
Date: 
[1] 
[●] 
(List on a separate 
row each reference 
fund used as an 
Underlying 
for 
determination 
of 
interest) 
[●][As per Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As per Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●] (Either a price 
or 
method 
for 
determining price 
should be specified 
here) 
[As 
per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●] 
(Specify 
number 
of, 
or 
method 
for 
determining 
number 
of, 
Fund 
Interest 
units) 
[●][As 
per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As per Fund Linked Asset 
Condition 2] 
(If no date is specified, the date by 
which the relevant Reference 
Fund is scheduled to have paid 
redemption 
proceeds 
to 
an 
investor redeeming as of the 
related Scheduled Redemption 
Valuation Date) 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
 
Key Person: 
Fund 
Administrator: 
Fund Adviser: 
Fund 
Service 
Provider: 
Subscription Notice 
Date: 
Valuation 
Time: 
Weighting 
[●][As per Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As per Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As per Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As per Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As 
per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
 
 
(iii) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with Fund 
Linked Asset Condition 3.3][Not 
Applicable] 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not 
applicable] (Note that Increased Cost 
of Hedging will not be applicable to 
Italian Listed Securities) 
 
(iv) 
Extraordinary Fund Events: 
[Applicable in accordance with Fund 
Linked Asset Condition 3.2(b)]] [Not 
Applicable] 
[Fund 
Insolvency 
Event 
is 
not 
applicable][

--- Page 223 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
223 
Fund Insolvency Entity: [●]] 
[NAV 
Trigger 
Event 
is 
not 
applicable][ 
NAV Trigger Period: [●] 
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[●]] 
[Fund Management Event is not 
applicable 
[Fund Modification is not applicable] 
[Holding Limit is not applicable] 
[Strategy Breach is not applicable] 
[Regulatory Action is not applicable] 
[Reporting 
Disruption 
is 
not 
applicable] 
[Disruption Period: [●]] 
[Merger Event is not applicable] 
[Closure of the Fund is not applicable] 
[Fund Adviser Event is not applicable] 
[Liquidity 
Modification 
is 
not 
applicable] 
[Holding Ratio is not applicable] 
[Breach or Termination of Agreement 
is not applicable] 
(If Not Applicable is specified, the 
Extraordinary 
Events 
of 
Nationalisation and Insolvency will 
still apply) 
 
(v) 
Other Events: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Settlement Currency: 
[●][As 
per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
 
(vii) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[●] 
(If no Maximum Days of Disruption 
are 
stated, 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption will be equal to eight (8) 
Fund Business Days) 
 
(viii) 
Payment Extension Days: 
[●] (If no Payment Extension Days are 
stated, Payment Extension Days will

--- Page 224 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
224 
be equal to two (2) Payment Business 
Days) 
 
(ix) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] 
(Specify 
any 
business 
day 
convention 
applicable 
to 
the 
Observation Date(s)) 
 
(x) 
Averaging Date Disruption: 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement][Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Intermediate Payment Date: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(Specify an Interest Payment Date or 
an Instalment Date)] 
 
(i) 
[Future Linked Security: 
(If both interest and redemption items 
below are not applicable, delete this 
entire paragraph 26(i). If only one 
applies, please select relevant interest 
or redemption items below) 
 
 
[Future 
Linked 
[Interest] 
[and] 
[Redemption] Security Applicable in 
accordance 
with 
Annex 1,, 
Chapter 9][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Single Underlying: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert 
name of Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination 
Interest 
Payoff 
[● 
(Insert name of Combination Interest 
Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● 
(Insert name of Standard Redemption 
Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● 
(Insert 
name 
of 
Combination 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of 
Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert 
name of Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
− 
Future: 
[●] 
 
− 
Roll Adjustment: 
[Applicable][Inapplicable] 
 
− 
Future Underlier: 
[●]

--- Page 225 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
225 
 
− 
Expiry Date: 
[●] 
 
− 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] 
 
− 
Related Exchanges: 
[●] 
 
− 
Active Future Contract: 
[●] 
 
− 
Next Active Future Contract: 
[●] 
 
− 
Initial Quality Factor 
[●][As per Future Linked Asset 
Condition 2] 
 
− 
Quality Adjustment Factor: 
[Option Fixing Roll][Option TWAP 
Roll][As per Future Linked Asset 
Condition 2] 
 
− 
Rolling Cost: 
[●][As per Future Linked Asset 
Condition 2] 
 
− 
Rolling Date(s): 
[●] 
 
− 
Rolling Time: 
[●] 
 
− 
AFC_TWAPStartTime: 
[●] 
 
− 
AFC_TWAPEndTime: 
[●] 
 
− 
NAFC_TWAPStartTime: 
[●] 
 
− 
NAFC_TWAPEndTime: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
− 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[i] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] 
["Commodity Linked Security"] [and] 
["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["FX 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Inflation 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate Linked 
Security"] 
[and] 
["ETF 
Linked 
Security"] 
[and] 
["Share 
Linked 
Security"] 
[and] 
["Fund 
Linked 
Security"] for details of other Multi-
Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
− 
Scheduled Trading Day:  
[Single 
Future 
Basis/All 
Future 
Basis/Per Future Basis] 
(must match election made for 
Exchange Business Day) 
 
− 
Exchange Business Day:  
[Single 
Future 
Basis/All 
Future 
Basis/Per Future Basis] 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert 
name of Standard Interest Payoff)]]

--- Page 226 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
226 
[Combination 
Interest 
Payoff 
[● 
(Insert name of Combination Interest 
Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● 
(Insert name of Standard Redemption 
Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● 
(Insert 
name 
of 
Combination 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of 
Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert 
name of Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Future: 
Roll 
Adjustment: 
Future 
Underlier: 
Expiry 
Date: 
Exchange(s): 
Related 
Exchanges: 
Exchange 
Business 
Day: 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day: 
Active 
Future 
Contract: 
Next 
Active 
Future 
Contract: 
[1] 
[●] 
(List on a 
separate row 
each 
future 
used as an 
Underlying) 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[specify] 
[●] 
[Single 
Future 
Basis/ All 
Future 
Basis/ 
Per 
Future 
Basis] 
[Single 
Future 
Basis/ 
All 
Future 
Basis/ 
Per 
Future 
Basis] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially
) 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows as 
require
d) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows as 
required) 
 
Initial 
Quality 
Factor: 
Quality 
Adjustment 
Factor: 
Rolling 
Cost: 
Rolling 
Date(s): 
Rolling 
Time: 
AFC_TWAP 
StartTime: 
AFC_TWAP 
EndTime: 
NAFC_TWA
P StartTime: 
NAFC_TWAP 
EndTime: 
Weighting 
[●] [As per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[Option 
Fixing Roll] 
[Option 
TWAP 
Roll] 
[As 
per 
Future 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As 
per Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Conditio
n 2] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
− 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[j] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] 
["Commodity Linked Security"] [and] 
["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["FX 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Inflation 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate Linked 
Security"] 
[and] 
["ETF 
Linked 
Security"] 
[and] 
["Share 
Linked 
Security"] 
[and] 
["Fund 
Linked

--- Page 227 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
227 
Security"] for details of other Multi-
Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert 
name of Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination 
Interest 
Payoff 
[● 
(Insert name of Combination Interest 
Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● 
(Insert name of Standard Redemption 
Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● 
(Insert 
name 
of 
Combination 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of 
Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert 
name of Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Future: 
Roll 
Adjustment: 
Future 
Underlier: 
Expiry 
Date: 
Exchange(s): 
Related 
Exchanges: 
Exchange 
Business 
Day: 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day: 
Active 
Future 
Contract: 
Next 
Active 
Future 
Contract: 
[1] 
[●] 
(List on a 
separate row 
each 
future 
used as an 
Underlying) 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[specify] 
[●] 
[Single 
Future 
Basis/ All 
Future 
Basis/ 
Per 
Future 
Basis] 
[Single 
Future 
Basis/ 
All 
Future 
Basis/ 
Per 
Future 
Basis] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially
) 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows as 
require
d) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows as 
required) 
 
Initial 
Quality 
Factor: 
Quality 
Adjustment 
Factor: 
Rolling 
Cost: 
Rolling 
Date(s): 
Rolling 
Time: 
AFC_TWAP 
StartTime: 
AFC_TWAP 
EndTime: 
NAFC_TWA
P StartTime: 
NAFC_TWAP 
EndTime: 
Weighting 
[●] [As per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[Option 
Fixing Roll] 
[Option 
TWAP 
Roll] 
[As 
per 
Future 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 
2] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
− 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[k] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] 
["Commodity Linked Security"] [and] 
["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["FX

--- Page 228 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
228 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Inflation 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate Linked 
Security"] 
[and] 
["ETF 
Linked 
Security"] 
[and] 
["Share 
Linked 
Security"] 
[and] 
["Fund 
Linked 
Security"] for details of other Multi-
Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
− 
Applicable for the purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert 
name of Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination 
Interest 
Payoff 
[● 
(Insert name of Combination Interest 
Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● 
(Insert name of Standard Redemption 
Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● 
(Insert 
name 
of 
Combination 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of 
Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert 
name of Redemption Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Future: 
Roll 
Adjustment: 
Future 
Underlier: 
Expiry 
Date: 
Exchange(s): 
Related 
Exchanges: 
Exchange 
Business 
Day: 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day: 
Active 
Future 
Contract: 
Next 
Active 
Future 
Contract: 
[1] 
[●] 
(List on a 
separate row 
each 
future 
used as an 
Underlying) 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[specify] 
[●] 
[Single 
Future 
Basis/ All 
Future 
Basis/ 
Per 
Future 
Basis] 
[Single 
Future 
Basis/ 
All 
Future 
Basis/ 
Per 
Future 
Basis] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially
) 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows as 
require
d) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows as 
required) 
 
Initial 
Quality 
Factor: 
Quality 
Adjustment 
Factor: 
Rolling 
Cost: 
Rolling 
Date(s): 
Rolling 
Time: 
AFC_TWAP 
StartTime: 
AFC_TWAP 
EndTime: 
NAFC_TWA
P StartTime: 
NAFC_TWAP 
EndTime: 
Weighting 
[●] [As per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[Option 
Fixing Roll] 
[Option 
TWAP 
Roll] 
[As 
per 
Future 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As 
per Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Conditio
n 2] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required)

--- Page 229 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
229 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with Future 
Linked Asset Condition 3.3][Not 
Applicable] 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not 
applicable] (Note that Increased Cost 
of Hedging will not be applicable to 
Italian Listed Securities) 
[Dividend Disruption] 
 
(iv) 
Other Events: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[●] 
(If no Maximum Days of Disruption 
are 
stated, 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption will be equal to eight (8) 
Scheduled Trading Days) 
 
(vi) 
Payment Extension Days: 
[●] (If no Payment Extension Days are 
stated, Payment Extension Days will 
be equal to two (2) Payment Business 
Days) 
 
(vii) 
Averaging Date Disruption: 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement][Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] 
(Specify 
any 
business 
day 
convention 
applicable 
to 
the 
Observation Date(s)) 
(j) 
[Multi-Asset 
Basket 
Linked 
Security: 
(If not applicable, delete this entire 
paragraph 26(j)) 
[Multi-Asset Basket Linked [Interest] 
[and] 
[Redemption] 
Security: 
Applicable 
in 
accordance 
with 
Annex 1, Chapter 9][Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, at least two of 
paragraphs 26(a) to 26(i) should be 
specified as Applicable) 
 
(i) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with Multi-
Asset Basket Linked Asset Condition 
3.3][Not Applicable] 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable]

--- Page 230 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
230 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not 
applicable] (Note that Increased Cost 
of Hedging will not be applicable to 
Italian Listed Securities) 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[●] 
(If no Maximum Days of Disruption 
are 
stated, 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption will be equal to eight (8) 
Commodity Business Days, Scheduled 
Trading Days, FX Business Days, 
Scheduled Trading Days, Scheduled 
Trading Days or Fund Business Days, 
as the case may be) 
 
(iii) 
Multi-Asset 
Basket 
Component: 
[Each][(specify)] 
[Commodity][Index][Inflation 
Index][FX 
Rate][Benchmark 
Rate][ETF] [Share] [Fund Interest] set 
out in paragraph ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] 
[and] 
["Index 
Linked 
Security"] 
[and] 
["FX 
Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Inflation Linked 
Security"] 
[and] 
["Rate 
Linked 
Security"] 
[and] 
["ETF 
Linked 
Security"] 
[and] 
["Share 
Linked 
Security"] 
[and] 
["Fund 
Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Future Linked 
Security"] for the purposes of: 
 
 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert 
name of Standard Interest Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Combination 
Interest 
Payoff 
[● 
(Insert name of Combination Interest 
Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● 
(Insert name of Standard Redemption 
Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● 
(Insert 
name 
of 
Combination 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of 
Payoff Feature)]] 
 
(iv) 
Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled 
Trading Day: 
[Multi-Asset 
Basket 
Scheduled 
Trading Day (All Assets Basis)] 
[Multi-Asset 
Basket 
Scheduled 
Trading Day (Per Asset Basis)] 
(If neither option is specified, Multi-
Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day 
(All Assets Basis) will be deemed to 
apply)

--- Page 231 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
231 
 
(v) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] 
(Specify 
any 
business 
day 
convention 
applicable 
to 
the 
Observation Date(s)) 
 
(vi) 
Payment Extension Days: 
[●]] 
 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO SECURED SECURITIES 
27. 
 
Secured Security Provisions: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 10] [Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
provisions of this section). 
 
(a) 
Waiver of Rights: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Third Party Security: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (If applicable 
provide details of the Third Party Chargor 
including applicable notice details). 
 
(c) 
Additional Security Document: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (If applicable 
provide details of the Additional Security 
Document(s)). 
 
(d) 
Additional Charged Document: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (If applicable 
provide details of the Additional Charged 
Document(s)). 
 
(e) 
Custodian: 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV][Clearstream Banking, 
S.A.][Citibank Europe PLC] 
 
(f) 
Alternative Valuation: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] The Collateral 
Assets which will be subject to Alternative 
Valuation are [●] and the alternative source or 
delegate for the Alternative Valuation is [●] 
 
(g) 
Security Trustee or (in respect of 
French Law Securities) Security 
Agent: 
[Citigroup Trustee Company Limited][Citibank, 
N.A., London Branch][, acting for itself and [for 
the Securityholders and the other Secured Parties 
pursuant to articles 2488-6 to 2488-12 of the 
French 
Civil 
Code] 
[on 
behalf 
of 
the 
Securityholders and the other Secured Parties 
pursuant to articles 1984 et seq. of the French 
Civil Code.]] 
 
(h) 
Collateral Assets as at the Issue 
Date: 
[Specify] 
 
(i) 
Collateral Pool Type: 
[Single Series Collateral Pool] [Multiple Series 
Collateral Pool] 
 
(j) 
Collateral 
Pool 
identification 
number: 
[●] 
 
(k) 
Disposal Agent: 
[●] 
 
(l) 
Collateral Monitoring: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 232 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
232 
 
(i) 
Collateral 
Monitoring 
Agent: 
[Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
(applies 
when 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV is the applicable 
Custodian)][Clearstream Banking, S.A. (applies 
when 
Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A. 
is 
the 
applicable Custodian)][Citibank N.A., London 
branch (applies when Citibank Europe PLC is 
the applicable Custodian)][other] 
(If Collateral Monitoring Agent is Citibank, 
delete the following subparagraph) 
(A) 
[Collateral 
Value 
determination]: 
[[Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
(applies 
when 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV is the applicable 
Custodian)] 
[Clearstream Banking, S.A. (applies when 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. is the applicable 
Custodian)] 
[●] (specify other entity that will determine the 
Collateral Value)] (only where the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent is either Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV or Clearstream Banking S.A.) 
(ii) 
Valuation Agent: 
[[●], and [the Collateral Monitoring Agent][●] as 
such duties may be delegated from time to time] 
(where the Valuation Agent wishes to delegate 
the duties of determining all or some relevant 
valuations to the Collateral Monitoring Agent or 
a third entity)  
 
(iii) 
Type of Collateralisation: 
[MV Collateralisation] [NV Collateralisation] 
[Max (MV, NV) Collateralisation] [Min (MV, 
NV) Collateralisation] applies] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Eligibility Criteria: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable. Only initial 
Collateral Assets are Eligible.] [Applicable. The 
following Eligibility Criteria apply] 
(If only initial Collateral Assets are eligible, 
delete the remaining provisions of this section). 
 
 
(Complete each criterion below that forms part 
of the Eligibility Criteria for the applicable 
Series, and delete the rest) 
[Industry Sector(s): [Not Applicable][Specify]] 
[Jurisdiction of Incorporation: [Not Applicable] 
[Specify]] 
Relevant Rating(s): [Not Applicable] [Specify] 
Minimum 
Outstanding 
Amount: 
[Not 
Applicable] [Specify] 
Maximum 
Outstanding 
Amount: 
[Not 
Applicable] [Specify] 
Relevant 
Currency(ies): 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify] 
ECB Eligible: [Not applicable][Applicable]

--- Page 233 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
233 
Collateral Asset Ranking(s): [Not Applicable] 
[Specify] 
Listed: [Not Applicable] [Any Exchange] 
[Specify] 
Minimum Time to Maturity: [Not Applicable] 
[Specify] 
Maximum Time to Maturity: [Not Applicable] 
[Specify] 
Concentration 
Limit(s): 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify] 
UCITS Eligible: [Not Applicable][Applicable] 
Specific features / characteristics / criteria: [Not 
Applicable] [Specify] 
 
(v) 
Collateralisation 
Percentage: 
[Specify] 
 
[Where Max (MV, NV) Collateralisation or Min 
(MV, NV) Collateralisation applies, specify 
percentage 
level 
for 
MV 
and 
NV 
Collateralisation, if different] 
[Specify, where the Collateralisation Percentage 
may vary after a certain date.] 
 
(vi) 
Haircuts: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [ECB Rate] [LCH 
Rate] 
 
[If applicable, specify details of the Haircut to be 
applied in relation to each type or class of 
Collateral Asset] 
 
(vii) 
Collateral Test: 
[Not Applicable][Collateral Value Collateral 
Testing is applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Collateral Test Dates: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify] 
[No 
periodic 
Collateral Test Dates] 
 
(ix) 
Collateral Business Day: 
[Specify] 
 
(x) 
Collateral Currency Screen 
Page: 
[Specify] 
 
(xi) 
Collateral 
Currency 
Specified Time: 
[Specify] 
 
(xii) 
Collateral 
Valuation 
Currency: 
[Specify] 
 
(xiii) 
Collateral 
Valuation 
at 
Nominal Value: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Valuation Point: 
[Specify] 
 
(xv) 
Collateral Substitution: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Collateral Disruption Event 
– 
Security 
Holder 
Direction: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 234 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
234 
 
(xvii) 
Physical 
Delivery 
of 
Collateral 
Assets 
on 
Enforcement: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[The period during which the Security [Trustee] 
[Agent] will attempt to Deliver Collateral Assets 
following the occurrence of a Physical Delivery 
of Collateral Assets Disruption Event will be 
[specify] Collateral Business Days.] 
[If not applicable, delete the following sub 
paragraph] 
 
(A) 
Method of transfer of 
Collateral Assets in 
respect of Collateral 
Assets Entitlement: 
[Specify] 
[Delivery 
through 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear or any other relevant 
clearance institution (the Relevant Clearing 
System] when the Collateral Assets are not 
eligible for clearance through the Relevant 
Clearing System, in which case transfer will take 
place outside the Relevant Clearing System.] 
 
(xviii) Minimum 
Transfer 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(xix) 
Maximum 
Extension 
Period: 
[60 Collateral Business Days] [●] [(specify 
alternative number of Collateral Business Days]) 
 
(m) 
Order of Priority: 
[The Standard Order of Priority (as defined in the 
Secured Security Conditions) applies] 
[●] (Describe alternative Order of Priority) 
 
(n) 
Secured Parties: 
[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Secured 
Security 
Conditions] [[●] [Identify Secured Parties]] 
 
(o) 
Third Party Bidder(s): 
[Applicable – [Identify any Third Party 
Bidders]][Not Applicable] 
 
(p) 
Pre-Enforcement Payment Period: 
[●] [Specify relevant number of Business Days] 
 
(q) 
Applicable Grace Period: 
[5 consecutive Collateral Business Days][●] 
 
(r) 
Secured Security Event of Default 
grace period in respect of a failure to 
pay: 
The grace period in respect of any failure to pay 
for the purposes of limb (a) of the definition of 
"Secured Security Event of Default" will be 
[specify] [calendar days][Business Days]. 
 
(s) 
Nominal Amount: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(t) 
Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(u) 
Order of Priority: 
[Applicable: 
[●] 
(specify 
the 
Order 
of 
Priority)][Not Applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES 
28. 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[(Bearer Securities)

--- Page 235 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
235 
[Bearer Form:] 
[Temporary 
Bearer 
Global 
Security 
exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global 
Security which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Bearer Securities only upon an Exchange Event] 
[Temporary 
Bearer 
Global 
Security 
exchangeable for Bearer Securities on or after the 
Exchange Date (include such notice period as is 
required)]] 
[Permanent Bearer Global Security] 
[(Registered Securities – Intended to be held in 
NSS) 
[Registered Form: 
[Regulation S Global Security (U.S.$/€[●] 
nominal amount) registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
[Rule 144A Global Security (U.S.$[●] nominal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee for 
a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
[(Registered Securities – Not intended to be held 
in NSS) 
[Registered Form: 
[Regulation S Global Security (U.S.$/€[●] 
nominal amount) registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
[Rule 144A Global Security (U.S.$[●] nominal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee for 
[DTC/a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
[Registered Securities]] 
[(Dematerialised Securities): 
[The 
Securities 
are 
[Swedish][Norwegian] 
[Finnish] Securities]  
[EUI Securities]: 
[Dematerialised Uncertificated Securities in 
bookentry form issued, cleared and settled 
through Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (EUI or 
CREST). CREST Depositary Interest (CDI).]  
[(French Law Securities)

--- Page 236 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
236 
[(Materialised French Securities) 
 
Materialised French Securities in bearer form (au 
porteur): 
Temporary Global Certificate exchangeable for a 
Definitive Materialised Securities in bearer form 
(au porteur) as from the Exchange Date] 
 
[(Dematerialised French Securities) 
 
Dematerialised French Securities : 
[Dematerialised French Securities in bearer form 
(au porteur)][Dematerialised French Securities 
in 
fully 
registered 
form 
(au 
nominatif 
pur)][Dematerialised 
French 
Securities 
in 
administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré)]] 
[(If Dematerialised French Securities in fully 
registered form, please insert the following sub-
paragraph):  
Agent (établissement mandataire) in charge of 
the Dematerialised French Securities in fully 
registered form for the account of the Issuer: [●]] 
 
(b) 
Notes in New Global Note form 
(NGN Notes) or Certificates in New 
Global 
Note 
form 
(NGN 
Certificates): 
[NGN 
Notes][NGN 
Certificates][Not 
Applicable] 
29. 
 
Business Day Convention for the purposes of 
"Payment 
Business 
Day" 
election 
in 
accordance with General Condition 5.6 
(Payment Business Day): 
[Following Payment Business Day][Modified 
Following Payment Business Day][Preceding 
Payment Business Day] 
30. 
 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable][●] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates) 
31. 
 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[The following shall be Additional Business 
Centres for the purposes of determining Business 
Days in respect of [specify relevant dates][the 
Interest Determination Date(s)][Range Accrual 
Days][●]: [specify relevant Additional Business 
Centres].][Not Applicable] 
[The Additional Business Centre(s) for the 
purposes of making an adjustment to any Interest 
Accrual Period [is][are] set out in paragraph 
["Fixed 
Rate 
Security"]["Floating 
Rate 
Security"]["Linked Interest Security"] above] 
32. 
 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to Definitive Bearer Securities and 
dates on which such Talons mature: 
[Yes][No] 
[(Dates on which such Talons mature usually 
following 25th Interest Payment Date)]

--- Page 237 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
237 
(This paragraph should only be "Yes" if 
Definitive Bearer Securities may be issued) 
 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
33. 
 
Redenomination (for the purposes of General 
Condition 3.1): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If Redenomination for the purposes of General 
Condition 3.1 is not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Day Count Fraction: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
34. 
 
(a) 
Redemption for tax reasons (General 
Condition 6.3 (Redemption for tax 
reasons)): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Notice period: 
[Minimum notice period: [●]] 
[Maximum notice period: [●]] 
 
(b) 
Special Tax Redemption (General 
Condition 
6.4 
(Special 
Tax 
Redemption)): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Redemption 
for 
FATCA 
Withholding (General Condition 6.5 
(Redemption 
for 
FATCA 
Withholding)): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Regulatory 
Redemption 
or 
Compulsory 
Resales 
(General 
Condition 
6.6 
(Regulatory 
Redemption 
or 
Compulsory 
Resales)): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Events 
of 
Default 
(General 
Condition 10 (Events of Default)): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Illegality 
and 
Force 
Majeure 
(General Condition 19.1 (Illegality 
and Force Majeure)): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
35. 
 
Gross Up (General Condition 8.2 (Gross 
Up)): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Gross up shall only apply in exceptional 
circumstances and only if specifically agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s)) 
 
(a) 
Issuer Gross Up: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Guarantor Gross Up: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Minimum Period of ratio: [●]][Maximum 
period of ratio: [●]] 
36. 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank] [[●] (Insert name and address)]

--- Page 238 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
238 
37. 
 
Delivery Agent (Credit Linked Securities, 
Bond 
Linked 
Securities, 
ETF 
Linked 
Securities subject to physical delivery or 
Share Linked Securities subject to physical 
delivery): 
[Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank][●][Not Applicable] 
38. 
 
Governing Law: 
[English Law][Irish Law][French Law] 
 
− 
Agent for service of process 
 
[If Not Applicable, delete the row below] 
[●] (Insert contact details including the address 
of the process agent) 
 
− 
Governing law for the Guarantee: 
[English law][Irish law][French law] 
39. 
 
Essential Trigger: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, please insert the relevant 
Redemption Basis that applies upon redemption 
prior to the redemption date, as determined in 
accordance with General Condition 6.8(b) 
(Essential Trigger)) 
[In 
case 
of 
Force 
Majeure, 
General 
Condition 6.8(b)(i)(B) applies.] 
 
− 
Redemption Basis: 
[Fair Market Value Redemption Amount] 
[Highest Amount][Monetisation Amount] 
 
− 
Hedge Amount: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Custodian Default: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
40. 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable][[Subject to any other Business 
Day Convention specified in these Final Terms 
in relation to a period or payment date, [Floating 
Rate Convention] [Following Business Day 
Convention] [Modified Following Business Day 
Convention] 
[Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]] 
(Note that if no Business Day Convention is 
specified in the Final Terms, "Following 
Business Day Convention" will be deemed to 
apply.)  
41. 
 
Benchmark Provisions: 
 
 
(a) 
Relevant Benchmark: 
[Applicable as per the relevant Additional 
Conditions 
applicable 
to 
the 
Securities.] 
[Applicable as selected below.] 
(If the first option above is selected, the following 
sub-paragraphs should be deleted) 
 
(i) 
Relevant 
Commodity 
Benchmark: 
[●][As per the definition in Commodity Linked 
Asset Condition 2]

--- Page 239 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
239 
 
(ii) 
Relevant Index Benchmark: 
[●][As per the definition in Index Linked Asset 
Condition 2] 
 
(iii) 
Relevant FX Benchmark: 
[●][As per the definition in FX Linked Asset 
Condition 2] 
 
(iv) 
Relevant Inflation Index 
Benchmark: 
[●][As per the definition in Inflation Linked 
Asset Condition 1] 
 
(v) 
Relevant Rate Benchmark: 
[●][As per the definition in Rate Linked Asset 
Condition 5] 
 
(b) 
Specified Public Source: 
[●][As per the definition in the Definitions 
Condition] 
(If "As per the definition in the Definitions 
Conditions" is selected, all the sources listed in 
the definition of "Specified Public Source" will 
apply) 
 
(c) 
Additional 
Relevant 
Rate 
Benchmark: 
[Not Applicable][Deposit Rate (as defined in 
Condition 
12.2 
of 
Annex 
5, 
Part B, 
Chapter 11)][●] 
(Specify any rate index, benchmark or other 
price source for the purposes of General 
Condition 15.2 that should utilise the rate 
fallback provisions in Rate Linked Asset 
Condition 3) 
 
(d) 
Impacted Index: 
[Not 
Applicable][●] 
(Specify 
an 
index, 
benchmark or price source) 
(This should be "Not Applicable" if the Securities 
are not Rate Linked Securities) 
(If Not Applicable, delete the row below) 
 
Alternative Pre-Nominated Index: 
[●] 
(Specify one or more indices, benchmarks or 
other price sources) 
 
(e) 
Close of Business: 
[●][As per the definition in Rate Linked Asset 
Condition 5] 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
42. 
 
Branch of Account for the purposes of 
General Condition 5.5 (General provisions 
applicable to payments): 
[●][Not Applicable] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer [and the Guarantor] confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.][Not 
Applicable] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:

--- Page 240 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
240 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 241 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
241 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(a) 
[Listing and admission to trading:] 
[Application has been made by the relevant 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Securities to be 
admitted 
to 
trading 
on 
[[the 
Electronic 
Securitised Derivatives Market (SeDeX)][the 
Electronic Bond and Government Securities 
Market (MOT Market)] of Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.]] [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market] [the London Stock Exchange's 
regulated market] [Euronext Dublin's regulated 
market] [the Nasdaq Helsinki Stock Exchange's 
regulated market] [NASDAQ OMX Stockholm 
AB's regulated market] [the Oslo Stock 
Exchange's regulated market] [the Regulated 
Market (Regulierter Markt) of the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange] [Euronext Paris, the regulated 
market operated by Euronext Paris S.A.] 
[EuroTLX] [●] with effect from [][ and to be 
listed on the Official List of [Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.] [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [the 
London Stock Exchange] [Euronext Dublin] 
[Nasdaq Helsinki Stock Exchange] [Nasdaq 
Stockholm][the Oslo Stock Exchange][●]].] 
 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the 
relevant Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Securities 
to be admitted to trading on [[the Electronic 
Securitised Derivatives Market (SeDeX)][the 
Electronic Bond and Government Securities 
Market (MOT Market)] of Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.]][the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market] [the London Stock Exchange's 
regulated market] [Euronext Dublin's regulated 
market] [the Nasdaq Helsinki Stock Exchange's 
regulated market] [NASDAQ OMX Stockholm 
AB's regulated market] [the Oslo Stock 
Exchange's regulated market] [the Regulated 
Market (Regulierter Markt) of the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange] [Euronext Paris, the regulated 
market operated by Euronext Paris S.A.] 
[EuroTLX] with effect from [][ and to be listed 
on the Official List of [Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] [the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [the London 
Stock Exchange] [Euronext Dublin] [Nasdaq 
Helsinki 
Stock 
Exchange] 
[Nasdaq 
Stockholm][the Oslo Stock Exchange][]].] 
 
 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 242 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
242 
 
 
[The original Securities are admitted to trading 
on [[the Electronic Securitised Derivatives 
Market (SeDeX)][the Electronic Bond and 
Government Securities Market (MOT Market)] 
of Borsa Italiana S.p.A.][the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market] [the London Stock 
Exchange's regulated market] [Euronext Dublin's 
regulated market] [the Nasdaq Helsinki Stock 
Exchange's regulated market] [NASDAQ OMX 
Stockholm AB's regulated market] [the Oslo 
Stock 
Exchange's 
regulated 
market] 
[the 
Regulated Market (Regulierter Markt) of the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange] [Euronext Paris, the 
regulated market operated by Euronext Paris 
S.A.] [EuroTLX] [●][ and are listed on the 
Official List of [Borsa Italiana S.p.A][the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange][the London Stock 
Exchange] [Euronext Dublin] [[the Nasdaq 
Helsinki Stock Exchange][Nasdaq Stockholm] 
[the Oslo Stock Exchange][]].] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Securities are already 
admitted to trading) 
 
(b) 
[Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:] 
[] (Only required for Securities with a 
denomination of at least €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency))] 
2. 
 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Securities to be issued have not been rated] 
 
 
[The Securities to be issued have been rated:] 
 
 
[The Securities to be issued are expected to be 
rated:] 
[S&P: 
 
[]] 
[Moody's: 
[]] 
[Fitch Ratings: 
[]] 
[[Other]: 
[]] 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider where a Non-
exempt Offer of Securities is anticipated) 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Securities of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)

--- Page 243 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
243 
 
 
[[(Insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency)] is established in the European 
Union and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended), 
although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority. 
[As such [(insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity)] is not included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with such Regulation.]] 
 
 
[[(Insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency)] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended). [As such [(insert 
the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity)] is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
in accordance with such Regulation.]] 
 
 
[[(Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency)] is not established in the 
European Union and is not registered in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended). [(insert the legal name of the 
relevant non-EU credit rating agency entity)] is 
therefore not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with such Regulation.]] 
 
 
[[(Insert credit rating agency)] is not established 
in the European Union and has not applied for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). 
The ratings have been endorsed by (insert the 
name of the relevant EU-registered credit rating 
agency) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
[(Insert the name of the relevant EU-registered 
credit rating agency)] is established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. As such [(insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU CRA entity)] is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation. The 
European Securities and Markets Authority has 
indicated 
that 
ratings 
issued 
in 
[Japan/Australia/the USA/Canada/Hong Kong/ 
Singapore/Argentina/Mexico/the 
United 
Kingdom (delete as appropriate)], which have 
been endorsed by [(insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU CRA entity that applied for 
registration)], may be used in the EU by the 
relevant market participants.] 
 
 
[(Insert other wording as appropriate)]

--- Page 244 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
244 
3. 
 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
["Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale"] in the Base Prospectus [and save for any fees 
payable to the [Managers/Dealers, and any distributor] in connection with the issue of Securities,] 
so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Securities has an interest material 
to the offer."]/[⚫] [(Amend as appropriate if there are other interests.)] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[][Not Applicable] 
[The 
Securities 
constitute 
[Green/Social] 
Securities and the net proceeds will be used to 
finance and/or refinance one or more of the 
Eligible [Green/Social] Assets described below: 
[Describe 
Eligible 
[Green/Social] 
Assets 
categories, availability of Second-Party Opinion 
and any relevant third party opinions and where 
the information can be obtained] 
 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus - if reasons for offer different from (i) 
what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus and/or 
(ii) financing or refinancing any new or existing 
Eligible [Green/Social] Assets, give details.) 
 
 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.) 
 
(c) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[]/[Not Applicable]7 
(Expenses are required to be broken down into 
each principal intended "use" and presented in 
order of priority of such "uses".) 
5. 
 
[YIELD (Only Fixed Rate Securities) 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[]]  
6. 
 
[PERFORMANCE OF RATES (Floating Rate Securities Only) 
 
Details of performance of [•] rates can be obtained from, [but not] free of charge, [Reuters/give 
details of electronic means of obtaining the details of performance].] 
 
 
7  
Not required for Securities with a denomination per unit of at least € 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency).

--- Page 245 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
245 
7. 
 
[PERFORMANCE OF UNDERLYING AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING 
THE UNDERLYING (Commodity Linked Securities, Bond Linked Securities, Index Linked 
Securities, Inflation Linked Securities, Rate Linked Securities, ETF Linked Securities, Share 
Linked Securities, Fund Linked Securities, Future Linked Securities, Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Securities and Credit Linked Securities only) 
 
[Underlying: 
Where past and future performance [and 
volatility] of the Underlying [or any other 
information in relation to the Underlying (if any)] 
can be obtained from, [but not] free of charge: 
 
 
[] 
(Commodity, 
Bond, 
Index, 
Inflation Index, Benchmark Rate, 
ETF, Share, Fund, Future, Reference 
Entity, Reference Obligation) 
[Further information is set out in 
paragraph [] of these Final Terms] 
[Bloomberg 
Screen:][Reuters 
Screen:][give 
details of electronic means of obtaining the 
details of performance:] 
[www.[]] 
(insert Index Disclaimer if required) 
 
(Repeat as necessary) 
(Repeat as necessary)] 
 
(Where the underlying is an index other than a "Custom Index" need to include the name of the 
index and details of where the information about the index can be obtained.) 
 
(Where the underlying is an index designated as a "Custom Index", need to specify the website of 
the index provider, which must include the complete set of rules of the index and information on 
the performance of the index, except where the administrator of the index is included in the public 
register maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority under Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/2011.) 
 
Custom Indices 
Securities issued under the Programme may be 
linked to the performance of certain indices. 
Where any Securities are linked to the 
performance of an index which is designated as 
a "Custom Index" in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) the complete set of rules of the index and 
information on the performance of the index are 
freely accessible on the index provider's website, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) the governing rules (including methodology 
of the index for the selection and the re-
balancing of the components of the index, 
description of market disruption events and 
adjustment rules) are based on predetermined 
and objective criteria. 
Custom Indices are provided by a legal entity or 
natural person acting on behalf of or in 
association of the Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt, "Custom Indices" 
are therefore not composed by the relevant Issuer 
or by any legal entity belonging to its group. 
 
(When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)

--- Page 246 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
246 
 
(N.B. The above applies if the Securities are derivative securities to which Annex 17 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 applies.) 
 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer [does not] intend to publish post-issuance information in relation to any underlying 
element to which the Securities are linked. [This information will relate to [] and can be obtained 
[at][on] [].]] 
8. 
 
[PERFORMANCE 
OF 
PREFERENCE 
SHARE 
UNDERLYING 
AND 
OTHER 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING 
THE 
PREFERENCE 
SHARE 
UNDERLYING 
(Preference Share Linked Securities only) 
 
[Preference Share Underlying: 
[●] 
 
Where past and future performance 
and volatility of the Preference Share 
Underlying can be found: 
The performance of the Preference Shares, and 
accordingly the Preference Share Linked 
Securities, is linked to the performance of the 
Preference 
Share 
Underlying, 
information 
relating to which can be obtained from, [but not] 
free of charge: 
 
[Any other information in relation to 
the Preference Share Underlying (if 
any)]  
information relating to which can be obtained 
from, [but not] free of charge: 
 
 
[Bloomberg 
Screen:][Reuters 
Screen:][give 
details of electronic means of obtaining the 
details of performance:] 
[www.[●]] 
 
(Repeat as necessary) 
(Repeat as necessary) 
 
(When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
 
(N.B. The above applies if the Securities are derivative securities to which Annex 17 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 applies.)] 
9. 
 
[PERFORMANCE OF RATE[S] OF EXCHANGE AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING (FX Linked Securities only) 
 
[Underlying: 
Where past and future performance [and 
volatility] of the Underlying [or any other 
information in relation to the Underlying (if any)] 
can be obtained from, [but not] free of charge: 
 
 
[] (FX Rate) 
[Bloomberg 
Screen:][Reuters 
Screen:][give 
details of electronic means of obtaining the 
details of performance:] 
[www.[]] 
 
(Repeat as necessary) 
(Repeat as necessary) 
 
(When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger (the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.))

--- Page 247 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
247 
 
(N.B. The above applies if the Securities are derivative securities to which Annex 17 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 applies.)] 
10. 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
(Items identified below with *** are not required 
for Securities with a denomination of at least € 
100,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency) 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(b) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(i) 
Names [and addresses*** 
and 
underwriting 
commitments***] 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable] [/give names[, addresses and 
underwriting commitments***]] 
[(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and addresses of 
the entities agreeing to place the issue without a 
firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if 
such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.)***] 
 
(ii) 
[Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[]***] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilising Manager: 
[Not Applicable][Give name] 
 
(c) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
[and 
address***] of Dealer: 
[Not 
Applicable][The 
following 
Dealer[s] 
[is][are] procuring subscribers for the Securities: 
[give name [and address***]] 
 
(d) 
[Indication of the overall amount of 
the underwriting commission and of 
the placing commission***: 
[[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount***] 
 
(e) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[For all Securities other than U.S. Securities: to 
a Permitted Transferee outside the United States 
in accordance with Regulation S][For U.S. 
Securities: Rule 144A/Reg. S Compliance 
Category [1][2][3]] 
[Securities in Bearer Form – TEFRA C / TEFRA 
D / TEFRA NOT APPLICABLE] 
 
(f) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Securities do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Securities do constitute 
"packaged" products for the purpose of the 
PRIIPs Regulation and a key information 
document will be prepared, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified. If the Securities may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information 
document 
will 
be 
prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 248 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
248 
 
(g) 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:]  
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Securities do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Securities do constitute 
"packaged" products for the purpose of the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation and a key information 
document will be prepared, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified. If the Securities may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information 
document 
will 
be 
prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(h) 
[Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel 
before 
disapplying 
this 
selling 
restriction)] 
 
(i) 
[Prohibition of Offer to Private 
Clients in Switzerland: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(j) 
U.S. 
Dividend 
Equivalent 
Withholding: 
[The Securities are [not] subject to withholding 
under 
the 
Section 
871(m) 
Regulations. 
[Additional 
information 
regarding 
the 
application of the Section 871(m) Regulations to 
the Securities will be available from [give 
name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact].]] [As 
at the date of these Final Terms, the Issuer has 
not determined whether the Securities are subject 
to withholding under the Section 871(m) 
Regulations; however, indicatively it considers 
that they will [not] be subject to such 
withholding. This is indicative information only, 
subject to change, and if the Issuer's final 
determination is different then it will give notice 
of such determination. [Please contact [give 
name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact] for 
further information regarding the application of 
the 
Section 
871(m) 
Regulations 
to 
the 
Securities.]]8 (The Securities will not be subject 
to withholding under the Section 871(m) 
Regulations if they (i) are issued prior to January 
1, 2023 and are not "delta-one" for U.S. tax 
purposes or (ii) do not reference any U.S. equity 
or any index that contains any component U.S. 
equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities. If the Securities 
reference a U.S. equity or an index that contains 
a component U.S. equity or otherwise provide 
direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities and 
(i) are issued prior to January 1, 2023 and 
provide a return that does not differ significantly 
from the return on an investment in the 
underlying, or (ii) are issued on or after January 
1, 2023, further analysis would be required.)] 
11. 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(a) 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
 
 
8  
This formulation to be used if the Issuer has not made a determination regarding whether the Securities are subject to withholding 
as of the date of the Final Terms.

--- Page 249 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
249 
 
(b) 
Temporary ISIN: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
(d) 
VALOREN Code: 
[Not Applicable][] 
 
(e) 
Other 
applicable 
security 
identification number: 
[Not Applicable] [] (Specify) 
 
(f) 
Relevant clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable][] 
[CUSIP][][CINS] 
[Swedish 
CSD: 
[Euroclear 
Sweden 
AB, 
Klarabergsviadukten 63, Box 191, SE-101 23 
Stockholm, Sweden][]] 
(Include for Swedish Securities) 
[Norwegian CSD: [Verdipapirsentralen ASA, 
Fred. Olsens Gate 1, P.O. Box 1174 Sentrum, 
0107 Oslo, Norway][]] 
(Include for Norwegian Securities) 
[Finnish CSD: [Euroclear Finland Oy, P.O. Box 
1110, 00101 Helsinki, Finland][]] 
(Include for Finnish Securities) 
[Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited, 33 Cannon 
Street, London EC4M 5SB.] 
(Include for EUI Securities) 
[Euroclear France SA, 66 Rue de La Victoire 
Paris, 75009 France][] 
(Include for French Law Securities) 
 
(g) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(h) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable][] 
[Swedish Issuing Agent: []] 
(Include for Swedish Securities) 
[Norwegian Issuing Agent: [Nordea Bank AB 
(Publ), Filial i Norge][] 
(Include for Norwegian Securities) 
[Finnish Issuing Agent: []] 
(Include for Finnish Securities) 
[Italian Issuing Agent: []] 
(Include for Italian Securities) 
[EUI Agent: []] 
(Include for EUI Securities)

--- Page 250 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
250 
 
(i) 
Securities intended to be held in a 
manner 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[No][Yes] 
[(Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Securities are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[ and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper, (include this text for registered 
securities which are to be held under the NSS)] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Securities 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.)] 
(Include this text if "yes" selected, in which case 
Bearer Securities must be issued in NGN form) 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such 
that the Securities are capable of meeting them, 
the Securities may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper)[ (and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper(include this 
text for Registered Global Securities)]. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Securities 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
(Include this text if "no" selected) 
12. 
 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
 
Benchmark 
Regulation: 
Article 
29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable: Amounts payable 
under the Securities are calculated by reference 
to [insert name[s] of benchmark(s)], which 
[is/are] provided by [insert name[s] of the 
administrator[s] – if more than one specify in 
relation to each relevant benchmark].  
 
 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] 
included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by [the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA)][ESMA] pursuant to article 36 of [the 
Benchmark 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011) (the Benchmarks Regulation)][the 
Benchmarks Regulation] (Repeat as necessary)] 
13. 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER (Only applicable for Securities with a 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and not issued 
pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation

--- Page 251 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
251 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][] 
[(with the Issue Price per Security being payable 
in [(insert relevant currency)] and converted in 
the Specified Currency at the [(describe relevant 
exchange rate)] exchange rate displayed on 
[(described relevant price source)] at [(insert 
relevant time)], on [the [relevant] Trade 
Date][], i.e. [(quote relevant exchange rate)]] 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable][] 
 
Total amount of the securities offered to the 
public/admitted to trading; if the amount is not 
fixed, an indication of the maximum amount 
of the securities to be offered (if available) and 
a description of the arrangements and time for 
announcing to the public the definitive amount 
of the offer:  
[] 
 
The time period, including any possible 
amendments, during which the offer will be 
open and description of the application 
process: 
[] 
(Give details including the time period, and any 
possible amendments, during which the offer will 
be open) 
 
Description of the possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
amounts paid in excess by applicants: 
[Not Applicable][] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of the application (whether in number 
of securities or aggregate amount to invest): 
[Not Applicable][] 
 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Securities: 
[] 
 
A full description of the manner in and date on 
which results of the offer are to be made 
public: 
[] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription rights 
and treatment of subscription rights not 
exercised: 
[] 
 
The various categories of potential investors to 
which the securities are offered: 
[] 
 
Whether a tranche has been or is being 
reserved for certain countries, indicate any 
such tranche: 
[Not Applicable][] 
 
Process for notifying applicants of the amount 
allotted and an indication whether dealing may 
begin before notification is made: 
[Not Applicable][] 
 
Indication of the amount of any expenses and 
taxes charged to the subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable][] 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II and/or the 
PRIIPs Regulation such that it is required to 
disclose information relating to costs and 
charges, also include that information)

--- Page 252 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
252 
 
In the case of admission to trading on a 
regulated market, the name and address of the 
entities which have a firm commitment to act 
as intermediaries in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer rates 
and description of the main terms of their 
commitments: 
[] 
 
Non-Exempt Offer Consent of the Issuer to use 
the Base Prospectus during the Offer Period: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable. An offer of the 
Securities may be made by [the Dealers] [and 
[(specify, if applicable)] (the Initial Authorised 
Offeror)] 
[and 
any 
additional 
financial 
intermediaries who have or obtain the Issuer's 
[specific] consent to use the Base Prospectus in 
connection with the Non-exempt Offer and who 
are identified on [the website at www.[] (the 
Additional Authorised Offeror)] [and each 
additional financial intermediary who has 
accepted the Issuer's offer of general consent to 
use the Base Prospectus in connection with the 
Non-exempt Offer by publishing  on such 
additional financial intermediary's website or the 
website of the Initial Authorised Offeror (if any) 
that it is using the Base Prospectus for such Non-
exempt Offer in accordance with the general 
consent of the Issuer (the General Authorised 
Offeror) (together, the Authorised Offerors) 
other than pursuant to Articles 1(4) and/or 3(2) 
of the Prospectus Regulation in [Luxembourg] 
[Belgium] [France] [Germany] [Ireland] [Italy] 
[Portugal] [The Netherlands] [Finland] [Sweden] 
[Norway] [and] [Spain] [(specify relevant 
State(s) - which must be jurisdictions where the 
Base Prospectus and any supplements have been 
approved or passported)] (the Non-exempt 
Offer Jurisdictions) during the period from 
[(specify date)] until [(specify date)] (the Offer 
Period).] (Only required for Securities with a 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency) 
 
Conditions attached to the consent of the 
relevant Issuer to use the Base Prospectus: 
[Not Applicable] 
[General Consent] 
[Specific Consent]

--- Page 253 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
253 
 
Authorised Offeror(s): 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
[Legal entity identifier (LEI):] [•] 
[(Insert name(s) and address(es) of the financial 
intermediary(ies) appointed by the relevant 
Issuer to act as Initial Authorised Offeror(s))] 
[To the extent it satisfies the conditions set out 
under 
["Retail 
Cascades" 
in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus][ and ][the section "Other conditions 
to consent" below]. 
[and] 
[Any additional financial intermediary appointed 
by the Issuer and as identified on [the website at 
www.[•]] (the Additional Authorised Offeror)] 
[and] 
[Any additional financial intermediary which 
satisfies the conditions set out under ["Retail 
Cascades" in the Base Prospectus][ and ][the 
section "Other conditions to consent" below] (the 
General Authorised Offeror).] 
 
Other conditions to consent: 
[Not Applicable][] 
(Where the relevant Issuer has given a "General 
Consent" to any financial intermediary to use the 
Base 
Prospectus, 
specify 
any 
additional 
conditions to consent or any condition replacing 
the conditions set under "Retail Cascades" in the 
Base Prospectus.) 
(Where the relevant Issuer has given a "Specific 
Consent" to a financial intermediary to use the 
Base 
Prospectus, 
specify 
any 
applicable 
conditions to consent.) 
(Where 
Authorised 
Offeror(s) 
have 
been 
designated herein, specify any applicable 
conditions to consent.) 
 
REPRESENTATION OF HOLDERS 
 
 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If Representation of Holders applies, insert the 
sections below) 
 
Masse:  
[Contractual Representation of Holders/No 
Masse]/[Contractual Masse]/[Full Masse] 
(If Full Masse or Contractual Masse applies, 
insert the sections below) 
 
Name and address of the Representative: 
[] 
 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
alternate 
Representative: 
[]

--- Page 254 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
254 
 
The Representative will receive remuneration 
of: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
Identification information of Holders in 
relation to French Law Securities (General 
Condition 1.1): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
The forms of representation will be available 
at: 
 
www.[]

--- Page 255 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
255 
[PART [C] – MULTIPLE REFERENCE ENTITIES] 
Please also refer to paragraph "Credit Linked Securities" of these Final Terms for further variables with respect to 
Credit Linked Securities. 
Reference Entity: [][The group of Reference Entities listed in the table "Group []" below]. [The [Reference 
Entity][group of Reference Entities listed in the table "Group []" below] [is][are] Monoline Insurer[s]] (Repeat 
the sub-paragraphs below as needed so that there is one table per Reference Entity or group of Reference Entities 
per transaction type). 
 
(a) 
Specified Currency(ies): 
[] 
 
(b) 
Maximum Maturity: 
[][Not Applicable][30 years][Insert other] 
 
(c) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][As set out in the 
table "Group []" below] (If there are multiple 
Reference 
Obligations, 
repeat 
the 
sub-
paragraphs below as needed) 
 
The obligation identified as follows: 
 
 
− 
Primary Obligor: 
[] 
 
− 
Maturity: 
[] 
 
− 
Coupon: 
[] 
 
− 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[] 
 
(d) 
Standard Reference Obligation(s): 
[Applicable 
– 
the 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation(s) 
[is][are] 
the 
Reference 
Obligation(s)][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior 
Level][Subordinated 
Level][Not 
Specified] 
 
(e) 
Non-Reference Entity Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation(s): 
[Applicable – the Reference Obligation(s) 
specified above will constitute [a] valid Original 
Non-Standard 
Reference 
Obligation(s).][Not 
Applicable] 
(If the Reference Obligation specified at sub-
paragraph (c) above is not an obligation of the 
Reference Entity specified above, such Reference 
Obligation will not constitute a valid Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation unless Non-
Reference 
Entity 
Original 
Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation is specified as applicable) 
 
(f) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Credit Event: 
[Bankruptcy] [Failure to Pay] 
[Obligation Acceleration] [Obligation Default] 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
[Restructuring] 
[Governmental Intervention]

--- Page 256 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
256 
 
− 
Payment Requirement: 
[$1,000,000][] 
[As 
per 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 10] 
($1,000,000 or its equivalent in the Obligation 
Currency if not specified) 
 
− 
Default Requirement: 
[$10,000,000][][As 
per 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 10] 
($10,000,000 or its equivalent in the Obligation 
Currency if not specified) 
 
− 
Restructuring (Additional provisions (if 
any) where Restructuring is specified as 
applicable in paragraph (g) above): 
[Not Applicable][Mod R Applicable][Mod Mod 
R Applicable][Multiple Holder Obligations: Not 
Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment][Borrowed 
Money] 
[Reference 
Obligations Only] [Bond][Loan][Bond or Loan] 
 
(i) 
Obligation Characteristic(s) 
[None][Not 
Subordinated][Specified 
Currency][Not Sovereign Lender][Not Domestic 
Currency][Not 
Domestic 
Law][Listed][Not 
Domestic Issuance] 
 
(j) 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
[Payment][Borrowed 
Money] 
[Reference 
Obligations Only] [Bond][Loan][Bond or Loan] 
 
(k) 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristic(s) 
[None][Not Subordinated][Specified Currency] 
[Not Sovereign Lender][Not Domestic Currency] 
[Not Domestic Law][Not Domestic Issuance] 
[Assignable Loan][Consent Required Loan] 
[Transferable][Maximum Maturity] [Not Bearer] 
[Listed][Direct Loan Participation] [Accelerated 
or Matured] 
 
(l) 
Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(m) 
Capped Reference Entity(ies): 
[Applicable – the Reference Entity is a Capped 
Reference 
Entity][Not 
Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable if the Settlement Method or, if 
applicable, Fallback Settlement Method is 
Physical Settlement) 
 
(n) 
LPN Reference Entity: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(o) 
Excluded Obligation: 
[Not Applicable][] 
 
(p) 
Obligation: 
[] [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(q) 
Deliverable Obligation: 
[] [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(r) 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation: 
[Not Applicable][] 
 
(s) 
Domestic Currency: 
[Lawful 
currency 
of 
[Canada][Japan] 
[Switzerland][the United Kingdom] [United 
States of America]][Euro] [] [As per Credit 
Linked Condition 10] 
 
(t) 
Domestic Law: 
[Laws of England][Laws of the State of New 
York] [As per Credit Linked Condition 10]

--- Page 257 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
257 
 
(u) 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Grace Period (for the purposes of 
sub-paragraph (b) in the definition of 
"Grace Period" in Credit Linked 
Condition 10): 
[30 calendar days][] 
 
(w) 
Grace Period Extension: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Additional Provisions: 
[Applicable []][Not Applicable] 
 
(y) 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[Reference Entity: [][The group of Reference Entities listed in the table "Group []" below] [The [Reference 
Entity][group of Reference Entities listed in the table "Group []" below] [is][are] Monoline Insurer[s]] (Repeat 
the sub-paragraphs below as needed so that there is one table per Reference Entity or group of Reference Entities 
per transaction type) 
 
(a) 
Specified Currency(ies): 
[] 
 
(b) 
Maximum Maturity: 
[][Not Applicable][30 years][Insert other] 
 
(c) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][As set out in the 
table "Group []" below] (If there are multiple 
Reference 
Obligations, 
repeat 
the 
sub-
paragraphs below as needed) 
 
The obligation identified as follows: 
 
 
− 
Primary Obligor: 
[] 
 
− 
Maturity: 
[] 
 
− 
Coupon: 
[] 
 
− 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[] 
 
(d) 
Standard Reference Obligation(s): 
[Applicable 
– 
the 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation(s) 
[is][are] 
the 
Reference 
Obligation(s)][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior 
Level][Subordinated 
Level][Not 
Specified] 
 
(e) 
Non-Reference Entity Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation(s): 
[Applicable – the Reference Obligation(s) 
specified above will constitute [a] valid Original 
Non-Standard 
Reference 
Obligation(s).][Not 
Applicable] 
(If the Reference Obligation specified at 
paragraph (c) above is not an obligation of the 
Reference Entity specified above, such Reference 
Obligation will not constitute a valid Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation unless Non-
Reference 
Entity 
Original 
Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation is specified as applicable) 
 
(f) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 258 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
258 
 
(g) 
Credit Event: 
[Bankruptcy] [Failure to Pay] [Obligation 
Acceleration] 
[Obligation 
Default] 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
[Restructuring] 
[Governmental Intervention] 
 
− 
Payment Requirement: 
[$1,000,000][] 
[As 
per 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 10] 
($1,000,000 or its equivalent in the Obligation 
Currency if not specified) 
 
− 
Default Requirement: 
[$10,000,000][][As 
per 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 10] 
($10,000,000 or its equivalent in the Obligation 
Currency if not specified) 
 
− 
Restructuring (Additional provisions (if 
any) where Restructuring is specified as 
applicable in paragraph (g) above): 
[Not Applicable] [Mod R Applicable] [Mod Mod 
R Applicable] [Multiple Holder Obligations: Not 
Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed 
Money] 
[Reference 
Obligations Only] [Bond] [Loan] [Bond or Loan] 
 
(i) 
Obligation Characteristic(s) 
[None] [Not Subordinated] [Specified Currency] 
[Not 
Sovereign 
Lender] 
[Not 
Domestic 
Currency] [Not Domestic Law] [Listed] [Not 
Domestic Issuance] 
 
(j) 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed 
Money] 
[Reference 
Obligations Only] [Bond] [Loan] [Bond or Loan] 
 
(k) 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristic(s) 
[None] [Not Subordinated] [Specified Currency] 
[Not 
Sovereign 
Lender] 
[Not 
Domestic 
Currency] [Not Domestic Law] [Not Domestic 
Issuance] [Assignable Loan] [Consent Required 
Loan] [Transferable] [Maximum Maturity] [Not 
Bearer] [Listed] [Direct Loan Participation]  
[Accelerated or Matured] 
 
(l) 
Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(m) 
Capped Reference Entity(ies): 
[Applicable – the Reference Entity is a Capped 
Reference Entity][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable if the Settlement Method or, if 
applicable, Fallback Settlement Method is 
Physical Settlement) 
 
(n) 
LPN Reference Entity: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(o) 
Excluded Obligation: 
[Not Applicable][] 
 
(p) 
Obligation: 
[] [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(q) 
Deliverable Obligation: 
[] [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(r) 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation: 
[Not Applicable][]

--- Page 259 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
259 
 
(s) 
Domestic Currency: 
[Lawful 
currency 
of 
[Canada] 
[Japan] 
[Switzerland] [the United Kingdom] [United 
States of America]] [Euro] [] [As per Credit 
Linked Condition 10] 
 
(t) 
Domestic Law: 
[Laws of England] [Laws of the State of New 
York] [As per Credit Linked Condition 10] 
 
(u) 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Grace Period (for the purposes of 
sub-paragraph (b) in the definition of 
"Grace Period" in Credit Linked 
Condition 10): 
[30 calendar days][] 
 
(w) 
Grace Period Extension: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Additional Provisions: 
[Applicable []][Not Applicable]] 
 
(y) 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 260 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
260 
[TABLES RELATING TO GROUPS OF REFERENCE ENTITIES] 
(Repeat the table below as needed so that there is one table per group of Reference Entities per transaction type) 
GROUP [] 
Reference Entity* 
Reference Obligation 
Weight (in %) 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
GROUP [] 
Reference Entity* 
Reference Obligation 
Weight (in %) 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
* 
If the Reference Entity or Reference Obligation comprises of a single entity or obligation, or in the case of a pool of underlying 
where a single reference entity or reference obligation represents 20 % or more of the pool, please also add address, country of 
incorporation, industry or industries in which the Reference Entity (or the Issuer of the Reference Obligation) operates and the name 
of the regulated market in which its securities are admitted.

--- Page 261 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
261 
[PART [D] – MULTIPLE BONDS] 
Please also refer to paragraph "Bond Linked Securities" of these Final Terms for further variables with respect to 
Bond Linked Securities. 
Bond: [] (Repeat the sub-paragraphs below as needed so that there is one table per Bond) 
 
(a) 
Bond Event: 
[Failure to Pay] [Bond Acceleration] [Bond 
Default] 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
[Restructuring] [Bond Early Redemption] 
 
(b) 
Bond Issuer: 
[] 
 
The obligation identified as follows: 
 
 
− 
Redemption Date: 
[] 
 
− 
Coupon: 
[] 
 
− 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[] 
 
− 
Principal Amount outstanding at the 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
(c) 
Grace Period Extension: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Bond Nominal Amount: 
[] 
 
[Bond: [] 
 
(a) 
Bond Event: 
[Failure to Pay] [Bond Acceleration] [Bond 
Default] 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
[Restructuring] [Bond Early Redemption] 
 
(b) 
Bond Issuer: 
[] 
 
The obligation identified as follows: 
 
 
− 
Redemption Date: 
[] 
 
− 
Coupon: 
[] 
 
− 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[] 
 
− 
Principal Amount outstanding at the 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
(c) 
Grace Period Extension: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Bond Nominal Amount: 
[]]

--- Page 262 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
262 
[PART [E] – INDEX SPONSOR DISCLAIMER] 
[Insert name of index] 
[Insert disclaimer of index sponsor]

--- Page 263 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
263 
[PART [F] – SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH SERIES] 
(Insert table, if applicable, setting out information that differs across the multiple series of Securities to which 
these Final Terms relate provided that such information is set out in the form of Final Terms above. Please note, 
variables may only be included in this table if they are directly taken from the form of Final Terms set out above 
and complete such variables by reference to the associated placeholder (ie, the information which is not 
required to be included in the Base Prospectus, is not known at the time of the approval of the Base Prospectus 
and may be inserted in these Final Terms, in each case pursuant to Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980)) 
 
 
Series Number 
Aggregate Nominal 
Amount 
ISIN Code 
Common Code 
Issue Price 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
(include additional rows depending on the number of series of Securities)

--- Page 264 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
 
264 
[ANNEX – INSERT ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY] 
(Only required for Securities which have a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency))

--- Page 265 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
 
265 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
This section provides an introduction to the terms and conditions of the Securities. 
This introductory section does not form part of the Terms and Conditions. 
The following sections below (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the annexes below) together form the terms 
and conditions of the Securities (the Terms and Conditions) which (i) in the case of Securities other than 
Dematerialised Securities and French Law Securities, will be incorporated by reference into each Global Security 
(as defined below) and each Definitive Security, in the latter case only if permitted by the rules of the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer at 
the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such Definitive Security will have endorsed thereon or 
attached thereto such Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Securities and French Law 
Securities, will apply to such Dematerialised Securities and French Law Securities (as applicable). The applicable 
Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Security and 
Definitive Security or, in the case of Dematerialised Securities and French Law Securities, will apply to such 
Dematerialised Securities and French Law Securities (as the case may be). Reference should be made to "Form 
of the Final Terms" for a description of the content of the Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are 
to apply in relation to the relevant Securities. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
CONTENTS OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Contents  
Page 
General Conditions 
266 
Definitions Conditions 
339 
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
374 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
533 
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
604 
Annex 4 - Alternative Currency Conditions 
625 
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
627 
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
688 
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
752 
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
815 
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
831 
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
835 
Annex 11 – Preference Share Linked Conditions 
868

--- Page 266 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
266 
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
This section sets out the terms and conditions that apply to all Securities. 
The following are the general conditions (the General Conditions) that apply to the Securities.  
The following are the General Conditions that will apply to all Securities together with the Definitions Conditions, 
as supplemented in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Final Terms and any applicable Additional 
Conditions specified to be applicable in such Final Terms. Where any Additional Conditions are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms for any Securities, the General Conditions shall be subject to the provisions contained in 
such Additional Conditions and will not apply to the extent they are inconsistent with the provisions of such 
Additional Conditions. In all cases, these General Conditions, the Definitions Conditions and the provisions of 
such Additional Conditions shall be subject to the applicable Final Terms, and will not apply to the extent they 
are inconsistent with the provisions of such Final Terms. 
This Security is (i) a note (a Note) or a certificate (a Certificate), as specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
(ii) one of a Series (as defined below) of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
(Crédit Agricole CIB) or Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions (Crédit Agricole CIB FS) or Crédit Agricole 
CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A. (Crédit Agricole CIB FL) or any substitute or additional issuer which accedes to 
the Programme in accordance with General Condition 17 (each an Issuer and together, the Issuers) pursuant to 
the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
In relation to any Series of Securities, references to "Issuer" in these Terms and Conditions means the Issuer 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
References herein to the Securities shall be references to the Securities of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Securities represented by a global Security (a Global Security), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Security; 
(iii) 
any Definitive Securities in bearer form issued in exchange for a Global Security in bearer form; 
(iv) 
Definitive Securities in registered form (whether or not issued in exchange for a Global Security in 
registered form);  
(v) 
any Dematerialised Securities;  
(vi)  
any French Law Securities; and 
(vii) 
any Materialised Securities in bearer form. 
The Securities may be governed by "English Law" ,"Irish "Law" or "French Law", as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  References to English Law Securities, Irish Law Securities or French Law Securities are to 
Securities governed by English law, Securities governed by Irish law and Securities governed by French law, 
respectively. 
The Securities, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended 
and restated agency agreement (such agency agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 7 May 2021, and made between the Issuers, Crédit Agricole CIB as 
guarantor (the Guarantor), Crédit Agricole CIB as French Paying Agent and Fiscal Agent (the French Paying 
Agent and the Fiscal Agent), CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg Branch as principal paying agent and agent bank (the 
Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent) and the other 
paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent and the French Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg 
Branch as exchange agent (the Exchange Agent, which expression shall include any successor exchange agent), 
CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include any successor 
registrar), Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank as delivery agent (the Delivery Agent, which

--- Page 267 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
267 
expression shall include any person or entity to whom Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank has 
delegated such role and shall also include any additional or successor delivery agent) and CACEIS Bank, 
Luxembourg Branch as transfer agent and the other transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the 
Transfer Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents and such Registrar, 
Transfer Agents, Exchange Agent, Fiscal Agent, Paying Agents, Principal Paying Agent and Delivery Agent being 
together referred to as the Agents). 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, and for the purpose of allowing clearing of Securities in alternative 
clearing systems, any series may, in full but not in part, be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry 
form (Dematerialised Securities) in accordance with all applicable laws of the relevant jurisdiction of such 
alternative clearing system and the rules and regulations of such alternative clearing system. Such Securities will 
not have the benefit of the Agency Agreement and will instead be subject to an agency agreement (a Local Agency 
Agreement) between, inter alia, the relevant Issuer and a local agent (a Local Agent) as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, who will act as issuing and paying agent in respect of such Dematerialised Securities. References 
herein to the Principal Paying Agent or Registrar should be read as references to such Local Agent where there is 
such a Local Agency Agreement, and to the extent that the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Securities are 
inconsistent with the terms of such Local Agency Agreement, the terms of the Local Agency Agreement shall 
prevail. Each Series of Securities that are Swedish Securities, Norwegian Securities or Finnish Securities will be 
subject to a Local Agency Agreement, where the Local Paying Agent will be the Swedish Issuing Agent, 
Norwegian Issuing Agent or Finnish Issuing Agent, respectively, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Securities designated as "Swedish Securities" in the applicable Final Terms (Swedish Securities) will constitute 
Dematerialised Securities issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with the 
Swedish Central Securities Depository and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (in Swedish: lag (1998:1479) om 
värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) and all other applicable Swedish laws, 
regulations and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by the Swedish central securities depository (in 
Swedish: central värdepappersförvarare) from time to time (Swedish CSD Rules) designated as the relevant 
clearing system in the applicable Final Terms for the Swedish Securities (which is expected to be Euroclear 
Sweden AB) (the Swedish CSD). The Swedish Securities shall be regarded as Registered Securities for the 
purposes of these Terms and Conditions save to the extent the relevant Terms and Conditions are inconsistent with 
the Swedish CSD Rules and these Terms and Conditions shall be construed accordingly. No Physical Global or 
Definitive Securities, coupons, receipts, talons or certificates will be issued in respect of Swedish Securities and 
the provisions relating to presentation, surrender or replacement of such bearer instruments shall not apply. 
Securities designated as "Norwegian Securities" in the applicable Final Terms (Norwegian Securities) will be 
issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with the Norwegian Securities Register 
Act (in Norwegian: lov om registrering av finansielle instrumenter av 5. juli 2002 nr.64). The Norwegian 
Securities shall be regarded as Securities represented by global securities for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities save to the extent that otherwise is specified in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities or the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Securities are inconsistent with Norwegian laws, regulations 
and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by the relevant Norwegian central securities depository (in 
Norwegian: verdipapirregister) from time to time (the Norwegian CSD Rules) designated as relevant clearing 
system for the Norwegian Securities in the applicable Final Terms (which is expected to be Verdipapirsentralen 
ASA (VPS)) (the Norwegian CSD). No Physical Global or Definitive Securities or certificates will be issued in 
respect of Norwegian Securities and the provisions relating to presentation, surrender or replacement of such bearer 
instruments shall not apply. 
Securities designated as "Finnish Securities" in the applicable Final Terms (Finnish Securities) will constitute 
Dematerialised Securities issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with the 
Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (in Finnish Laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja 
selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017), the Finnish Act on Book-Entry Accounts (in Finnish Laki arvo-osuustileistä 
827/1991, as amended) and all other applicable Finnish laws, regulations and operating procedures applicable to 
and/or issued by the Finnish central securities depository from time to time (the Finnish CSD Rules) designated 
as the relevant clearing system for the Finnish Securities in the applicable Final Terms (which is expected to be 
Euroclear Finland Oy) (the Finnish CSD). No Physical Global or Definitive Securities or certificates will be issued 
in respect of Finnish Securities other than as provided below and the provisions relating to presentation, surrender 
or replacement of such physical bearer instruments shall not apply. Payments of nominal, interest (if any) or any

--- Page 268 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
268 
other amounts on any Finnish Security will be made through the Finnish CSD in accordance with the Finnish CSD 
Rules. The Finnish CSD will not have qualified intermediary status. 
Securities designated as "EUI Securities" will be held in registered uncertificated form in accordance with the 
Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001, including any modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being 
in force (the EUI Regulations) and as such are dematerialised and not constituted by any physical document of 
title. The EUI Securities are participating securities for the purposes of the EUI Regulations. Title to the EUI 
Securities is recorded on the relevant Operator register of corporate securities.  
Holders of EUI Securities are referred to in Chapter 8 of the Crest Manual International contained in the CREST 
Manual issued by CREST (as the same may be amended, modified, varied or supplemented from time to time). 
The CREST International Manual contains the form of CREST Deed Poll entered into by the Crest Depository 
(the Crest Deed Poll). The rights of the holders of EUI Securities will be governed by the arrangements between 
CREST, Euroclear, Clearstream and the Issuer including the Crest Deed Poll. The EUI Agent on behalf of the 
Issuer shall, in relation to the EUI Securities, maintain a record of uncertificated corporate securities in accordance 
with the records of Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (EUI or CREST) (formerly known as CRESTCo Limited) 
(the Record) and shall procure that the Record is regularly updated to reflect the Operator register of corporate 
securities in accordance with the rules and practices from time to time of the Operator. Subject to this requirement, 
(i) each person who is for the time being shown in the Record as the holder of a particular number of EUI Securities 
shall be treated by the Issuer and the EUI Agent as the holder of such number of EUI Securities for all purposes 
(and the expression EUI Holder and related expressions shall be construed accordingly), and (ii) neither the Issuer, 
the Guarantor nor the EUI Agent shall be liable in respect of any act or thing done or omitted to be done by it or 
on its behalf in reliance upon the assumption that the particulars entered in the Record which the EUI Agent 
maintains are in accordance with particulars entered in the Operator register of corporate securities relating to the 
EUI Securities. 
In the event that the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Securities, as the case may be, are inconsistent with the 
Swedish CSD Rules, the Norwegian CSD Rules, the Finnish CSD Rules, the EUI Regulation or any other 
applicable local Clearing System Rules, as the case may be, such Swedish CSD Rules, Norwegian CSD Rules, 
Finnish CSD Rules, or, as the case may be, local Clearing System Rules shall prevail. 
Interest bearing Definitive Bearer Securities have interest coupons (Coupons) and, if indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms, talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons 
shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Definitive Bearer 
Securities repayable in instalments have receipts (Receipts) for the payment of the instalments of nominal (other 
than the final instalment) attached on issue. Registered Securities and Global Securities do not have Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The Final Terms for this Security (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Security and complete these Terms and Conditions. References to the applicable 
Final Terms are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this 
Security. 
Where this Security is an English Law Security issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL, the 
payment of all amounts in respect of this Securities has been guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to a deed of 
guarantee governed by English Law (the English Guarantee) dated 7 May 2021, executed by the Guarantor. The 
original of the English Guarantee is held by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the Securityholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders in respect of English Law Securities at its specified office. 
Where this Security is an Irish Law Security issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL, the 
payment of all amounts in respect of this Security has been guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to a deed of 
guarantee governed by Irish Law (the Irish Guarantee) dated 7 May 2021, executed by the Guarantor. The 
original of the Irish Guarantee is held by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the Securityholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders in respect of Irish Law Securities at its specified office. 
Where this Security is an French Law Security issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL, the 
payment of all amounts in respect of this Security has been guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to a deed of 
guarantee governed by French Law (the French Guarantee) dated 7 May 2021, executed by the Guarantor. The

--- Page 269 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
269 
original of the French Guarantee is held by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the Securityholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders in respect of French Law Securities at its specified office. 
The term Guarantee is used in these Terms and Conditions to refer to the English Guarantee, the Irish Guarantee 
or the French Guarantee, as the context requires. 
Any reference to Securityholders or holders in relation to any Securities shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Securities) the holders of the Securities and (in the case of Registered Securities) the persons in whose name the 
Securities are registered and shall, in relation to any Securities represented by a global Security, be construed as 
provided below. Any reference herein to Receiptholders shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference 
herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
include the holders of the Talons. The terms Securityholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders are used in 
these Terms and Conditions to refer to such holders of Securities, Receipts and Coupons, respectively, of a Series 
of English Law Securities, Irish Law Securities or French Law Securities, as the context requires. 
As used herein, Tranche means Securities which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading, as applicable) and Series means a Tranche of Securities together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Securities which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading, as applicable) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
The Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders in relation to English Law Securities, the related 
Receipts and the related Coupons, respectively, are entitled to the benefit of a deed of covenant governed by 
English law (the English Law Deed of Covenant) dated 7 May 2021 and made by the Issuers. The original of the 
English Law Deed of Covenant is held by CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg Branch as the common depositary for 
Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
The Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders in relation to Irish Law Securities, the related 
Receipts and the related Coupons, respectively, are entitled to the benefit of a deed of covenant governed by Irish 
law (the Irish Law Deed of Covenant) dated 7 May 2021 and made by the Issuers. The original of the Irish Law 
Deed of Covenant is held by CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg Branch as the common depositary for Euroclear (as 
defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
The term Deed of Covenant is used in these Terms and Conditions to refer to the English Law Deed of Covenant 
or the Irish Law Deed of Covenant, as the context requires, and the term Deeds of Covenant refers to all of them. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deeds of Covenant are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available 
during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and the 
other Paying Agents and Transfer Agents. The Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are 
deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the 
applicable Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms, which are applicable to them. 
1 
FORM, DENOMINATION, TITLE, TRANSFER 
1.1 
Form and Denomination 
(a) 
Save in the case of Dematerialised Securities or French Law Securities, the Securities are in 
bearer form (Bearer Securities) or in registered form (Registered Securities) as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and, in the case of Securities issued in definitive form (Definitive 
Securities), are serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). 
Securities of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Securities of another 
Specified Denomination and Bearer Securities may not be exchanged for Registered Securities 
and vice versa. 
Definitive Bearer Securities are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon 
Securities in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and 
Conditions are not applicable.

--- Page 270 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
270 
(b) 
French Law Securities are issued either in dematerialised form (the Dematerialised French 
Securities) or in materialised form (the Materialised French Securities).  
The ownership of the Dematerialised French Securities will be established by book entries 
(inscriptions en compte), in accordance with the Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical 
documents (including representative certificates (certificats représentatifs) referred to in Article 
R. 211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued with respect to Dematerialised 
French Securities. 
Dematerialised French Securities are issued, at the option of the Issuer, either in bearer form (au 
porteur), in which case they will be recorded in the books of Euroclear France (Euroclear 
France) (acting as central depositary) which will credit the accounts of the Account Holders, or 
in registered form (au nominatif) and, in this case, at the option of the Holder of the French Law 
Securities, either in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), in which case they 
will be registered in the books of an Account Holder designated by the Holder of the French Law 
Securities, or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be entered in 
an account held in the books of Euroclear France by the Issuer or by an agent (établissement 
mandataire) (designated in the applicable Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the French 
Registration Agent). 
In these General Conditions, Account Holder means any financial intermediary authorized to 
hold accounts, directly or indirectly, with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA / 
NV (Euroclear) and the custodian bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, 
Luxembourg). All the Securities issued will be admitted, when they are issued, to the operations 
of a Relevant Clearing System (as defined below). 
Materialised French Securities are issued in bearer materialised form (Materialised French 
Bearer Securities). The Materialised French Securities in bearer form are numbered in series 
and issued with Coupons and, where applicable, with a Talon attached, except in the case of Zero 
Coupon Securities for which references to Coupons and Talons are not applicable. Instalment 
Securities are issued with one or several Receipts.  
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the applicable Final Terms and to the extent 
permitted by applicable French law, the Issuer may at any time request from the central 
depositary identification information of holders of French Law Securities such as the name or 
the company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the 
case may be, email address of such holders. In these General Conditions, Holder or holder of 
any French Law Securities or, where applicable, Holder of French Law Securities means (i) 
in the case of Dematerialised French Securities, the person whose name appears on the account 
of the relevant Account Holder, of the Issuer or of the Registration Agent (if applicable) as the 
holder of these Securities, or (ii) in the case of Materialised French Securities, the bearer of any 
French Definitive Materialised Bearer Security and the Receipts, Coupons, or Talon relating to 
it, and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms, the 
absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the French Law 
Securities.. 
In accordance with Article L. 211-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier, securities (such 
as Notes constituting obligations under French law) which are governed by French law and in 
materialised form must be issued outside French territory. 
Dematerialised French Securities issued in bearer form cannot be converted into Dematerialised 
French Securities in registered form, whether in fully registered form or administered registered 
form. Dematerialised French Securities issued in registered form cannot be converted into 
Dematerialised French Securities issued in bearer form. Dematerialised French Securities issued 
in fully registered form may (nominatif pur), at the option of the Holder of these French Law 
Securities, be converted into Dematerialised French Securities in administered registered form 
(nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of such an option by said Holder must be

--- Page 271 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
271 
made in accordance with Article R. 211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such 
conversion will be made at the expense of the Holder. 
Materialised French Securities referring to one Specified Denomination cannot be exchanged for 
a Materialised French Securities of another Specified Denomination. 
The Specified Denomination of Non-Exempt Securities shall be at least EUR 1,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency), except where Crédit Agricole CIB FL is the issuer, where the 
Specified Denomination of Non-Exempt Securities can be less than EUR 1,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency). 
French Law Securities shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
This Security will be an Alternative Currency Security unless "Alternative Currency Equivalent" is 
specified as being "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms. 
1.2 
Title 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Securities, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery. The 
Issuer has appointed the Registrar at its office specified below to act as registrar of the Registered 
Securities. The Issuer shall cause to be kept at the specified office of the Registrar, for the time being at 
5, Allée Scheffer, L-2520 Luxembourg, Luxembourg, a register (the Register) on which shall be entered, 
inter alia, the name and address of the beneficial owner of the principal and stated interest of the 
Registered Securities, the amount and type of the Registered Securities held by each holder, and 
particulars of all transfers of title of the Registered Securities. The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and any 
Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Security, Receipt 
or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the 
case of any Global Security, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
Except as set out below, title to the Registered Securities will pass upon registration of transfers in the 
Register and surrender in accordance with the Agency Agreement. The entries in the Register shall be 
conclusive absent manifest error and, except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required 
by law, the registered holder of any Registered Security whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant 
to these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute owner for 
purposes of payment of principal and interest on such Registered Securities, whether or not it is overdue 
and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss, 
and no person shall be liable for so treating the registered holder. 
For so long as any of the Securities is represented by a Bearer Global Security or Registered Global 
Security held on behalf of The Depository Trust Company (DTC), Euroclear Bank SA/NV, (Euroclear) 
and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person (other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Securities (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount 
of such Securities standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes 
save in the case of manifest error or proven error) shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Securities for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of nominal or interest on such nominal amount of such Securities, for which 
purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Security or the registered holder of the relevant 
Registered Global Security shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and any Agent as the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Securities in accordance with and subject to the terms of the 
relevant Global Security and the expressions Securityholder and holder of Securities and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
For so long as DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any of their nominees is the registered 
owner or holder of a Registered Global Security, DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or such 
nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Securities represented by 
such Registered Global Security for all purposes under the Agency Agreement and the Securities except

--- Page 272 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
272 
to the extent that in accordance with DTC's, Euroclear's or Clearstream, Luxembourg's published rules 
and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through 
participants. 
References to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative relevant clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. All Securities issued by Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank or Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions will be admitted upon issuance to a Relevant Clearing 
System. 
Relevant Clearing System means a central depositary or a securities clearing and delivery and payments 
systems operator as referred to in Article L. 441-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier, or of one 
or more similar non-French depositaries or operators provided that such depositary or operator is not 
located in a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non-coopératif) within the meaning of 
article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts. 
In the case of French Law Securities, ownership of Dematerialised French Securities in bearer form and 
administered registered form is transferred, and the transfer of these Securities is only carried out, by 
recording the transfer in the accounts of the Holders of Account. The ownership of Dematerialised French 
Securities in fully registered form is transmitted, and the transfer of these Securities can only be made, by 
recording the transfer in the accounts kept by the Issuer or the Registration Agent. Ownership of 
Materialised Bearer French Securities in definitive form having, where applicable, Coupons, one or more 
Receipts, and / or a Talon attached during the issue (Materialised Bearer Definitive French Securities) 
is transmitted physically (par tradition). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as 
required by law, the holder of any Security, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so 
treating the holder. 
In the case of Swedish Securities, Securityholder and holder of Security means the person in whose 
name a Swedish Security is registered in the Register and the reference to a person in whose name a 
Swedish Security is registered shall include also any person duly authorised to act as a nominee (in 
Swedish: förvaltare) and registered as such in respect of the relevant Securities. In respect of Swedish 
Securities, the Register means the register maintained by the Swedish CSD on behalf of the relevant 
Issuer in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction 
or as required by law, the Securityholder (as defined above) of any Swedish Securities shall be deemed 
to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless 
of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person shall be liable for so treating the 
Securityholder. The relevant Issuer and the Swedish Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information 
from the Register in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. 
Title to the Norwegian Securities shall pass by registration in the Norwegian Securities Register (in 
Norwegian: verdipapirregisteret) in accordance with the Norwegian CSD Rules. In the case of Norwegian 
Securities, Securityholder and holder of Security means the person in whose name a Norwegian 
Security is registered in the Norwegian Securities Register and the reference to a person in whose name 
a Norwegian Security is registered shall also include any entities registered as nominee holder (forvalter) 
of the Norwegian Securities. In respect of Norwegian Securities, the Norwegian Securities Register 
means the register maintained with the Norwegian CSD on behalf of the relevant Issuer in accordance 
with the Norwegian CSD Rules. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by 
law, the Securityholder (as defined above) of any Norwegian Securities shall be deemed to be and may 
be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice 
of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person shall be liable for so treating the Securityholder. In 
respect of Norwegian Securities, each Securityholder agrees and consents that the Norwegian CSD will 
provide to the relevant Issuer, the Norwegian Issuing Agent and Norwegian authorities, upon request, 
information registered with the Norwegian CSD relating to the Norwegian Securities and the 
Securityholders. Such information shall include, but not be limited to, the identity of the registered holder 
of Norwegian Securities, the residency of the registered holder of Norwegian Securities, the number of 
Norwegian Securities registered with the relevant holder of Norwegian Securities, the address of the

--- Page 273 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
273 
relevant holder of Norwegian Securities, identity of the registrar account administrator in respect of the 
relevant securities account (in Norwegian: Kontofører Investor) and whether or not the Norwegian 
Securities are registered in the name of a nominee and the identity of any such nominee. 
In the case of Finnish Securities, Securityholder and holder of Security means the person in whose 
name a Finnish Security is registered in the Register and the reference to a person in whose name a Finnish 
Security is registered shall include also any person duly authorised to act as a nominee (in Finnish: 
hallintorekisteröinnin hoitaja) and registered as such in respect of the relevant Securities. In respect of 
Finnish Securities, the Register means the register maintained by the Finnish CSD on behalf of the 
relevant Issuer in accordance with the Finnish CSD Rules. Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the Securityholder (as defined above) of any Finnish Securities shall 
be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue 
and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person shall be liable for so 
treating the Securityholder. The relevant Issuer and the Finnish Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain 
information from the Register in accordance with the Finnish CSD Rules. 
1.3 
Transfer  
(a) 
General 
Securities which are represented by a Global Security will be transferable only through an 
account with, and in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of DTC, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such other clearing system approved by the Issuers 
or the Principal Paying Agent. References to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or 
alternative relevant clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. Securities which are 
represented by Registered Securities in definitive form will be transferred only in accordance 
with General Conditions 1.3(c) (Transfers of Registered Securities in definitive form) and 1.3(f) 
(Exchanges and transfers of Registered Securities generally) and the legends appearing on such 
Registered Securities. 
(b) 
Transfer of interests in Registered Global Securities 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Securities will be effected by DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants 
and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial 
transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Security 
will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable 
for Securities in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Security 
only in the Specified Denominations and only in accordance with the rules and operating 
procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. 
Transfers of a Registered Global Security registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be 
limited to transfers of such Registered Global Security, in whole but not in part, to another 
nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor's nominee. 
(c) 
Transfers of Registered Securities in definitive form 
Subject as provided in General Condition 1.3(d) (Registration of transfer upon partial 
redemption), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a 
Registered Security in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the Specified 
Denominations). In order to effect any such transfer (i) the holder or holders must (A) surrender 
the Registered Security for registration of the transfer of the Registered Security (or the relevant 
part of the Registered Security) at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, 
with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their 
attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (B) complete and deposit such other 
certifications as may be required by the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer 
Agent and (ii) the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due

--- Page 274 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
274 
and careful enquiry, and upon being satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the 
person making the request, enter the name of the transferee of the Registered Securities in 
definitive form in the Register as the holder of such Registered Securities. Any such transfer will 
be subject to such reasonable regulations as the relevant Issuer and the Registrar may from time 
to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 9 (Additional Duties of 
the Agent and the Registrar) to the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the Registrar 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three (3) business days (being 
for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office 
of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or 
such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or 
regulations) authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its 
specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail to such 
address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Security in definitive form of a like 
aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Security (or the relevant part of the Registered 
Security) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Security in definitive 
form, a new Registered Security in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered 
Security not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) 
sent to the transferor. 
(d) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Securities under General Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase), the relevant Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered 
Security, or part of a Registered Security, called for partial redemption. 
(e) 
Costs of registration 
Securityholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration 
of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the relevant Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient 
to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the 
registration. 
(f) 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Securities generally 
Securityholders holding Registered Securities in definitive form may exchange such Securities 
for interests in a Registered Global Security of the same type at any time. 
(g) 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Securities 
Transfers by the holder of, or of a beneficial interest in, a Regulation S Global Security will only 
be made upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification substantially in the form set out 
in the Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (a Transfer Certificate), copies of which 
are available from the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, from the transferor 
of the Security or beneficial interest therein to the effect that such transfer is being made: 
(i) 
to a Permitted Transferee outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S 
who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global Security; or 
(ii) 
with respect to U.S. Securities, (1) to a transferee in the United States or who is a U.S. 
person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB and, where required, in the 
case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS and Crédit Agricole CIB FL, who 
is also a QP at the time it purchases the Security or an interest therein and who duly 
executes an investment letter substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement 
(Investment Letter), in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and, as 
applicable, in the case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS and Crédit 
Agricole CIB FL, meeting the requirements of Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment 
Company Act, who takes delivery of such interest through a Rule 144A Global Security,

--- Page 275 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
275 
(2) to a non-U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) outside the United States pursuant 
to Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act or (3) otherwise pursuant 
to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the relevant Issuer 
of such satisfactory evidence as the relevant Issuer may reasonably require, which may 
include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with the 
Securities Act and any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States 
including, as applicable, in the case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL, in compliance with Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company 
Act, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United 
States or any other jurisdiction. No Regulation S Global Securities issued by Crédit Agricole 
CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL may at any time be owned beneficially by a U.S. person. 
(h) 
Transfers of interests in Rule 144A  Securities 
Transfers of Rule 144A  Securities or beneficial interests therein may be made: 
(i) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global 
Security, upon receipt by the Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate from 
the transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with 
Regulation S and that in the case of a Regulation S Global Security registered in the 
name of a nominee for DTC, the interests in the Securities being transferred will be held 
immediately thereafter through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(ii) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Rule 144A Security which 
transferee is a transferee whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB and, where 
required, in the case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole 
CIB FL, who is also a QP at the time it takes delivery of such interest, in each case in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A. Such transfers shall be made 
without certification except in the case of transfers of Securities in definitive form 
issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL, in which case the 
transferee shall deliver to the Registrar a duly completed Investment Letter; or 
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt 
by Crédit Agricole CIB of such satisfactory evidence as Crédit Agricole CIB may 
reasonably require, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is 
in compliance with the Securities Act and any applicable securities laws of any State of 
the United States including, as applicable, in the case of Securities issued by Crédit 
Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL, in compliance with Section 3(c)(7) of the 
Investment Company Act, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United 
States or any other jurisdiction. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Rule 144A Securities, or upon specific request 
for removal of the legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Rule 144A Securities or refuse to 
remove the legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the relevant Issuer such 
satisfactory evidence as may reasonably be required by the relevant Issuer, which may include 
an opinion of U.S. counsel, that neither the legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein 
are required to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Investment 
Company Act. 
(i) 
Transfer of Dematerialised Securities 
In the case of Dematerialised Securities, all transactions (including transfers of such Securities), 
in the open market or otherwise must be effected on account with the Relevant Clearing System 
subject to and in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of such Relevant

--- Page 276 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
276 
Clearing System and title will pass upon registration of the transfer in the books of such Relevant 
Clearing System or any nominee thereof which, in the case of Swedish Securities and the Finnish 
Securities, will be by registration in the Register in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules and 
the Finnish CSD Rules, respectively. Title to Norwegian Securities shall pass by registration of 
the transfer in the books of the Norwegian Securities Register or any relevant nominee. 
(j) 
Minimum Trading Size 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies that a Minimum Trading Size is applicable in respect 
of the Securities, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this General Condition 1.3, 
Securityholders shall only be permitted to acquire, transfer or trade Securities with an aggregate 
nominal amount equal to the minimum amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (the 
Minimum Trading Size).  
2 
STATUS OF THE SECURITIES AND THE GUARANTEE 
The Securities (other than Secured Securities) and the Receipts and Coupons relating to them constitute 
direct, unsubordinated or, with respect to Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB, senior preferred 
(within the meaning of Article L.613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code monétaire et financier) and unsecured 
obligations of the relevant Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu among themselves and (subject as 
aforesaid and to certain statutory exceptions) equally with all other unsubordinated or, with respect to 
Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB, senior preferred, and unsecured obligations of the relevant 
Issuer from time to time outstanding, and rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with 
all other existing or future direct, unsubordinated or, with respect to Securities issued by Crédit Agricole 
CIB, senior preferred, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer (other than those 
preferred by law). 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that the Securities are Secured Securities, the Securities 
constitute direct, unsubordinated or, with respect to Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB, senior 
preferred, and unconditional obligations of the relevant Issuer, secured to the extent of the relevant 
Collateral Assets. 
In the case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL, the payment of 
nominal and interest in respect of the Securities and (if applicable) Coupons is unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee. The Guarantee constitutes an 
unconditional and unsecured obligation of the Guarantor and ranks (save for statutorily preferred 
exceptions) pari passu with any other existing or future unsecured and senior preferred obligations of the 
Guarantor, present and future. 
3 
REDENOMINATION 
3.1 
General  
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the relevant Issuer 
may, without the consent of the Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, on giving 
prior notice to the Agent, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and at least 30 days' prior notice to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), elect that, with effect from the 
Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the Securities of the relevant Series shall be redenominated 
in euro. 
The election will have effect as described in the provisions below. 
(a) 
The Securities and the Receipts shall be deemed to be redenominated in euro in the denomination 
of euro 0.01 with a nominal amount for each Security and Receipt equal to the nominal amount 
of that Security or Receipt in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at the Established Rate, 
provided that, if the relevant Issuer determines, with the agreement of the Agent, that the then 
market practice in respect of the redenomination in euro of internationally offered securities is 
different from the provisions specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended 
so as to comply with such market practice and the relevant Issuer shall promptly notify the

--- Page 277 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
277 
Securityholders, the stock exchange (if any) on which the Securities may be listed and the Paying 
Agents of such deemed amendments. 
(b) 
Save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with General Condition 
3.1(d), the amount of interest due in respect of the Securities will be calculated by reference to 
the aggregate nominal amount of Securities held (or, as the case may be, in respect of which 
Coupons are presented) for payment by the relevant holder and the amount of such payment shall 
be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01. 
(c) 
If Definitive Securities are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall be 
issued at the expense of the relevant Issuer in the denominations of euro 1,000, euro 10,000, euro 
100,000 and (but only to the extent of any remaining amounts less than euro 1,000 or such 
smaller denominations as the Agent may approve) euro 0.01 and such other denominations as 
the Agent shall determine and notify to the Securityholders. 
(d) 
If issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the Specified 
Currency (whether or not attached to the Securities) will become void with effect from the date 
on which the relevant Issuer gives notice (the Exchange Notice) that replacement euro-
denominated Securities, Receipts and Coupons are available for exchange (provided that such 
securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them. The payment 
obligations contained in any Securities and Receipts so issued will also become void on that date 
although those Securities and Receipts will continue to constitute valid exchange obligations of 
the relevant Issuer. New euro-denominated Securities, Receipts and Coupons will be issued in 
exchange for Securities, Receipts and Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency in such 
manner as the Agent may specify and as shall be notified to the Securityholders in the Exchange 
Notice. No Exchange Notice may be given less than 15 days prior to any date for payment of 
nominal or interest on the Securities. 
(e) 
After the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Securities, the Receipts and the 
Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the 
Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though references in the Securities to the 
Specified Currency were to euro. Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro 
account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the 
payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; in each case multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction as the case may be, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination 
of a Fixed Rate Security in definitive form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Security shall be the aggregate of the 
amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising 
the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(f) 
If the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an Interest 
Payment Date, it will be calculated: 
(i) 
in the case of the Securities represented by a Global Security, by applying the Rate of 
Interest either to (i) the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities 
represented by such Global Security (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate 
amount paid up) or (ii) the nominal amount represented by the Specified Denomination 
(or, if more than one, the lowest Specified Denomination), all as provided in the 
applicable Final Terms; and  
(ii) 
in the case of Definitive Securities, by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount, 
and in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-

--- Page 278 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
278 
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market conventions. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Security in definitive form is a multiple of 
the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Security 
shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
(g) 
Such other changes shall be made to this General Condition 3 (Redenomination) as the relevant 
Issuer may decide after consultation with the Paying Agent(s) and, in the case of Registered 
Securities, the Registrar and as may be specified in the notice, to conform it to conventions 
applicable to instruments denominated in Euro. 
3.2 
Scheduled Payment Currency Cessation Event 
If a Scheduled Payment Currency Cessation Event occurs: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent may, at any time, convert all of the Issuer's payment obligations in respect 
of the Securities into any other currency as the Calculation Agent may select, in which case all 
such payment obligations shall be converted into such other currency (the "Replacement 
Payment Currency") at the rate of exchange determined by the Calculation Agent without the 
need for any further action or any consent. Any such conversion shall be effective from the time 
and date notified to Securityholders by the Issuer in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices). Upon conversion (i) all of the Issuer's payment obligations in respect of the Securities 
shall be denominated and payable in the Replacement Payment Currency, (ii) the Conditions 
shall be construed accordingly and (iii) the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to make such 
other changes to the Conditions as it deems appropriate in order to give effect to the conversion. 
(b) 
Until such time as the Calculation Agent converts the Issuer's payment obligations under the 
Securities in accordance with paragraph (a) above, or in circumstances where the Calculation 
Agent determines not to do so, the Issuer's payment obligations in respect of the Securities shall 
be converted into the currency then adopted in France without the need for any further action or 
any consent at the rate of exchange specified by applicable law or as otherwise determined by 
the Calculation Agent and the Conditions shall be construed accordingly (including, without 
limitation, by giving effect to such other changes to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent 
deems appropriate in order to reflect the conversion). 
(c) 
By giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), the 
relevant Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion, may redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Securities early on a date to be specified by the Issuer, each Security being redeemed at its Fair 
Market Value Redemption Amount denominated in the Replacement Payment Currency (if 
applicable) or the currency then adopted in France, provided that this General Condition 3.2(c) 
shall apply only in respect of Securities which are not Italian Listed Notes. 
Upon the occurrence of a Scheduled Payment Currency Cessation Event, the relevant Issuer shall give 
notice, as soon as practicable, to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) 
stating the occurrence of the Scheduled Payment Currency Cessation Event, giving brief details thereof 
and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto.  
In making any calculation or determination for the purposes of this General Condition 3.2, the Calculation 
Agent shall take into consideration all available information, which it deems relevant but shall otherwise 
act, in its sole and absolute discretion. Without limitation to the foregoing, the Calculation Agent shall 
not be obliged to convert the Issuer's payment obligations under any Series of Securities into a 
Replacement Payment Currency following a Scheduled Payment Currency Cessation Event. None of the 
Issuer, Guarantor or the Calculation Agent shall have any responsibility or liability to any Securityholder 
in respect of any loss incurred following the occurrence of a Scheduled Payment Currency Cessation 
Event.

--- Page 279 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
279 
Any payment made by the relevant Issuer in accordance with this General Condition 3.2 will constitute a 
valid payment and will not constitute a default in respect of the Securities. 
4 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Securities (including Credit Linked Securities and 
Bond Linked Securities) are one or more of: (a) Fixed Rate Securities, (b) Floating Rate Securities, (c) 
Zero Coupon Securities, and/or (d) Linked Interest Securities. 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Securities 
(a) 
If: 
(i) 
"All Interest Accrual Periods" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Fixed 
Rate Security bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the Redemption Date at the rate(s) equal to the Rate(s) of Interest; and 
(ii) 
certain Interest Accrual Periods (other than All Interest Accrual Periods) are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, each Fixed Rate Security bears interest from (and 
including) the first day of the first Interest Accrual Period so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to (and including) the last day of the last Interest Accrual Period so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms at the rate(s) equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. For 
the avoidance of doubt, any references in this General Condition 4.1 to Interest Accrual 
Period will be deemed to be references only to such specified Interest Accrual Periods 
for the purpose of this provision. 
In each case above, interest will accrue on a daily basis on each day during each relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and will be payable in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period in arrears 
on the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
(b) 
If "One-off Coupon" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each Fixed Rate 
Security will bear interest at the Rate of Interest, which will be payable on the Interest Payment 
Date, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Where "One-off Coupon" is 
applicable to a Series of Securities, it may be the sole interest payment or an additional interest 
payment in respect of such Securities. 
(c) 
If the Securities are in definitive form the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the Interest Accrual Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period Date 
immediately preceding, or falling on, such Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed 
Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount (the Fixed Coupon Amount and the 
Broken Amount being together, Interest Amounts). 
(d) 
Except in the case of Securities in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the interest amount in respect of a 
period (an Interest Amount) shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Securities which are represented by a Global Security, either 
(i) the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Securities represented 
by such Global Security (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount 
paid up) or (ii) the nominal amount represented by the Specified Denomination (or, if 
more than one, the lowest Specified Denomination), all as provided in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and in each case multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction (except in the case 
of Securities for which One-off Coupon has been specified and where no Interest Accrual Period 
applies), and rounding the resultant figure in accordance with General Condition 4.6 (Rounding).

--- Page 280 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
280 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Security in definitive form is a multiple of 
the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Security 
shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Securities 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
If: 
(i) 
"All Interest Accrual Periods" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Floating 
Rate Security bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the Redemption Date at the applicable Rate of Interest; or 
(ii) 
certain Interest Accrual Periods (other than All Interest Accrual Periods) are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, each Floating Rate Security bears interest from (and 
including) the first day of the first Interest Accrual Period so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to (and including) the last day of the last Interest Accrual Period so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms at the applicable Rate of Interest. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any references in this General Condition 4.2 to Interest Accrual 
Period will be deemed to be references only to such specified Interest Accrual Periods. 
In each case, interest will accrue on a daily basis on each day during each relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and such interest will be payable in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
in arrears on the relevant Interest Payment Date.   
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
Subject to General Condition 4.5 (Margin, Minimum Rate of Interest and Maximum Rate of 
Interest), the Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Securities 
will be determined in accordance with the provisions below relating to either ISDA 
Determination for Floating Rate Securities or Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate 
Securities, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Securities 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this sub paragraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Accrual Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the applicable Interest Determination Date under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Securities (the ISDA Definitions) and under 
which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the applicable Final Terms is an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option and either Compounding or Averaging is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(I) 
an Applicable Business Day is any day that is a Business Day (as 
defined in these Conditions);

--- Page 281 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
281 
(II) 
the relevant Reset Date is the last day of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
(III) 
the Daily Capped Rate is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(IV) 
the Daily Floored Rate is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(V) 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, and if so, the applicable number of days is 
either (1) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (2) if no 
number is specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, five (5); 
(VI) 
if Compounding is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(1) 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, and if so, the 
Lookback is either (x) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number specified as the 
"Lookback" for the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 
ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for 
the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
(3) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be 
applicable if specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
and if so, Set in Advance will be applicable if specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Day is as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, and the Observation Period Shift is either (x) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (y) if no number 
is specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
specified as the "Observation Period Shift" for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no 
such number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, five (5); and 
(4) 
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, and if so, Lockout 
Period Business Day is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and the Lockout is either (x) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, the number specified as 
the "Lockout" for the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 
ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for 
the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); or 
(VII) 
if Averaging is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(1) 
Overnight Averaging will be applicable if specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
Averaging with Lookback will be applicable if specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, and if so, the Lookback 
is either (x) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (y) 
if no number is specified as such in the applicable Final

--- Page 282 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
282 
Terms, the number specified as the "Lookback" for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or (z) 
if no such number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, five (5); 
(3) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift will be applicable 
if specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, and if so, 
Set in Advance will be applicable if specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Day is as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Observation Period Shift is either (x) as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, the number specified 
as the "Observation Period Shift" for the relevant Floating 
Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such 
number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, 
five (5); and 
(4) 
Averaging with Lockout will be applicable if specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, and if so, Lockout Period 
Business Day is as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Lockout is either (x) as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number specified as the 
"Lockout" for the relevant Floating Rate Option in the ISDA 
Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); or 
(C) 
otherwise: 
(I) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms for the relevant Interest Accrual Period; and 
(II) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating 
Rate Option, Designated Maturity, Reset Date, Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Applicable Business Day, Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day, 
Lockout Period Business Day, Daily Capped Rate, Daily Floored Rate, OIS 
Compounding, Compounding with Lookback, Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift, Compounding with Lockout, Overnight Averaging, Averaging with 
Lookback, Averaging with Observation Period Shift, Averaging with Lockout, 
Delayed Payment, Set in Advance, Lookback, Observation Period Shift and 
Lockout have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions, but with 
references, where applicable, to "the Confirmation" being read as "the applicable Final 
Terms". 
Where the ISDA Definitions state that the determination of the Floating Rate Option 
will be pursuant to any requirement for the Calculation Agent to request quotes from 
Reference Banks, Reference Dealers or major banks pursuant to the ISDA Definitions, 
such requirement to make requests for quotations for rates from, and the provision of 
quotations for rates by, the requisite number of Reference Banks, Reference Dealers or 
major banks may be effected by reference to and using quotations or tradable market 
prices which are made available by such Reference Banks, Reference Dealers or major 
banks via electronic data providers or electronic trading platforms. For the purposes of 
the preceding sentence, the terms "Reference Banks" and "Reference Dealers" shall 
have the meanings set out in the ISDA Definitions. If the fallback as set out in the 
definition of the Floating Rate Option pursuant to the ISDA Definitions does not

--- Page 283 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
283 
produce a result, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(ii) 
Change in Standard Terms and Market Conventions 
The Calculation Agent, acting reasonably, may amend Condition 4.2(b)(i) from time to 
time to the extent that it determines necessary in order to ensure consistency with 
prevailing market standards or market trading conventions (as established pursuant to 
the agreement of the leading dealers in the derivatives market for rates or any relevant 
committee established by ISDA, a market-wide protocol, any applicable law or 
regulation or the rules of any applicable exchange or clearing system) that would be or 
are applicable to any Reference Hedge Transaction from time to time. The Calculation 
Agent may not, without the consent of the relevant Issuer, make any amendments to 
Condition 4.2(b)(i) of the Securities pursuant to this Condition 4.2(b)(ii) other than to 
the extent necessary to give effect to the relevant change(s). The Calculation Agent shall 
notify the relevant Issuer and the Securityholders as soon as reasonably practicable upon 
making any such amendment. 
For the purpose of the above paragraph, Reference Hedge Transaction means a 
transaction entered into, or which would be entered into, on market standard terms and 
at arm's length with a leading dealer in the relevant market and pursuant to which the 
Issuer's risk in respect of its payment obligations linked to any interest rate benchmark 
referenced in the Securities is, or would be, hedged. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Securities 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary in accordance with General 
Condition 4.6 (Rounding)) of the offered quotations,  
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Screen Page 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If five (5) or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only 
of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided in General Condition 4.6 
(Rounding)) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of General 
Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(A) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Securities), no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of General Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(A) (Screen 
Rate Determination for Floating Rate Securities), fewer than three (3) offered 
quotations appear, in each case at the Relevant Screen Page Time, the Calculation Agent 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
the Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two 
(2) or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary in accordance with General Condition 4.6 (Rounding)) of

--- Page 284 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
284 
the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be the rate per annum 
which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary in accordance with General Condition 4.6 (Rounding)) of the rates, as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks 
or any two (2) or more of them, at which such banks were offered at the Relevant Screen 
Page Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate 
by leading banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two (2) of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean (rounded in accordance with General Condition 4.6 (Rounding)) of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at the Relevant Screen Page 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank 
or banks is or are in the opinion of the relevant Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs 
the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(c) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period. 
Following such determination of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Applicable Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period as follows: 
Applicable Rate of Interest = (Rate of Interest x Universal Leverage) 
where: 
Universal Leverage means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no such percentage or number is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or specified to be not applicable, the Universal Leverage shall be deemed to be 
one (1). For the avoidance of doubt, the Universal Leverage may have a positive or a 
negative value, and in the case of a number, may be one (1). 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on 
the Floating Rate Securities for the relevant Interest Accrual Period by applying the Applicable 
Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Securities which are represented by a Global Security, either 
(i) the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities represented by such 
Global Security (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount paid up) or 
(ii) the nominal amount represented by the Specified Denomination (or, if more than

--- Page 285 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
285 
one, the lowest Specified Denomination), all as provided in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure in accordance with General Condition 4.6 (Rounding). Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Floating Rate Security in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Security shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without 
any further rounding. 
(d) 
Notification of Applicable Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Principal Paying Agent of the Applicable Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period as soon as practicable after 
calculating the same. 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Applicable Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount 
for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the 
relevant Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Securities are for the 
time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the first 
Luxembourg Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Accrual 
Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Securities are for the time being listed and to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). For the purposes of this General Condition 
4.2(d), the expression Luxembourg Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in Luxembourg. 
(e) 
FRS Additional Disruption Events   
The provisions of this General Condition 4.2(e) apply to Floating Rate Securities only. 
(i) 
Consequences of the occurrence of a FRS Additional Disruption Event 
If a FRS Additional Disruption Event occurs, the relevant Issuer in its sole and absolute 
discretion may take the action, if applicable, described in (A) or (B) below: 
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion 
the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to the Conditions to account for 
the FRS Additional Disruption Event and determine the effective date of such 
adjustment; or 
(B) 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each 
Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market 
Value Redemption Amount, where payments will be made in such manner as 
shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the occurrence of a FRS Additional Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall 
give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the FRS Additional Disruption Event, 
giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto.

--- Page 286 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
286 
(ii) 
Definitions 
Change in Law means, unless Change in Law is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that, on or after the Trade Date, (A) due to the adoption of or 
any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax 
law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or 
regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the relevant Issuer 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it has become illegal to hold, acquire 
or dispose of relevant hedge positions relating to the floating element of the Interest 
Rate. 
FRS Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption 
and/or (provided that the Securities are not Italian Listed Securities) Increased Cost of 
Hedging, in each case unless disapplied in the applicable Final Terms. 
Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, that: 
(A) 
In respect of Securities which are not Italian Listed Securities, the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is 
unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (I) acquire, establish, 
re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or 
asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk including but not 
limited to the currency risk of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (if 
applicable), in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Securities, or (II) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
(B) 
In respect of Securities which are Italian Listed Securities, Hedging Disruption 
means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts and as a result of an event which is beyond the control of 
such Issuer, Guarantor (if applicable) and/or Affiliate(s) (including, without 
limitation, any force majeure, act of state, change in any applicable law or 
regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), promulgation of or any 
change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any 
action taken by a taxing authority), to (I) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it 
deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk including but not limited to 
the currency risk of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (if applicable), issuing 
and performing its obligations with respect to the Italian Listed Securities, or 
(II) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as 
not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it 
deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price 
risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, 
(if applicable), in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, 
or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the

--- Page 287 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
287 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) 
and/or any of their respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of 
Hedging. 
(f) 
Other Events 
This Condition will apply to the Floating Rate Securities unless specified as being not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this General 
Condition 4.2, if any other event occurs which the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good 
faith, has a material effect on the Securities, then: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it 
considers appropriate to account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which 
any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(ii) 
the relevant Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each 
Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this General Condition  4.2(f), 
the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 14 (Notices) giving details of such determination. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable, the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
4.3 
Interest on Linked Interest Securities 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
If:   
(i) 
"All Interest Accrual Periods" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Linked 
Interest Security bears interest at the applicable Linked Interest Rate (as defined in 
General Condition 4.3(b) (Linked Interest Rate)) on its outstanding nominal amount (or, 
if they are Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount paid up) from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Redemption Date; or 
(ii) 
certain Interest Accrual Periods (other than All Interest Accrual Periods) are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, each Linked Interest Security bears interest from (and 
including) the first day of the first Interest Accrual Period so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to (and including) the last day of the last Interest Accrual Period so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms at the applicable Linked Interest Rate. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any references in this General Condition 4.3 to Interest Accrual 
Period will be deemed to be references only to such specified Interest Accrual Periods. 
In each case, interest will accrue on a daily basis on each day during each relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and such interest will be payable in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
in arrears on the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
(b) 
Linked Interest Rate 
The rate payable from time to time in respect of the applicable Linked Interest Securities (each 
a Linked Interest Rate) will be determined in accordance with the relevant Terms and 
Conditions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
Determination of Linked Interest Rate and calculation of Interest Amounts

--- Page 288 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
288 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent will determine the Linked Interest Rate on the Interest 
Determination Date for the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
(ii) 
Following such determination of the Linked Interest Rate, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the Applicable Linked Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
as follows: 
Applicable Linked Interest Rate = (Linked Interest Rate x Universal Leverage) + 
Universal Margin 
where: 
Universal Leverage means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no such percentage or number is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or specified to be not applicable, the Universal Leverage shall be deemed to be 
one (1). For the avoidance of doubt, the Universal Leverage may have a positive or a 
negative value, and in the case of a number, may be one (1). 
Universal Margin means (a) a percentage, (b) a number or (c) a Universal Floating 
Rate (plus or minus the Universal Offset), each specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or, if no such percentage, number or rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or is 
specified to be not applicable, the Universal Margin shall be deemed to be zero (0). For 
the avoidance of doubt, Universal Margin may have a positive or negative value, and in 
the case of a number, may be zero (0). 
Universal Floating Rate means an interest rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms and calculated in respect of an Interest Accrual Period in accordance with 
General Condition 4.2(b) above as if such interest rate was the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Securities. 
Universal Offset means a percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if no such percentage is specified in the applicable Final Terms or is specified to be 
not applicable, the Universal Offset shall be deemed to be zero (0). 
(iii) 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) 
payable on the Linked Interest Securities for the relevant Interest Accrual Period by 
applying the Applicable Linked Interest Rate to:  
(A) 
in the case of Linked Interest Securities which are represented by a Global 
Security (other than where General Condition 4.3(c)(iii)(C) below applies), 
either (i) the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities 
represented by such Global Security (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the 
aggregate amount paid up) or (ii) the nominal amount represented by the 
Specified Denomination (or, if more than one, the lowest Specified 
Denomination), all as provided in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
in the case of a Linked Interest Security in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount (other than where General Condition 4.3(c)(iii)(C) below applies); or 
(C) 
in the case of a Linked Interest Security where the relevant Linked Interest 
Rate is determined in whole or in part by reference to the Share Linked Asset 
Conditions, the Index Linked Asset Conditions or the ETF Linked Asset 
Conditions, the Specified Denomination of the relevant Linked Interest 
Security, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure in accordance with General Condition 4.6 (Rounding). In 
the case of General Condition 4.3(c)(iii)(C) above, where the Specified Denomination 
of a Linked Interest Security in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount,

--- Page 289 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
289 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Security shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach such Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
(d) 
Notification of Applicable Linked Interest Rate and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Principal Paying Agent of the Applicable Linked Interest 
Rate and Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period as soon as practicable after 
calculating the same. 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Applicable Linked Interest Rate and each Interest 
Amount for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified 
to the relevant Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Linked Interest Securities 
are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as possible after the day on which the notice was given to the 
Principal Paying Agent but in no event later than the fourth Luxembourg Business Day 
thereafter. For the purposes of this General Condition 4.3(d), the expression Luxembourg 
Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in Luxembourg. 
4.4 
Interest on Zero Coupon Securities 
No amount of interest will accrue or become payable on Zero Coupon Securities except in accordance 
with General Condition 4.7 (Accrual of interest).  
4.5 
Margin, Minimum Rate of Interest and Maximum Rate of Interest 
(a) 
With respect to Floating Rate Securities only, if any Margin is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (either (i) generally, or (ii) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an 
adjustment shall be made to all Applicable Rates of Interest, in the case of (i), or the Applicable 
Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (ii), by adding (if a 
positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin. 
(b) 
With respect to Floating Rate Securities only, if the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum 
Rate of Interest for any Interest Accrual Period, then, in the event that the Applicable Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Interest Accrual Period determined in accordance with General 
Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, 
the Applicable Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
(c) 
With respect to Floating Rate Securities only, if the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum 
Rate of Interest for any Interest Accrual Period, then, in the event that the Applicable Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Interest Accrual Period determined in accordance with General 
Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the Applicable Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be such Maximum 
Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
With respect to all Securities, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms with respect 
to Floating Rate Securities, the Minimum Rate of Interest, shall be deemed to be zero. 
4.6 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these General Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point being rounded 
up), (b) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (provided that if the eighth significant 
figure is a 5 or greater, the seventh significant shall be rounded up) and (c) all currency amounts that fall 
due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being rounded up).

--- Page 290 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
290 
For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in 
the country of such currency. 
4.7 
Accrual of interest 
(a) 
Except as otherwise provided in this General Condition 4 (Interest), each Security (or in the case 
of the redemption of part only of a Security, that part only of such Security) will cease to bear 
interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment 
of nominal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue, or 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Security shall accrue as from the date for its redemption, until 
whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Security have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five (5) days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect 
of such Security has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as 
the case may be, and notice to that effect has been given to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices).  
(b) 
With respect to Zero Coupon Securities only, for the purposes of this General Condition 4.7, 
interest will be deemed to accrue in accordance with General Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed 
Rate Securities), provided that: (i) the Rate of Interest will be deemed to be "Accrual Yield" as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and (ii) a single Interest Accrual Period will be deemed 
to be specified as the relevant period in accordance with Condition 4.7(a) above. 
4.8 
Interest calculations regarding Swedish Securities 
Pursuant to the Swedish CSD Rules, interest on any Swedish Security for any period of time is calculated 
from (but excluding) the first day of the relevant period to (but including) the last day of the relevant 
period and the provisions in this General Condition 4 shall be construed accordingly in respect of Swedish 
Securities. 
4.9 
Payoff Features 
The interest payable in respect of each Security will be subject to each Payoff Feature (if any) specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. A Payoff Feature will apply to: (a) all Interest Accrual Periods 
if "All Interest Accrual Periods" is specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms; or (b) to certain 
Interest Accrual Periods as specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of a Payoff Feature. 
4.10 
Interpolation 
In respect of any Interest Accrual Period to which "Linear Interpolation" is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest or Linked Interest Rate, as the case may be, for that 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
through the use of straight-line interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Rate of 
Interest or Linked Interest Rate, as the case may be, one of which shall be determined as if the designated 
maturity of that rate were the period of time for which rates are next shorter than the length of the Interest 
Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the designated maturity of that rate were 
the period of time for which rates are next longer than the length of the Interest Accrual Period. 
4.11 
Negative Interest 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, where an amount or rate of interest is calculated 
as, in accordance with this General Condition 4 and any applicable Additional Conditions, a negative 
amount or rate, as the case may be, such amount or rate shall be deemed to be zero. Securityholders shall 
not, in such circumstances be required to make any payment to the relevant Issuer in respect of such 
negative amount or rate nor shall any other payments then or in the future due in respect of the Securities 
be adjusted in respect of such negative amount or rate, except where, in certain circumstances, specifically 
provided in the applicable Final Terms whereby the Final Redemption Amount, Instalment Redemption

--- Page 291 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
291 
Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, may be reduced by applying a negative amount 
(or rate) thereto, all as provided in the applicable Final Terms, it being specified that in no event the Final 
Redemption Amount, Instalment Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, 
shall be less than zero. 
4.12 
Interest in respect of Instalment Securities 
The Interest Amount in respect of any Instalment Security shall be calculated by the Principal Paying 
Agent in accordance with the applicable provisions of this General Condition 4 by reference to the 
outstanding nominal amount (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount paid up) of such 
Security on the date of determination (disregarding any payments in respect of nominal to be made on the 
date of determination). 
4.13 
Interest on Partly Paid Securities  
In the case of Partly Paid Securities (other than Partly Paid Securities which are Zero Coupon Securities), 
Interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Securities. 
5 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-
resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or, at the option 
of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively and if the Specified 
Currency is CNY, shall be the CNY Settlement Centre(s)); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment or other laws to which the Issuer, the Guarantors or its Agents agree to be subject 
and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantors will be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
General Condition 8 (Taxation) and (ii) when applicable, any withholding or deduction required pursuant 
to Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code and such withholding, 871(m) 
Withholding). In addition, in determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed with respect to 
any amounts to be paid on the Securities, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any "dividend 
equivalent" (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such 
payments regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under 
applicable law.   
Payments on the Securities that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities may be 
calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70%.  In such 
case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will 
be deemed to withhold, 30% of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the 
Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the 
holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
5.2 
Presentation of Definitive Bearer Securities, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of nominal in respect of Definitive Bearer Securities will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in General Condition 5.1 (Method of payment) only against presentation and

--- Page 292 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
292 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Definitive Bearer Securities, 
and payments of interest in respect of Definitive Bearer Securities will (subject as provided below) be 
made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum 
due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and 
the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Payments of instalments of nominal (if any) in respect of Definitive Bearer Securities, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in General Condition 5.1 
(Method of payment) only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum 
due, endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the 
final instalment will be made in the manner provided in General Condition 5.1 (Method of payment) only 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
relevant Bearer Security in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented for 
payment of the relevant instalment together with the Definitive Bearer Security to which it appertains. 
Receipts presented without the Definitive Bearer Security to which they appertain do not constitute valid 
obligations of the relevant Issuer. Upon the date on which any Definitive Bearer Security becomes due 
and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Securities in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Securities (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), 
failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made 
in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to 
the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of nominal so deducted will 
be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time 
before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in General Condition 8.2 (Gross-Up)) in 
respect of such nominal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under General 
Condition 9 (Prescription)) or, if later, five (5) years from the date on which such Coupon would 
otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Security in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Redemption Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Security, Credit Linked Security, Linked Interest Security or 
Long Maturity Security in definitive form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons 
(if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may 
be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Security is a Fixed 
Rate Security (other than a Fixed Rate Security which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal 
amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Security shall cease 
to be a Long Maturity Security on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest 
remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Security. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Security is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Security from (and including) the preceding or Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant Definitive Bearer Security. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Securities 
Payments of nominal and interest (if any) in respect of Securities represented by any Global Security in 
bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to Bearer 
Securities or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Security against presentation or 
surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Security at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States. A record of each payment, distinguishing between any payment of nominal and any

--- Page 293 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
293 
payment of interest, will be made on such Global Security either by the Paying Agent to which it was 
presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
5.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Securities 
Payments of nominal (other than instalments of nominal prior to the final instalment) in respect of each 
Registered Security (whether or not in global form) will be made against presentation and surrender (or, 
in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Security at the specified office 
of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated 
Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Security 
appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Securities maintained by the Registrar (the Register) 
(i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in 
definitive form at the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the 
relevant due date (the Record Date). Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a holder does not have 
a Designated Account or (ii) the nominal amount of the Securities held by a holder is less than 250,000 
euro (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment will instead be made by a 
cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, 
Designated Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese Yen to a non-
resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and 
identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified 
Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney 
and Auckland respectively and if the Specified Currency is CNY, shall be the CNY Settlement Centre(s)) 
and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of nominal (other than the final instalment) in respect 
of each Registered Security (whether or not in global form) will be made by a cheque in the Specified 
Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the business day in the city where 
the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the relevant due date to the holder 
(or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Security appearing in the Register (i) where in global 
form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form at the 
close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the 
relevant due date (the Record Date) at his address shown in the Register on the Record Date and at his 
risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three (3) business 
days in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment 
of interest in respect of a Registered Security, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in 
the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to 
relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) and instalments of nominal 
(other than the final instalment) in respect of the Registered Securities which become payable to the holder 
who has made the initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary 
by such holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Security on redemption and the 
final instalment of nominal will be made in the same manner as payment of the nominal amount of such 
Registered Security. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this General Condition 5.4, payments of interest and 
payments of instalments of nominal (other than the final instalment) in respect of each Registered Security 
denominated in CNY (whether or not in global form) will be made solely by transfer to the Designated 
Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Security appearing in the 
Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system are open for business) 
before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day 
(whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the Record Date. 
Securityholders holding Registered Securities will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any 
delay in receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Security as a result of a cheque posted in

--- Page 294 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
294 
accordance with this General Condition 5.4 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the 
post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of nominal or interest in respect of the Registered Securities. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Security in respect 
of Securities denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by transfer by the 
Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or 
its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. 
None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Securities or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
5.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Security shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Securities represented by such Global Security and the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Security in 
respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any Relevant Clearing System as the beneficial holder of a particular 
nominal amount of Securities represented by such Global Security must look solely to DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the relevant 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Security. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this General Condition 5, if any amount of nominal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Securities is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of nominal 
and/or interest in respect of such Securities will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the 
United States if: 
(a) 
the relevant Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of nominal and 
interest on the Bearer Securities in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such nominal and interest at all such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions 
on the full payment or receipt of nominal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor. 
In the case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB, the relevant Issuer and each of its branches are a 
single legal entity and the obligation to make any payment under the Securities is an obligation of Crédit 
Agricole CIB as a whole. However, if the Final Terms specify a branch office of Crédit Agricole CIB as 
the branch of account for any payment under the Securities, then it may not be required to make any 
payment under the Securities at its head office or any of its other branches for so long as and to the extent 
that the specified branch of account is prevented from making any payment under the Securities due to 
(a) an act of war, insurrection or civil strife; or (b) an action by the government or any instrumentality of 
or in the jurisdiction of the specified branch of account (whether de jure or de facto). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments in respect of Securities denominated and payable in CNY will 
be made solely by transfer to a CNY bank account maintained in the CNY Settlement Centre(s) in 
accordance with prevailing rules and regulations.

--- Page 295 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
295 
5.6 
Payment Business Day 
(a) 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Security, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
Payment Business Day, the holder thereof shall instead be entitled to payment: (i) on the next 
following Payment Business Day in the relevant place, if "Following Payment Business Day" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (ii) on the next following Payment Business Day in 
the relevant place, unless the date for payment would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event such date for payment shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Payment Business Day in the relevant place, if "Modified Following Payment Business Day" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (iii) on the immediately preceding Payment Business 
Day in the relevant place, if "Preceding Payment Business Day" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; provided that if neither "Following Payment Business Day" nor "Modified 
Following Payment Business Day" nor "Preceding Payment Business Day" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, "Following Payment Business Day" shall be deemed to apply. In the 
event that (A) any adjustment is made to the date for payment in accordance with this General 
Condition 5 and (B) "Interest Accrual Periods will be unadjusted" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant amount due in respect of any Security, Receipt or Coupon shall not be 
affected by any such adjustment. For these purposes, Payment Business Day means any day, 
which is: 
(i) 
subject to the provisions of the Agency Agreement, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
(in respect of Definitive Securities) the relevant place of presentation or (in 
respect of Registered Securities) the place of registration; and 
(B) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro and 
CNY, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (if other than the place of presentation and any Additional Financial 
Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable 
in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open or (C) in relation to any sum 
payable in CNY, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the CNY Settlement Centre(s). 
(b) 
If the date specified for a payment of any amount in respect of any Security, Receipt or Coupon 
falls on a day in a month which does not exist (including, without limitation, when such payment 
is scheduled to be paid on 29 February in a year when that day does not occur), the holder of 
such Security, Receipt or Coupon shall instead be entitled to payment on the immediately 
preceding Payment Business Day in the relevant place. 
5.7 
General 
None of the Calculation Agent, the Issuers, the Guarantor, any Dealer or any Agent shall have any 
responsibility for any errors or omissions in the calculation of any Early Redemption Amount, the Final 
Redemption Amount, or Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or other amount 
whatsoever. 
5.8 
Interpretation 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to nominal in respect of the Securities shall, to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, be deemed to include, as applicable:

--- Page 296 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
296 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to nominal under General 
Condition 8 (Taxation), if applicable; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Securities; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Securities; 
(d) 
the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount of the Securities; 
(e) 
in relation to Securities redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Redemption Amounts; and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the relevant 
Issuer under or in respect of the Securities. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Securities shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
General Condition 8 (Taxation). 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to "payment", "repayment" and "redemption" and other 
related expressions (including, without limitation, for the purposes of the definition of "Payment Business 
Day" in General Condition 5.6 (Payment Business Day)) shall, where the context admits, include the 
delivery of any securities or other assets pursuant to physical settlement as provided in Annex 1 (Asset 
Conditions) in respect of ETF Linked Securities or Share Linked Securities or pursuant to Physical 
Settlement as provided in Annex 2 (Credit Linked Conditions), Annex 3 (Bond Linked Conditions) and 
Annex 10 (Secured Security Conditions).   
5.9 
Payments in respect of Swedish Securities 
Payments of nominal, interest and/or any other amounts due in respect of Swedish Securities shall be 
made to the Securityholders recorded as such on the fifth business day (as defined by the then applicable 
Swedish CSD Rules) before the due date for such payment, or such other business day falling closer to 
the relevant due date as then may be stipulated in said rule. Such day shall be the "Record Date" in respect 
of the relevant Swedish Securities. The payments will be effected through the facilities of the Swedish 
CSD in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. 
5.10 
Payments in respect of Norwegian Securities 
Payments, including payments of interest and payments of instalments of nominal in respect of 
Norwegian Securities shall be made to the Securityholders recorded as such on the: 
(a) 
fifteenth business day before the due date for interest payment; 
(b) 
second business day before the due date for interest and nominal payments in relation to 
Securities with a maturity of less than twelve months; 
(c) 
second business day before the due date for nominal payments in relation to Securities with a 
maturity of greater than twelve months, 
or such other business day falling closer to the relevant due date as then may be stipulated in the applicable 
Norwegian CSD Rules. Such day shall be the "Record Date" in respect of the relevant Norwegian 
Securities. For the purpose of this General Condition 5.10, business day is as defined in the then applicable 
Norwegian CSD Rules. Such payments shall be made by transfer to the Designated Account in accordance 
with the Norwegian CSD Rules. If a holder does not have a Designated Account payment will be made 
by cheque as further specified in General Condition 5.4 (Payments in respect of Registered Securities). 
5.11 
Payments in respect of Finnish Securities 
Payments of nominal, interest and/or any other amounts due in respect of Finnish Securities shall be made 
to the Securityholders recorded as such on the third business day (or any such later business day as defined 
by the then applicable Finnish CSD Rules) immediately preceding the due date for such payment. Such

--- Page 297 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
297 
day shall be the "Record Date" in respect of the relevant Finnish Securities. The payments will be effected 
through the facilities of the Finnish CSD in accordance with the Finnish CSD Rules. 
5.12 
Payments in respect of French Law Securities 
Dematerialised French Securities 
Principal and interest payments made under Dematerialised French Securities will be made (in the case 
of Dematerialised French Securities in bearer form or in administered registered form) by transfer to the 
account, kept in the relevant currency, of the relevant Account Holders, for the benefit of the Holders of 
the French Law Securities and (in the case of Dematerialised French Securities in fully registered form) 
to an account held in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the Holders of 
French Law Securities. All payments validly made with these Account Holders and this Bank will release 
the relevant Issuer from its payment obligations. 
Materialised French Securities in bearer form 
Principal and interest payments made under Materialised French Securities in bearer form will be made 
(subject to the provisions below) against presentation and return, during normal working hours, of 
Receipts (in case of payment of reimbursement installments occurring on a date other than the final 
repayment date, and subject to the Receipt being presented for payment with its corresponding Securities, 
of the corresponding Materialised French Securities in bearer form or Coupons, as the case may be, at the 
designated establishment of any Paying Agent located outside the United States, by cheque payable in the 
relevant currency drawn on a Bank or, at the option of the Holder of the Securities, by transfer to an 
account held in this currency by a Bank. 
Bank means a bank located in the main financial center for this currency (which will be Sydney if the 
currency is the Australian dollar, Auckland if the currency is the New Zealand dollar, the Center(s) CNY 
if the currency is the Renminbi) or, in the case of the euro, in a city where the banks have access to the 
TARGET System. 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and non-exchanged Talons  
(a) 
Unless the Materialised French Securities in bearer form stipulate that the Coupons relating 
thereto shall lapse on the redemption date of these Securities, the Materialised French Securities 
in bearer form must be returned for payment with all unmatured Coupons, failing which an 
amount equal to the nominal value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, if the payment is not 
a full payment, a proportion of the full amount of any missing unmatured Coupon which will be 
equal to the proportion that the principal thus paid represents in relation to the total amount of 
principal due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Any amount thus deducted will 
be paid in the manner mentioned above, against return of the missing Coupon relating thereto, 
within 10 years of the Relevant Date (as defined in General Condition 8 (Taxation)) relating to 
the payment of the principal of the relevant Securities (regardless of whether this Coupon would 
otherwise be prescribed by application of General Condition 9 (Prescription)). 
(b) 
If the Materialised French Securities in bearer form so stipulate, the related unmatured Coupons 
(whether or not they are attached) will lapse on the due date for the redemption of these Securities 
and no payment will be made under these Coupons. 
(c) 
On the redemption date of any Materialised French Securities in bearer form, any un-exchanged 
Talon relating to this Securities (whether or not attached) will lapse and no Coupon will be 
delivered in exchange for this Talon. 
(d) 
On the redemption date of any Materialised French Securities in bearer form which is repayable 
in instalments, all Receipts relating to this Materialised French Securities in bearer form having 
an Instalment Date falling on or after that redemption date (whether or not they are attached) will 
lapse and no payment will be made for them.

--- Page 298 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
298 
(e) 
If the Materialised French Securities in bearer form stipulate that the related unmatured Coupons 
must lapse on the redemption date of these Securities, and if these Securities are presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and without any related un-exchanged Talon, 
reimbursement will only be made subject to any guarantee that the relevant Issuer may require.  
(f) 
If the redemption date for the repayment of the Materialised French Securities in bearer form is 
not a redemption date for the payment of interest, the interest accrued since the last due date for 
the payment of interest or since the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, will only 
be payable on presentation (and return, if applicable) of the Definitive Materialised French 
Securities in bearer form to the relevant Holder. Interest accrued on the Materialised French 
Securities in bearer form which only produces interest after its redemption date will be payable 
upon redemption of these Securities, against presentation of this Materialised French Securities 
in bearer form. 
6 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided in this General Condition 6 (other 
than pursuant to General Condition 6.10):   
(a) 
on each Instalment Date, each Instalment Security shall be partially redeemed by the relevant 
Issuer at the relevant Instalment Redemption Amount; 
(b) 
subject to paragraph (c) below, each Security will be finally redeemed by the relevant Issuer at 
its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms and determined in 
accordance with the provisions set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions) in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Redemption Date or, in the case of an Instalment Security 
falling within paragraph (a) above, its final Instalment Redemption Amount on the final 
Instalment Date, in each case subject to any provision to the contrary in the Additional 
Conditions; and 
(c) 
each Security that is a Preference Share Linked Security will be finally redeemed by the relevant 
Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the provisions set out in 
Annex 11 (Preference Share Linked Securities) in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Redemption Date, subject to any provision to the contrary in the Additional Conditions. 
6.2 
Early Redemption Trigger Events 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether any Early Redemption Trigger Event applies to the 
Securities. The provisions detailing such Early Redemption Trigger Events are set out in Annex 8 (Early 
Redemption Trigger Conditions). 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of Securities to which an Early Redemption Trigger 
Event applies shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of Annex 9 
(Redemption Method Conditions). 
6.3 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Where General Condition 8.2 (Gross Up) is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to the 
Securities, such Securities may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer in whole, but not in part, 
at any time, on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may 
be, and, in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), the Securityholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), if:  
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Securities, the relevant Issuer or (where Crédit 
Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL is the relevant Issuer) the Guarantor (if it were 
required to make a payment under the Guarantee) has or will become obliged to pay additional

--- Page 299 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
299 
amounts as provided or referred to in General Condition 8 (Taxation) as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in General 
Condition 8.2 (Gross Up)), or any change in the application or official interpretation of such 
laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Securities; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the relevant Issuer or (where Crédit Agricole CIB FS or 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL is the relevant Issuer) the Guarantor taking reasonable measures 
available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the relevant Issuer or (where Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL is the relevant 
Issuer) the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional amounts. 
Securities redeemed pursuant to this General Condition 6.3 will be redeemed at their Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount. 
6.4 
Special Tax Redemption 
Where General Condition 8.2 (Gross Up) is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to the 
Securities, if the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor would, on the occasion of the next payment of nominal 
or interest in respect of the Securities, be prevented by French law or (in the case of Securities issued by 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL) Luxembourg law from making payment to the Securityholders of the full amount 
then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in General 
Condition 8 (Taxation), then the relevant Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and the relevant Issuer shall, upon giving not more 
than seven days' prior notice to the Securityholders, forthwith redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Securities at their Fair Market Value Redemption Amount, on the latest practicable Interest Payment Date 
on which the relevant Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of 
the Securities, provided that if such notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date the date for 
redemption pursuant to such notice to Securityholders shall be the later of:  
(a) 
the latest practicable date on which the relevant Issuer could make payment of the full amount 
then due and payable in respect of the Securities; and 
(b) 
fourteen days after giving notice to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may 
be, as aforesaid. 
6.5 
Redemption for FATCA Withholding 
This General Condition 6.5 will apply to the Securities if so specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
relevant Issuer (in relation to Securities other than Swedish Securities and Norwegian Securities) may or 
(in relation to Swedish Securities and Norwegian Securities) will redeem any FATCA Affected Securities, 
at any time, in accordance with the provisions of this General Condition 6.5. 
Upon becoming aware that a Security is a FATCA Affected Security, the relevant Issuer shall use 
reasonable endeavours to deliver a FATCA Issuer Notice, which shall specify 
(a) 
the relevant series number and ISIN in relation to Securities that have become FATCA Affected 
Securities; 
(b) 
whether or not the Issuer will redeem any of the FATCA Affected Securities, provided that, for 
all FATCA Affected Securities that are Swedish Securities or Norwegian Securities, the Issuer 
will elect to redeem such Securities, and 
(c) 
where the relevant Issuer elects to redeem any of the FATCA Affected Securities, 
(i) 
the FATCA Affected Securities the relevant Issuer will redeem; and

--- Page 300 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
300 
(ii) 
the date on which such FATCA Affected Securities will be redeemed by the Issuer. 
Where the FATCA Issuer Notice specifies that the relevant Issuer will not redeem a FATCA Affected 
Security, the holder of any such FATCA Affected Security, provided that such Security continues to be a 
FATCA Affected Security, may deliver a FATCA Investor Notice requesting the early redemption of the 
FATCA Affected Security and specifying a date for redemption that must be at least ten (10) Business 
Days after the effective date of such notice. Following receipt of the FATCA Investor Notice, the relevant 
Issuer will redeem such FATCA Affected Security on the date specified for redemption in the relevant 
FATCA Investor Notice. 
Securities redeemed pursuant to this General Condition 6.5 will be redeemed at their Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount. 
A FATCA Issuer Notice in respect of Finnish Securities will not take effect against the relevant Issuer 
until the date on which the relevant Finnish Securities have been transferred to the account designated by 
the Finnish Issuing Agent and blocked for further transfer by said Agent. 
For the purposes of this General Condition:  
Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
FATCA Affected Security means any Security in respect of which (i) the relevant Issuer or (where Crédit 
Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL is the relevant Issuer) the Guarantor, in relation to any future 
payments due under the Securities, will be obliged (either directly or indirectly, including without 
limitation through an agent or clearing system) to make a FATCA Withholding and (ii) such FATCA 
Withholding cannot be avoided by the relevant Issuer or Guarantor taking reasonable measures available 
to it. 
FATCA Investor Notice means a notice given by the holder of any FATCA Affected Security to the 
relevant Issuer in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). A copy of such FATCA Investor 
Notice shall be given to the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of Registered Securities, the Registrar 
in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify a 
bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be 
made under this General Condition 6.5). 
FATCA Issuer Notice means a notice given by the relevant Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Registrar, as the case may be, and in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), to the 
Securityholders. 
FATCA Withholding means any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b) of the Code or any withholding or deduction otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant 
to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such sections 
of the Code.  
6.6 
Regulatory Redemption or Compulsory Resales 
This General Condition 6.6 will apply to the Securities if so specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The relevant Issuer shall have the right at any time, at the expense and risk of the holder of (A) any U.S. 
Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL, as applicable, held by or on 
behalf of a U.S. person who is not a QP at the time it purchases such U.S. Securities, (i) to redeem such 
U.S. Securities, in whole or in part, to permit the relevant Issuer to avoid registration under the Investment 
Company Act or (ii) to require such holder to sell such U.S. Securities to a QIB who is also a QP in 
accordance with Rule 144A or to a non-U.S. person outside the United States in accordance with 
Regulation S or (B) any Securities (other than U.S. Securities) held by or on behalf of a person who is not 
a Permitted Transferee, (i) to redeem such Securities, in whole or in part, or (ii) to require such holder to 
sell such Securities to a Permitted Transferee outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S. 
The determination of which Securities shall be redeemed pursuant to (A)(i) or (B)(i) above or sold

--- Page 301 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
301 
pursuant to (A)(ii) or (B)(ii) above in any particular case shall be made at the sole and absolute discretion 
of the relevant Issuer. Any such redemption shall be made at the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
The Registrar is not required to register any purported transfers of Securities which would, in the opinion 
of the relevant Issuer or the Registrar, cause the relevant Issuer to be in violation of the Securities Act, 
the Commodity Exchange Act or the Investment Company Act. 
6.7 
Clean-up Call Option 
Where General Condition 6.7 (Clean-up Call Option) is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
applying to the Securities, such Securities may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not 
in part, at any time, on giving not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period 
of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the 
case may be, and, in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), to the Securityholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), if the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Securities is equal to 10 per 
cent. or less than the aggregate nominal amount of the Securities on the Issue Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in is sole and absolute discretion. 
Securities redeemed pursuant to this General Condition 6.7 will be redeemed at their Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount.  
6.8 
Redemption Amounts 
(a) 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amounts 
Where the Securities are to be redeemed prior to the Redemption Date at their Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount pursuant the Conditions, including, without limitation, pursuant to General 
Condition 6.3 (Redemption for tax reasons), General Condition 6.4 (Special Tax Redemption), 
General Condition 6.5 (Redemption for FATCA withholding), General Condition 6.6 (Regulatory 
Redemption or Compulsory Resales), General Condition 6.7 (Clean-up Call Option), General 
Condition 10 (Events of Default) or General Condition 19 (Illegality and Force Majeure), each 
Security will be redeemed at the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Securities may also 
be redeemed at the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount in any other circumstances set out 
in the applicable Additional Conditions (including, but without limitation, pursuant to Credit 
Linked Condition 2.7 (Early redemption of Leveraged CLSs), Credit Linked Condition 2.8 
(Redemption following a Merger Event), Credit Linked Condition 2.10 (Redemption following 
an Additional Disruption Event), Bond Linked Condition 2.4 (Early redemption following a Fair 
Market Value Trigger Event), Bond Linked Condition 2.5 (Redemption following a Merger 
Event) and Bond Linked Condition 2.6 (Redemption following an Additional Disruption Event)). 
The Fair Market Value Redemption Amount shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion (or, in the case of an Italian Listed Securities, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) as equal 
to the fair market value of the Security as at (or about) the date fixed for redemption, taking into 
account, without limitation and without double counting, (A) where "Hedge Amount" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the deduction of the Hedge Amount 
and (B) in the case of Bond Linked Securities, the value of the Bond, provided that: 
(a) 
this determination shall disregard (i) the financial condition of the relevant Issuer and/or 
the Guarantor in case an Event of Default under Condition 10(a), Condition 10(c) or 
Condition 10(d), as applicable, has occurred and is continuing with respect to the 
relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor and (ii) in the case of Secured Securities, any 
collateral which has been, or is required to be, delivered in connection with such 
Secured Securities;  
(b) 
if a Fair Market Value Redemption Amount has been determined for any reason other 
than the occurrence of an Event of Default under Condition 10(a), Condition 10(c) or 
Condition 10(d), as applicable (the Pre-Default FMVRA) and is unpaid on the date on 
which an Event of Default under Condition 10(a), Condition 10(c) or Condition 10(d),

--- Page 302 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
302 
as applicable, occurs with respect to the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor (the Post-
Default FMVRA Determination Date), then the Pre-Default FMVRA will be deemed 
to be equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount determined as of the Post-
Default FMVRA Determination Date (the Post-Default FMVRA) and the Post-
Default FMVRA shall disregard the financial condition of the relevant Issuer and/or 
the Guarantor in accordance with paragraph (a) above; 
(c) 
in the case of Bond Linked Securities: 
(i) 
which are Secured Securities; 
(ii) 
where the Collateral Assets consist in whole or in part of the Bond; and 
(iii) 
where the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount is being determined 
following enforcement of the security created in relation to the Secured 
Securities, 
then for the purposes of sub-paragraph (ii) above, the value of the Bond shall be 
determined by reference to the value at which the Disposal Agent (or failing which, the 
Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) or an agent on its behalf), is able 
to liquidate or realise the Bond in accordance with the terms of the Secured Securities 
(after deducting any costs associated with the relevant enforcement and liquidation and 
any related fees or taxes); 
(d) 
the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount shall not be a negative amount; and 
(e) 
where "Custodian Default" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, in respect of Secured Securities and following a Custodian Default the value 
of the Bond (where Collateral Monitoring is not applicable) or the Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount (where Collateral Monitoring is applicable) shall be subject to a 
maximum of the value of the amounts actually recovered from the Custodian (or any 
agent, sub-custodian or delegate thereof). 
In determining the fair market value of the Security, the Calculation Agent shall (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, in the case of an Italian Listed Security) take 
into consideration all information, which it deems relevant (including, without limitation, market 
conditions, and, in the case of early redemption pursuant to General Condition 19 (Illegality and 
Force Majeure), the impracticality, illegality or impossibility giving rise to the early 
redemption).  
The Fair Market Value Redemption Amount determined as specified above shall be determined 
taking into account any amounts in respect of accrued but unpaid interest and accordingly no 
other amount of accrued but unpaid interest will be payable where the Securities are redeemed 
by payment of the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
In connection with any early redemption of the Securities, the Hedge Amount is the losses or 
costs (expressed as a positive number) to the relevant Issuer or any Affiliate thereof that are 
incurred under then prevailing circumstances or gains (expressed as a negative number) of the 
relevant Issuer or any Affiliate thereof that are realised under then prevailing circumstances in 
each case in unwinding any related underlying hedging arrangements entered into in respect of 
such Security (including, without limitation, any rate swap transaction, swap option, basis swap, 
forward rate transaction, commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap, 
interest rate option, currency transaction, asset swap transaction, credit derivative transaction or 
funding transaction such as but not limited to internal funding arrangement or a repurchase 
transaction, including any market bid/offer spread and any ancillary cost in relation to such 
unwinding), whether such hedging arrangement is held directly by the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor or indirectly through an Affiliate, provided that:

--- Page 303 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
303 
(a) 
the determination of the Hedge Amount shall disregard the financial condition of the 
relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor in case an Event of Default under Condition 10(a), 
Condition 10(c) or Condition 10(d), as applicable, has occurred and is continuing with 
respect to the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor; and 
(b) 
in the case of Leveraged CLSs, the Hedge Amount in respect of credit default swap 
hedge transactions will be determined on a leveraged notional amount reflecting the 
aggregate of the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amounts of Reference Entities which 
have not been affected by Credit Events. 
Notwithstanding the above: 
(i) 
the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount for Italian Listed Securities, in respect of 
which the early redemption follows an Additional Disruption Event, will be the ADE 
Market Value; or 
(ii) 
in respect of any Security for which a Fair Market Value Redemption Amount 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount will be an amount equal to the Nominal Amount of such Security 
outstanding as at the date of calculation (as set out in Annex 9 of the Terms and 
Conditions as if the Early Redemption Amount was being calculated), multiplied by 
the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount Percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The ADE Market Value means, in relation to the early redemption of an Italian Listed Security 
following an Additional Disruption Event, the fair market value of such Italian Listed Security 
as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, by reference to such factor(s) as it determines appropriate at the relevant time and which 
may include the following, without limitation: 
(a) 
any relevant quotations or other relevant market data in the relevant market(s) which 
may include the issuer funding rate and other relevant rates, currencies, prices, index 
levels, yields, yield curves, volatilities, spreads, correlations; 
(b) 
information of the type described in (a) above from internal sources of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of its Affiliates if that information is of a type used by the Issuer in 
its regular course of business for the valuation of similar instruments as the Securities; 
and 
(c) 
any options or other derivative pricing models.   
Payment of such Fair Market Value Redemption Amount will be made in such manner as shall 
be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(b) 
Essential Trigger 
(i) 
Where "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable 
and notwithstanding any contrary provisions in the General Conditions and the relevant 
Additional Conditions: 
(A) 
Except in the case of a Force Majeure Event, where the Securities are to be 
redeemed prior to their Redemption Date pursuant to General Condition 6.3 
(Redemption for tax reasons), General Condition 6.4 (Special Tax 
Redemption), General Condition 6.5 (Redemption for FATCA withholding),  
General Condition 10 (Events of Default) or General Condition 19 (Illegality 
and Force Majeure), or in other circumstances specified in the Additional 
Conditions that do not constitute a Force Majeure Event, each Security will be 
redeemed in accordance with the Conditions at an amount calculated as 
follows:

--- Page 304 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
304 
(I) 
if the "Redemption Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being "Fair Market Value Redemption Amount", the Securities will 
be redeemed on the Early Redemption Date at the Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount; 
(II) 
if the "Redemption Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being "Highest Value", the Securities will be redeemed on the Early 
Redemption Date at the greater of (1) the Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount and (2) the minimum amount of the Final 
Redemption Amount; or 
(III) 
if the "Redemption Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being "Monetisation Option", the Securities will be redeemed at 
the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption 
Date or at the Monetisation Amount on the Redemption Date, 
according to the choice of the Securityholder (to be exercised at the 
Securityholder's absolute discretion). 
For the determination of the applicable redemption amount in accordance with 
one of the redemption bases ("Fair Market Value Redemption Amount", 
"Highest Value" or "Monetisation Amount"), no costs shall be deducted from 
such redemption amount and such redemption amount shall include the 
reimbursement by the relevant Issuer of any costs or, as the case may be, 
proportionate share of such costs (including but not limited to any structuring 
costs) paid by Securityholders to the relevant Issuer in the Issue Price of the 
Securities. 
(B) 
Where the Securities are to be redeemed prior to their Redemption Date as a 
result of a Force Majeure Event, the Securities will be redeemed on the early 
redemption date at the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount, taking into 
account that, for the determination of the Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount, no costs shall be deducted other than costs that are unavoidable in 
order to be able to redeem the Securities at their market value. 
(ii) 
Where the "Redemption Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Monetisation Option", in the relevant Issuer's notice of early redemption as specified 
in the relevant General Conditions or Additional Conditions, the Issuer must include the 
following: 
(A) 
the cut-off date and time for each Securityholder to elect to receive the Fair 
Market Value Redemption Amount on the date fixed for early redemption; 
(B) 
the date of determination for the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount in 
respect of such election and the amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
as the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount of the Securities on such date; 
and 
(C) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as the Monetisation Amount. 
If the Securityholder does not make a valid election to receive the Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount on the date fixed for early redemption before the cut-off date and 
time set out in the Issuer's notice of early redemption, the Securityholder will receive 
the Monetisation Amount in respect of such Security on the Redemption Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition, the Monetisation Amount in respect of a Security 
is calculated based on the following formula, which implies a redemption at maturity of 
at least the Final Redemption Amount: 
(S+D)×(1+r)n

--- Page 305 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
305 
where: 
"S" is the market value of the "saving" component on the date on which the event 
triggering early redemption occurs; 
"D" is the market value of the "derivative" component on the date on which the event 
triggering early redemption occurs; 
"r" is, in relation to the relevant Issuer against whom the Securityholder assumes the 
greatest credit risk (more than 50 per cent.), the annual interest rate that such Issuer 
offers on the date of occurrence of the event triggering early redemption on a debt 
instrument with the same time to redemption as the remaining time to redemption on 
the Securities from the date fixed for early redemption until the scheduled Redemption 
Date of the Securities; and 
"n" is the time remaining until the scheduled redemption date of the Securities, 
expressed as a number of years. 
6.9 
Purchases 
The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and any of their Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Securities 
(provided that, in the case of Definitive Bearer Securities, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Securities 
purchased by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer may, at the option of the relevant Issuer, be so surrendered 
and cancelled or may be held or resold, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
6.10 
Cancellation 
All Securities, which are purchased for cancellation or redeemed by the relevant Issuer, will forthwith be 
cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith at the time of redemption). All Securities so cancelled and any Securities purchased and 
cancelled pursuant to General Condition 6.9 (Purchases) (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons 
and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued 
or resold.  
6.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Securities 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Security upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Security pursuant to General Condition 6.1 (Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption), 6.3 
(Redemption for tax reasons), 6.4 (Special Tax Redemption), General Condition 6.5 (Redemption for 
FATCA withholding), 6.6 (Regulatory Redemption or Compulsory Resales), 6.7 (Clean-up Call Option) 
or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in General Condition 10 (Events of Default) or 
General Condition 19 (Illegality and Force Majeure) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due 
and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Security shall be the Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount as though the references in General Condition 6.8 (Redemption Amounts) to the date fixed for 
the redemption was replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Security have been paid; and 
(b) 
five (5) days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Securities has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices). 
6.12 
Italian Listed Certificates 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions: (a) Italian Listed Certificates shall be deemed 
to be automatically redeemed at the renouncement notice cut-off time specified in the Final Terms (the 
Renouncement Notice Cut-off Time), (b) for so long as the Italian Listed Certificates are listed on the

--- Page 306 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
306 
MOT Market or admitted to trading on the SeDeX Market of Borsa Italiana S.p.A., the Certificates shall 
be deemed to expire on the Expiry Date (Data di Scadenza) and trading in the Certificates on the Italian 
Stock Exchange shall cease on the third trading day prior to the Expiry Date (Data di Scadenza) and (c) 
references in the General Conditions to "redemption" and "redeem" shall be construed as references to 
"termination" and "terminate". 
For so long as the Italian Listed Certificates are admitted to listing on Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and to trading 
on the SeDeX Market, then at any time prior to the Renouncement Notice Cut-Off Time, any 
Certificateholder may renounce automatic redemption of such Italian Listed Certificate by the delivery or 
sending by fax of a duly completed renouncement notice (a Renouncement Notice) in the form set out 
in section "Italian Listed Certificates - Form of Renouncement Notice" of this Base Prospectus, in 
accordance with the rules of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. applicable from time to time, by giving a duly 
completed Renouncement Notice to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, with a copy to the relevant 
Issuer and the Principal Certificate Agent. Once delivered, a Renouncement Notice shall be irrevocable 
and the relevant Certificateholder may not transfer the Italian Certificates the subject of the 
Renouncement Notice. If a duly completed Renouncement Notice is validly delivered prior to the 
Renouncement Notice Cut-off Time, the relevant Certificateholder will not be entitled to receive any 
amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of relevant Certificates and the relevant Issuer shall have no 
further liability in respect of such amounts. 
Any determination as to whether a Renouncement Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall be 
made by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (in consultation with the Issuer and the Principal 
Certificate Agent) and shall be conclusive and binding on the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Principal 
Certificate Agent, as the case may be, and the relevant Certificateholder. 
Subject as follows, any Renouncement Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form shall 
be null and void. If such Renouncement Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, it shall be deemed to be a new Renouncement Notice submitted at the time 
such correction was delivered to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, with a copy to the relevant Issuer 
and the Principal Certificate Agent. 
6.13 
Payoff Features 
With respect to each Security (other than a Credit Linked Security, a Bond Linked Security and a 
Preference Share Linked Security), the Early Redemption Amount, Instalment Redemption Amount or 
the Final Redemption Amount will be subject to the Payoff Features (if any) specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
6.14 
Negative Redemption Amount 
Where an Instalment Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount or other relevant redemption amount is calculated or determined as, 
in accordance with this General Condition 6 and any applicable Additional Conditions, a negative amount, 
then such amount will be deemed to be zero. Securityholders will not in such circumstances be required 
to make any payment to the relevant Issuer in respect of such negative amount or rate nor will any other 
payments then or in the future due in respect of the Securities be adjusted in respect of such negative 
amount. 
7 
ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS 
7.1 
Application of the Additional Conditions 
Where any Additional Conditions are specified in the applicable Final Terms for any Securities, the 
General Conditions shall be subject to the provisions contained in such Additional Conditions and will 
not apply to the extent they are inconsistent with the provisions of such Additional Conditions. In all 
cases, these General Conditions and the provisions of such Additional Conditions shall be subject to the 
applicable Final Terms, and will not apply to the extent they are inconsistent with the provisions of such 
Final Terms.

--- Page 307 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
307 
(a) 
Commodity Linked Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Commodity Linked Securities will be set out in Chapter 1 
(Commodity Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
(b) 
Index Linked Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Index Linked Securities will be set out in Chapter 2 (Index 
Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
(c) 
FX Linked Securities 
Additional conditions relating to 
(i) 
FX Linked Securities; or 
(ii) 
Securities to which the Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature or Dual Currency 
(Redemption) Payoff Feature applies, 
will be set out in Chapter 3 (FX Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
(d) 
Inflation Linked Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Inflation Linked Securities will be set out in Chapter 4 
(Inflation Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
(e) 
Rate Linked Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Rate Linked Securities will be set out in Chapter 5 (Rate Linked 
Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
(f) 
ETF Linked Securities 
Additional conditions relating to ETF Linked Securities will be set out in Chapter 6 (ETF Linked 
Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
(g) 
Share Linked Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Share Linked Securities will be set out in Chapter 7 (Share 
Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
(h) 
Fund Linked Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Fund Linked Securities will be set out in Chapter 8 (Fund 
Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
(i) 
Future Linked Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Future Linked Securities will be set out in Chapter 9 (Future 
Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
(j) 
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Multi-Asset Basket Linked Securities will be set out in 
Chapter 10 (Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
(k) 
Credit Linked Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Credit Linked Securities will be set out in Annex 2 (Credit 
Linked Conditions).

--- Page 308 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
308 
(l) 
Bond Linked Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Bond Linked Securities will be set out in Annex 3 (Bond Linked 
Conditions). 
(m) 
Preference Shares Linked Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Preference Share Linked Securities will be set out in Annex 11 
(Preference Share Linked Securities). 
(n) 
Alternative Currency Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Alternative Currency Securities will be set out in Annex 4 
(Alternative Currency Conditions). 
(o) 
Linked Interest Securities and Linked Redemption Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Linked Interest Securities and Linked Redemption Securities 
will be set out in Annex 5 (Standard Payoff Conditions) and Annex 6 (Combination Payoff 
Conditions), as specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
(p) 
Payoff Features 
Additional conditions relating to Payoff Features will be set out in Annex 7 (Payoff Feature 
Conditions). 
(q) 
Early Redemption Trigger Events 
Additional conditions relating to Early Redemption Trigger Events will be set out in Annex 8 
(Early Redemption Trigger Conditions). 
(r) 
Early Redemption Amount, Instalment Redemption Amount and Final Redemption 
Amount 
Additional conditions relating to the determination of the Early Redemption Amount, the 
Instalment Redemption Amount and the Final Redemption Amount will be set out in Annex 9 
(Redemption Method Conditions). 
(s) 
Secured Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Secured Securities will be set out in Annex 10 (Secured 
Security Conditions). 
7.2 
Product Simplification 
Where any amount payable in respect of the Securities is determined by reference to a formula set out in 
the Definitions Conditions or in the applicable Additional Conditions, that formula, where set out in the 
Final Terms applicable to the Securities, may be simplified from the form of that formula set out in the 
Definitions Conditions or in the applicable Additional Conditions in circumstances where an element of 
the formula has a value of either 0 or 1, or is not used or is not applicable for the purposes of the relevant 
Series of Securities, so that such element may be omitted from the relevant formula as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
7.3 
Partly Paid Securities  
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Partly Paid Securities" are "Applicable", this Condition 7.3 
applies,the applicable Final Terms for the Securities will specify the part payment amount(s) (Part 
Payment Amount(s)) and the part payment date(s) (Part Payment Date(s)) that apply to such Securities.

--- Page 309 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
309 
Partly Paid Securities will be subscribed at the Part Payment Amount(s) and on the Part Payment Date(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The obligation to pay a Part Payment Amount on the relevant 
Part Payment Date is only incurred by the Securityholders on such Part Payment Date; 
Partly Paid Securities will be redeemed on the final maturity date at their nominal amount and on the 
relevant Redemption Date at their paid-up nominal amount; and in the event that any Securityholder fails 
to pay a Part Payment Amount on the relevant Part Payment Date (such date a Part Payment Default 
Date), any such Securities held by such Securityholder shall automatically be redeemed on the relevant 
Early Redemption Date, at the Settlement Amount. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.3: 
Early Redemption Date means, in respect of any Security, the seventh Payment Business Day following 
a Part Payment Default Date. 
Settlement Amount means, in respect of any Security, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Max [0; [Paid-up Nominal Amount – Unwinding Costs]], 
where: 
Paid-up Nominal Amount means, in respect of any Part Payment Date, the paid-up nominal 
amount of the relevant Security up to (and including) the applicable Part Payment Date. Interest 
will neither accrue nor be payable in respect of the period from and including the applicable Part 
Payment Default Date to and including the applicable Early Redemption Date. 
Unwinding Costs means the pro rata share, in respect of each Security, of the losses (expressed 
as a positive number) or the gains (expressed as a negative number) of unwinding all hedging 
arrangements (taking into account the present value of any Part Payment Amount(s) remaining 
to be paid in respect of the Security) entered into or purchased by the Issuer and/or the Guarantor 
in respect of the Security. 
8 
TAXATION 
8.1 
Taxation 
All payments of nominal and interest in respect of the Securities, Receipts and Coupons or under the 
Guarantee will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes 
or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law (a Gross Up Event). 
8.2 
Gross Up 
If a Gross Up Event occurs and only if "Gross Up" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Issuer (if "Issuer Gross Up" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable) or, as the case may 
be, the Guarantor (if "Guarantor Gross Up" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable) will, 
to the fullest extent permitted by French law and (in the case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB 
FL) Luxembourg law, pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the holders of the Securities, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall 
equal the respective amounts of nominal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in 
respect of the Securities, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Security, Receipt 
or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in France or (in the case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FL) 
Luxembourg; or

--- Page 310 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
310 
(b) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Security, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax 
Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Security, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment by, or on behalf of, a holder who would be able to avoid such withholding 
or deduction by making a declaration or any other statement, including but not limited to, a 
declaration of residence or non-residence, but fails to do so; or 
(d) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting 
the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Business 
Day (as defined in General Condition 5.6 (Payment Business Day)); or 
(e) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would be able to avoid such withholding 
or deduction by presenting the relevant Security, Receipt or Coupon to another Paying Agent in 
a Member State of the European Union. 
As used in these General Conditions: 
Tax Jurisdiction means (in the case of payments by Crédit Agricole CIB and Crédit Agricole CIB FS) 
France or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax or (in the case 
of payments by Crédit Agricole CIB FL) Luxembourg or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax. 
The Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, 
as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such 
moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
In the event that the "Gross Up" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will make payments of nominal and interest to the holders of 
the Securities, Receipts and Coupons net of withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any jurisdiction. 
8.3 
FATCA 
No additional amounts will be paid by any relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Paying Agent on account 
of any deduction or withholding from a payment on, or in respect of, the Securities where such deduction 
or withholding is imposed pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service in 
connection with Sections 1471-1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, as amended and the U.S. 
Treasury regulations thereunder (FATCA), any intergovernmental agreement between the United States 
and France,  Luxembourg or any other jurisdiction with respect to FATCA, or any law, regulation or other 
official guidance enacted in any jurisdiction implementing, or relating to, FATCA or any 
intergovernmental agreement. 
9 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Securities (whether in bearer or registered form), Receipts and Coupons will become void unless 
claims in respect of nominal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of nominal) 
and five (5) years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in General Condition 8.2 
(Gross Up)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this General Condition 9 or General Condition 
5.2 (Presentation of Definitive Bearer Securities, Receipts and Coupons) or any Talon which would be 
void pursuant to General Condition 5.2 (Presentation of Definitive Bearer Securities, Receipts and 
Coupons).

--- Page 311 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
311 
10 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
Unless this General Condition 10 is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if any 
one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment of any nominal or interest due on the Securities or any of them 
on the due date and such default, in the case of any payment of interest or, in respect of Instalment 
Securities, nominal, continues for a period of 15 days or more after written notice thereof is 
received by the relevant Issuer from the Principal Paying Agent (and the Principal Paying Agent 
shall be bound to give such notice forthwith upon the request of any Securityholder) unless the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor shall have remedied such default before the expiry of such period 
and save that late delivery of any Physical Settlement Amount in the circumstances described in 
Annex 1 (Asset Conditions) in respect of ETF Linked Securities or Share Linked Securities, 
Annex 2 (Credit Linked Conditions) or Annex 3 (Bond Linked Conditions) (as the case may be) 
respectively shall not constitute an Event of Default hereunder; or 
(b) 
if the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations 
under the Terms and Conditions of the Securities or the Guarantee and (except where such failure 
is incapable of remedy when no notice will be required) and if such default is capable of being 
remedied by the relevant Issuer or Guarantor, such default has not been so remedied within 60 
days after written notice is received by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) 
from the Principal Paying Agent (and the Principal Paying Agent shall be bound to give such 
notice forthwith upon the request of any Securityholder) specifying such default and requiring 
the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
in the case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB or Crédit Agricole CIB FS, if the relevant 
Issuer ceases to pay its debts generally as and when they fall due or a judgment is issued for the 
judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the relevant Issuer or for the transfer of the whole 
of its business (cession totale de l'entreprise), or the relevant Issuer is subject to similar 
bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, or the relevant Issuer makes any proposals for a 
conveyance, assignment or other arrangement concerning the whole or a substantial part of its 
assets for the benefit of its creditors, or a resolution is passed by the relevant Issuer for its 
winding-up or dissolution, other than in connection with the consolidation or amalgamation of 
the relevant Issuer with, or its merger with or into, or the transfer of all or substantially all its 
assets to another entity and the creditworthiness of the resulting, surviving or transferee entity is 
not materially weaker than that of the relevant Issuer immediately prior to such action; or 
(d) 
in the case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FL, if Crédit Agricole CIB FL is declared 
bankrupt upon petition by one of its creditors or at the initiative of the court or at its request in 
accordance with the relevant provisions of Luxembourg insolvency law; if it is in a state of 
cessation of payments (cessation de paiements) and has lost its commercial creditworthiness 
(ébranlement de crédit); if the failure of controlled management proceedings constitutes grounds 
for opening bankruptcy proceedings; if the Luxembourg court opens any of the following 
proceedings: bankruptcy "faillite", insolvency, voluntary or judicial liquidation "liquidation 
volontaire ou judiciaire", composition with creditors "concordat préventif de la faillite", 
moratorium or reprieve from payment "sursis de paiement", controlled management "gestion 
contrôlée", general settlement with creditors, reorganisation or similar laws affecting the rights 
of creditors generally with respect to Crédit Agricole CIB FL; if any of the following are 
appointed by the Luxembourg court in respect of Crédit Agricole CIB FL: a juge délégué, 
commissaire, juge-commissaire, liquidateur or curateur; or 
(e) 
the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be, in full force and effect, 
then any holder of a Security may, by written notice to the relevant Issuer at the specified office of the 
Principal Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent (or, in 
the case of Swedish Securities or Finnish Securities, on such later date on which the relevant Securities 
have been transferred to the account designated by the Swedish Issuing Agent or the Finnish Issuing 
Agent and blocked for further transfer by said Agent), declare any Securities held by the holder to be

--- Page 312 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
312 
forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the Fair Market 
Value Redemption Amount, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
11 
REPLACEMENT OF SECURITIES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Security, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Securities, Receipts 
and Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities) upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the relevant Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Securities, Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12 
AGENTS 
12.1 
General provisions 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The relevant Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional 
or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided 
that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent, a Registrar and a Transfer Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Securities are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Securities and 
French Law Securities) and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Securities) with a 
specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant 
stock exchange (or any other relevant authority); 
(c) 
where the Conditions so require, there will be a Delivery Agent; 
(d) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Securities payable in a Specified Currency other than 
U.S. dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange Agent 
with a specified office in New York City; 
(e) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within continental Europe; 
(f) 
so long as there are any Swedish Securities outstanding, there will at all times be a Swedish CSD, 
duly authorised as a central securities depository (in Swedish: central värdepappersförvarare) 
under the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act, and an issuing agent (in Swedish: 
emissionsinstitut) duly authorised as such under the Swedish CSD Rules, appointed by the 
relevant Issuer for the relevant Swedish Securities; 
(g) 
as long as there are any Norwegian Securities outstanding, there will at all times be a Norwegian 
CSD, duly authorised as a central security depository (in Norwegian: verdipapirregister) as 
required by the Norwegian Securities Register Act (in Norwegian: lov om registrering av 
finansielle instrumenter av 5. juli 2002 nr.64) and an issuing agent (in Norwegian: kontofører 
utsteder) duly authorised under the Norwegian CSD Rules, appointed by the relevant Issuer for 
the relevant Norwegian Securities; and 
(h) 
as long as there are any Finnish Securities outstanding, there will at all times be a Finnish CSD, 
duly authorised as a central securities depository under the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry 
System and Clearing Operations and an issuing agent duly authorised as such under the Finnish 
CSD Rules appointed by the relevant Issuer for the relevant Finnish Securities. 
In addition, the relevant Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in General Condition 5.5 (General provisions applicable to 
payments). Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the

--- Page 313 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
313 
case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 days' prior notice thereof 
shall have been given to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantor and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any 
Securityholders, Receiptholders, Couponholders or Certificateholders. The Agency Agreement contains 
provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is 
consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
In addition, the Delivery Agent may (with the prior written consent of the relevant Issuer) delegate certain 
of its functions and duties as delivery agent to a delegee in relation to Credit Linked Securities, Bond 
Linked Securities, ETF Linked Securities subject to physical delivery or Share Linked Securities subject 
to physical delivery. 
12.2 
Calculation Agent 
(a) 
The relevant Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents 
if provision is made for them in the applicable Final Terms and for so long as any Securities are 
outstanding. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Securities, 
references in the Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation 
Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails to 
perform any functions or duty imposed on it by the Conditions or the Calculation Agency 
Agreement, it shall forthwith notify the relevant Issuer and the relevant Agent and such Issuer 
shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting 
through any office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation 
Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed. 
(c) 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this General Condition 12.2 shall prevent the relevant 
Issuer from appointing its Affiliate to act as a Calculation Agent in relation to any Series of the 
Securities. 
(d) 
If the Calculation Agent does not at any time for any reason determine or calculate the Rate of 
Interest or the Linked Interest Rate for an Interest Accrual Period or any Interest Amount, the 
relevant Issuer shall do so (or shall appoint an agent on its behalf to do so) and such determination 
or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent. In doing so, the 
relevant Issuer shall apply the provisions of General Condition 4 (Interest) and General 
Condition 5 (Payments), with any necessary consequential amendments, to the extent that, in its 
opinion, it can do so, and, in all other respects, it shall do so in such manner as it shall deem fair 
and reasonable in all the circumstances. 
(e) 
The relevant Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the relevant Calculation Agency Agreement, provided that 
there will at all times be a Calculation Agent, if so required by the Conditions. Notice of any 
termination of appointment of the Calculation Agent will be given to Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(f) 
In relation to each Series of Securities, the Calculation Agent (whether it be the relevant Issuer, 
its Affiliate or another entity) acts solely as agent of the relevant Issuer and does not assume any 
obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Securityholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders. 
(g) 
The Calculation Agent may, with the consent of the relevant Issuer, delegate any of its 
obligations and functions to a third party as it deems appropriate and any determination or

--- Page 314 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
314 
calculation by any such delegate shall be deemed to be a determination or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent. 
12.3 
Determinations 
(a) 
Unless stated otherwise in the Conditions, all determinations and calculations under the 
Conditions will be made by the Calculation Agent. 
(b) 
Any determination, judgment or adjustment made by the relevant Issuer and/or the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to the Conditions shall (save in the case of manifest error) and to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, be final, conclusive and binding on the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the relevant Agents and the Securityholders, unless otherwise expressly provided in 
the Conditions. 
(c) 
In particular, all certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of General 
Condition 4 (Interest) and General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), whether by the 
relevant Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent or the relevant Issuer, shall (in the absence 
of manifest error), and to the extent permitted by applicable law, be binding on the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other 
Paying Agents and all Securityholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence 
as aforesaid) no liability to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Securityholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, 
the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(d) 
In making any determination, judgment or adjustment pursuant to the Conditions, the relevant 
Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent shall not have regard to any interests arising from 
circumstances particular to individual Securityholders (whatever their number) and, in particular 
but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such determination for 
individual Securityholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose 
domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and the Calculation Agent shall not be 
entitled to require, nor shall any Securityholder be entitled to claim, from the relevant Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax 
consequences of any such determination upon individual Securityholders. 
(e) 
Unless stated otherwise in the Conditions and subject as provided below, the relevant Issuer or 
the Calculation Agent is entitled to act in its sole and absolute discretion, but it shall act in good 
faith. Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act, make a determination or to exercise 
judgement in any way as a result of a Benchmark Trigger Event under these Conditions (and 
notwithstanding any statement to the contrary in the Asset Conditions), it will do so (i) in good 
faith, in a commercially reasonable manner and by reference to any Relevant Market Data and 
(ii) in a way that does not (A) result in it being, or will not be, unlawful at any time under any 
applicable law or regulation to determine the Relevant Benchmark in accordance with any 
applicable fallback (or it will be unlawful were a determination to be made at such time), (B) 
contravene any applicable licensing requirements to determine the Relevant Benchmark in 
accordance with any applicable fallback (or it will not contravene those licensing requirements 
were a determination to be made at such time) or (C) subject the Calculation Agent, the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their Affiliates to material additional regulatory obligations. 
(f) 
If "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these General Conditions or the relevant Additional 
Conditions, the relevant Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, may only modify 
or adjust the terms of the Securities in accordance with these General Conditions or the relevant 
Additional Conditions, including, as the case may be, the substitution of the Underlying (other 
than modifications or adjustments that do not relate to essential characteristics of the Securities) 
or redeem the Securities prior to their Redemption Date in accordance with these General

--- Page 315 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
315 
Conditions or the relevant Additional Conditions, following an event or circumstance (or 
combination of events or circumstances) that (i) is not attributable to the relevant Issuer and 
significantly alters the economics of the Securities compared to the economics as of the Issue 
Date or (ii) constitutes a Force Majeure Event. Any such modification or adjustment of the 
General Conditions may not create a significant imbalance between the rights and obligations of 
the parties to the detriment of the Securityholders. 
The Securityholders may not be charged any costs for the modification or adjustment of the 
General Conditions or for the early redemption of the Securities before their Redemption Date. 
For the purpose of this General Condition, "essential characteristics" of the Securities means 
characteristics of the Securities that are considered essential to the Securityholders, including 
without limitation the yield (coupon structure), the underlying value, whether or not the 
investment is reimbursed in whole or in part on the relevant redemption date, the identity of the 
issuer and/or of the guarantor and the scheduled redemption date. 
13 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including 
(if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Security to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions 
of General Condition 8 (Taxation). 
14 
NOTICES 
14.1 
Securities other than Linked Interest Securities or Linked Redemption Securities or French Law 
Securities 
All notices regarding Bearer Securities will be deemed to be validly given if published (i) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London or in the CNY Settlement Centre(s) 
(in the case of Securities denominated in CNY) and (ii) if and for so long as the Bearer Securities are 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg 
and/or on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website (www.bourse.lu). It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London and the Luxemburger Wort or 
the Tageblatt in Luxembourg. The relevant Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a 
manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange (or any other relevant 
authority) on which the Bearer Securities are for the time being listed. Any such notice will be deemed to 
have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one 
newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
All notices regarding Registered Securities will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail 
or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at their 
respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth day 
after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Securities are listed on a stock exchange and 
the rules of that stock exchange (or other relevant authority) so require, such notice will be published in 
a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by the rules of that stock exchange 
(or other relevant authority). 
All notices regarding Swedish Securities will be deemed to be validly given is sent in accordance with 
the Swedish CSD Rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of the publication 
through the facilities of the Swedish CSD. 
Until such time as any Definitive Securities are issued, there may, so long as any Global Securities 
representing the Securities are held in their entirety on behalf of DTC and/or Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the

--- Page 316 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
316 
relevant notice to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to 
the holders of the Securities and, in addition, for so long as any Securities are listed on a stock exchange 
and the rules of that stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) so require, such notice will be 
published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by the rules of that 
stock exchange (or any other relevant authority). Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to 
the holders of the Securities on the first DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg business 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Securityholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Security in definitive form) with the relative Security or Securities, with the Principal 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Securities) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities). 
Whilst any of the Securities are represented by a Global Security, such notice may be given by any holder 
of a Security to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through DTC and/or Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Registrar and DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve 
for this purpose. 
At the current date, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg have stated that they will only accept as 
valid notices in electronic form such as SWIFT transmissions. 
14.2 
Linked Interest Securities or Linked Redemption Securities 
Notwithstanding the provisions of General Condition 14.1 (Securities other than Linked Interest 
Securities or Linked Redemption Securities), so long as the Securities, being Linked Interest Securities or 
Linked Redemption Securities, are represented by a Global Security held in its entirety on behalf of DTC 
and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, all notices to the Securityholders may be given by 
delivery of such notices to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication 
by them to the holders of the Securities. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the day 
on which such notice was given to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notwithstanding as aforesaid, for so long as any such Securities are admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market, all notices regarding such Securities shall be deemed to 
be validly given if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange website (www.bourse.lu). It is expected that such publication will be made 
in the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt in Luxembourg. Any such notice will be deemed to have been 
given on the date of the first publication in the required newspaper. 
Subject to the requirement of the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, until such time as any 
Definitive Securities are issued, there may, so long as any Global Securities representing the Securities 
are held in their entirety on behalf of DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper the delivery of the relevant notice to DTC and/or 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Securities. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the first DTC and/or Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg business day after the day on which such notice was given to DTC and/or 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
If the Global Security is exchanged for Definitive Securities, as a condition to such exchange, the relevant 
Securityholder will be required to give to the relevant Issuer an address to which notices concerning the 
Security may be validly given. Upon any transfer of the Definitive Securities, the new holder of the 
Definitive Securities must provide to the relevant Issuer at its specified office an address to which notices 
concerning the Definitive Security may be validly given. Until the relevant Issuer is informed of any new 
address as aforesaid it shall be entitled to deliver notices concerning the Definitive Security to the last 
address notified to it as aforesaid, and any notice so given shall be deemed validly given notwithstanding 
that the Definitive Security may have been transferred. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the day when delivered or, if delivered after 5.00 p.m. on a business day or on a day other than 
a business day, on the next following business day in the place of delivery.

--- Page 317 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
317 
14.3 
French Law Securities 
(a) 
Notices sent to Holders of Dematerialised French Securities in registered form will be valid 
either, (i) if they are sent to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed 
to have been given on fourth Business Day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) after sending, or 
(ii) at the option of the Issuer, if they are published in one of the main daily newspapers with 
wide circulation in Europe. It is specified that as long as these Securities are admitted to trading 
on any regulated market(s), notices will be valid if they are published in a broad daily distribution 
in the city or cities where the Regulated Market(s) on which these Securities are admitted to 
trading are located, which will in principle be the Luxemburger Wort in the case of the Bourse 
de Luxembourg, or (iii) for as long as the Securities are admitted to trading on the Market 
Regulated by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, if they are published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange Luxembourg (www.bourse.lu). 
(b) 
Notices sent to Holders of Materialised French Securities in bearer form and Dematerialised 
French Securities in bearer form will be valid if they are published (i) in one of the main daily 
newspapers of wide circulation in Europe, and, as long as these Securities are admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market , in one of the main daily newspapers with wide circulation in the city or 
cities where the Regulated Market(s) on which these Securities are admitted to trading are 
located, which will in principle be the Luxemburger Wort in the case of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, or (iii) for as long that the Securities will be admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg, if they are published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
(c) 
If such publication is impracticable, the notice will be deemed validly given if it is published in 
another recognized English-language daily newspaper which is widely distributed in Europe. In 
this case, this notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of this publication, or in the 
event that the notice is published several times or on different dates, on the date of the first 
publication. Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have been informed of the content 
any notice for Holders of Materialised Securities in bearer form in accordance with this 
condition. 
(d) 
Notices to be sent to Holders of Dematerialised French Securities (whether in registered form or 
bearer form) may be delivered to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
any other clearing system with which Securities are then cleared in lieu of the mailing and 
publication provided for in General Condition 14 (a), (b) and (c) above; as an exception to the 
above, as long that these Securities will be admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) and 
that the rules of this Regulated Market so require, (i) notices must also be published in a daily 
wide distribution in the city or cities where the Regulated Market(s) on which these Securities 
are admitted to the trading are located, which will in principle be the Luxemburger Wort in the 
case of the Bourse de Luxembourg (or, for as long as the Securities are admitted to trading on 
the Regulated by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices must also be published on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)). 
(e) 
Notices relating to the convening and decisions of General Meetings provided for in the General 
Condition 15.2 (Specific provisions applicable to French Law Securities) and by virtue of articles 
R.228-79 and R.236-11 of the French Code de commerce, will only be issued to Euroclear 
France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Securities are 
then cleared. For the avoidance of doubt, General Condition 14 (a), (b), (c) and (d) above do not 
apply to these notices. 
15 
MEETINGS OF SECURITYHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
15.1 
Securities other than French Law Securities   
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Securityholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in 
the Agency Agreement) of a modification of the Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the

--- Page 318 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
318 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the relevant Issuer or 
Securityholders and shall be convened by the relevant Issuer if required in writing by Securityholders 
holding not less than ten (10) per cent. in nominal amount of the Securities for the time being remaining 
outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Securities for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Securityholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Securities so held or represented, except that at any meeting the 
business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Securities, the Receipts or the 
Coupons (including modifying the date of redemption of the Securities or any date for payment of interest 
thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of nominal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the 
Securities or altering the currency of payment of the Securities, the Receipts or the Coupons), the quorum 
shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the 
Securities for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding 
or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Securities for the time being outstanding. 
An Extraordinary Resolution (i) passed at any meeting of the Securityholders or (ii) as a resolution in 
writing signed by or on behalf of all the Securityholders or, where the Securities are held by or on behalf 
of a clearing system or clearing systems, approval of a resolution given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communication systems of the relevant clearing system(s), shall be 
binding on all the Securityholders, whether or not (in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a 
meeting) they are present at the meeting, and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
In respect of Italian Listed Securities, for the purposes of (i) ascertaining the right to attend and vote at 
any meeting of Certificateholders and (ii) the determination of how many Italian Listed Securities are 
outstanding for the purposes of this General Condition 15 and Schedule 5 (Provisions for Meetings of 
Securityholders) of the Agency Agreement, those Italian Listed Securities which are beneficially held by, 
or on behalf of, the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries and not cancelled 
shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to be outstanding provided, for the avoidance 
of doubt, that this shall not prejudice any rights of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (through their 
respective representatives) and their respective legal and financial advisers in such Schedule 5 to attend 
and speak at any such meeting. 
The relevant Issuer may, without the consent of the Securityholders, Receiptholders, Couponholders or 
Certificateholders (and without considering the individual circumstances of any such Securityholders, 
Receiptholders, Couponholders, Certificateholders or the tax or other consequences of such adjustment 
in any particular jurisdiction) implement any modification to Terms and Conditions of the Securities, the 
Receipts, the Coupons, the Italian Securities or the Agency Agreement which is: 
(a) 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders; and/or 
(b) 
of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or omission, 
to cure, correct or supplement any defective provision contained herein and/or therein or to 
comply with (i) mandatory provisions of law or regulation, (ii) any rules or requirements of any 
regulatory authority supervising the Issuer or (iii) any requirement of any stock exchange on 
which the Securities may be listed. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders 
and any such modification shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
15.2 
Specific provisions applicable to French Law Securities  
In this Condition 15.2: 
"General Meeting" refers to a general meeting of Holders of all Tranches of a single Series and include, 
unless the context otherwise requires, any adjourned meeting thereof; 
"French Law Securities" and "Holders" refer only to the French Law Securities of the Series in respect 
of which a General Meeting has been, or is to be, called, and to the French Law Securities of the Series

--- Page 319 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
319 
in respect of which a Written Resolution has been, or is to be sought, and to the holders of those French 
Law Securities (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer), respectively;    
"Electronic Consent" has the meaning set out in General Condition 15.2(A)(7)(a) below; 
"Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed or approved by or on behalf of the Holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the French Law Securities outstanding (as defined 
below). References to a Written Resolution include, unless the context otherwise requires, a resolution 
approved by Electronic Consent (as defined below); and 
"Written Resolution Date" has the meaning set out in General Condition 15.2(A)(7)(b) below. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify "Contractual Representation of Holders/No Masse", "Full Masse" 
or "Contractual Masse": 
"Contractual Representation of Holders/No Masse" may be specified in respect of any Tranche of 
French Law Securities which: (i) have a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), or (ii) are traded in amounts of at least EUR 
100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), or (iii) are issued outside France. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify "Contractual Representation of Holders/No Masse", sub-paragraph 
(A) below shall apply. 
"Full Masse" will be specified in relation to any Tranche of French Law Securities which are issued 
inside of France, and (A) have a Specified Denomination of less EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the 
relevant currency as of the Issue Date), or (B) are traded in amounts of less than EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date). "Full Masse" may also be specified in respect of 
any Tranche of French Law Securities which: (i) have a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 
(or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), or (ii) are traded in amounts of at least 
EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), or (iii) are issued outside 
France. If the applicable Final Terms specify "Full Masse", sub-paragraph (B) below shall apply.  
"Contractual Masse" may be specified in relation to any Tranche of French Law Securities which: (i) 
have a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of 
the Issue Date), or (ii) are traded in amounts of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant 
currency as of the Issue Date), or (iii) are issued outside France. If the applicable Final Terms specify 
"Contractual Masse", paragraph (C) below shall apply. 
(A) 
Contractual Representation of Holders/No Masse 
If the applicable Final Terms specify "Contractual Representation of Holders/No Masse", the following 
meeting and voting provisions shall apply as follows. 
(1) 
General 
Pursuant to Article L.213-6-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier, the Holders shall not be 
grouped in a masse having separate legal personality and acting in part through a representative of the 
Holders (représentant de la masse) and in part through general meetings; 
The following provisions of the French Code de commerce shall apply: Articles L.228-46-1, L.228-57, 
L.228-58, L.228-59, L.228-60, L.228-60-1, L.228-61 (with the exception of the first paragraph thereof), 
L.228- 65 (with the exception of (i) sub-paragraphs 1°, 3°, 4° and 6° of paragraph I and (ii) paragraph II), 
L.228-66, L.228-67, L.228-68, L.228-76, L.228-88, R.228-65, R.228-66, R.228-67, R.228-68, R.228-70, 
R.228-71, R.228-72, R.228-73, R.228-74 and R.228-75. Whenever the words "de la masse", "d'une même 
masse", "par les représentants de la masse", "d'une masse", "et au représentant de la masse", "de la 
masse intéressée", "dont la masse est convoquée en assemblée" or "par un représentant de la masse", 
appear in those provisions, they shall be deemed to be deleted, and subject to the following provisions of 
this General Condition 15.2(A)(6). 
(2) 
Resolution

--- Page 320 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
320 
Subject to General Condition 15.2(A)(1), a resolution (the Resolution) may be passed (x) at a General 
Meeting in accordance with the quorum and voting rules described in General Condition 15.2(A)(6) below 
or (y) by a Written Resolution. 
A Resolution may be passed with respect to any matter that relates to the common rights (intérêts 
communs) of the Holders. 
A Resolution may be passed on any proposal relating to the modification of the General Conditions 
including any proposal, (i) whether for a compromise or settlement, regarding rights which are the subject 
of litigation or in respect of which a judicial decision has been rendered, and (ii) relating to a total or 
partial waiver of the guarantees granted to the holders, the deferral of any interest payment and the 
modification of the amortization or interest rate provisions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither a General Meeting nor a Written Resolution has power, and 
consequently a Resolution may not be passed to decide on any proposal relating to: 
(a) 
the modification of the objects or form of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the potential merger (fusion) or demerger (scission) including partial transfers of assets (apports 
partiels d'actifs) under the demerger regime of or by the Issuer; 
(c) 
the transfer of the registered office of a European Company (Societas Europaea – SE) to a 
different Member State of the European Union. 
However, each Holder is a creditor of the Issuer and as such enjoys, pursuant to Article L.213-6-3 IV of 
the French Code monétaire et financier, all the rights and prerogatives of individual creditors in the 
circumstances described under General Condition 15.2(A)(2)(b) and 15.2(A)(2)(c) above, including any 
right to object (former opposition). 
Each Holder is entitled to bring a legal action against the Issuer for the defence of its own interests; such 
a legal action does not require the authorisation of the General Meeting. 
The Holders may appoint a nominee to file a proof of claim in the name of all Holders in the event of 
judicial reorganisation procedure or judicial liquidation of the Issuer. Pursuant to Article L.228-85 of the 
French Code de commerce, in the absence of such appointment of a nominee, the judicial representative 
(mandataire judiciaire), at its own initiative or at the request of any Holder will ask the court to appoint 
a representative of the Holders who will file the proof of Holders' claim. 
(3) 
Convening of a General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation by the Issuer. One or more Holders, holding 
together at least one-thirtieth of the principal amount of the Securities outstanding, may address to the 
Issuer a demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been convened 
within two months after such demand, the Holders may commission one of their members to petition a 
competent court in Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided under 
General Condition 14 (Notices), not less than fifteen days prior to the date of such General Meeting on 
first convocation and, five days on second convocation. 
(4) 
Arrangements for Voting 
Each Holder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by correspondence or 
by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing the identification of 
participating Holders. 
Each French Law Security carries the right to one vote.

--- Page 321 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
321 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each Holder to 
participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant account 
holder of the name of such Holder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second Business Day preceding the date 
set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
Decisions of General Meetings must be published in accordance with the provisions set forth in General 
Condition 14 (Notices). 
(5) 
Chairman 
The Holders present at a General Meeting shall choose one of them to be chairman (the Chairman) by a 
simple majority of votes present or represented at such General Meeting (notwithstanding the absence of 
a quorum at the time of such vote). If the Holders fail to designate a Chairman, the Holder holding or 
representing the highest number of French Law Securities and present at such meeting shall be appointed 
Chairman, failing which the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The Chairman appointed by the Issuer need 
not be a Holder. The Chairman of an adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the Chairman of 
the original meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
(6) 
Quorum and Voting 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Holders present or represented hold 
at least one fifth of the principal amount of the French Law Securities then outstanding. On second 
convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a simple majority of 
votes cast by Holders attending (including by videoconference or by any other means of 
telecommunication allowing the identification of participating Securityholders) such General Meetings 
or represented thereat. 
(7) 
Written Resolution and Electronic Consent 
(a) 
The Issuer shall be entitled, in lieu of convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a 
resolution from the Holders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following sentence, a Written 
Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on 
behalf of one or more of the Holders. Approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of 
electronic communication (the Electronic Consent). 
(b) 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) 
will be published as provided under General Condition 14 (Notices) not less than five days prior to the 
date fixed for the passing of such Written Resolution (the Written Resolution Date). Notices seeking the 
approval of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with 
by the Holders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. 
Holders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date will undertake not to 
dispose of their French Law Securities until after the Written Resolution Date. 
(8) 
Effect of Resolutions 
A Resolution passed at a General Meeting or a Written Resolution (including by Electronic Consent), 
shall be binding on all Holders, whether or not present or represented at the General Meeting and whether 
or not, in the case of a Written Resolution (including by Electronic Consent), they have participated in 
such Written Resolution (including by Electronic Consent) and each of them shall be bound to give effect 
to the Resolution accordingly. 
(B) 
Full Masse 
If the applicable Final Terms specify "Full Masse", the Holders will be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests constituting a separate legal body called masse (the Masse), the Masse 
will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq of the French Code de commerce, as 
completed by, and subject to the provisions below. 
(1) 
Representation

--- Page 322 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
322 
The Masse will act in part through a representative of the Masse (the Representative) and in part through 
a general meeting of Holders (a General Meeting).  
The names and addresses of the initial Representative of the Masse and its alternate will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first tranche of any series of French 
Law Securities will be the representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as set 
out in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the event of death, retirement or revocation of appointment of the Representative, such Representative 
will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of the death, retirement or revocation of 
appointment of the alternate Representative, an alternate will be elected by the general meeting of the 
Holders. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the initial 
Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the specified offices 
of any of the Paying Agents. 
(2) 
General Meetings 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each Holder to 
participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the Relevant Clearing 
System of the name of such Holder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second Business Day preceding the date 
set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L.228-59 and R.228-67 of the French Code de commerce, notice of date, 
hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date of such General Meeting on first convocation, and five 
days on second convocation. 
Each Holder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by correspondence and, 
in accordance with Article L.228-61 of the French Code de commerce by videoconference or by any other 
means of telecommunication allowing the identification of participating Holders. 
Each French Law Security carries the right to one vote. 
(3) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer shall be entitled, in lieu of 
convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a resolution from the Holders by way of a Written 
Resolution. Subject to the following sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document 
or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Holders. Pursuant 
to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be 
given by way of Electronic Consent. 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) will be 
published as provided under General Condition 14 (Notices) not less than five days prior to the Written 
Resolution Date. Notices seeking the approval of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form 
and time-limits to be complied with by the Holders who wish to express their approval or rejection of 
such proposed Written Resolution. Holders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written 
Resolution Date will undertake not to dispose of their French Law Securities until after the Written 
Resolution Date. 
(C) 
Contractual Masse 
If the applicable Final Terms specify "Contractual Masse", the following meeting and voting provisions 
shall apply as follows.

--- Page 323 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
323 
The Holders will be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a separate legal 
body called the masse (the Masse). The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de 
commerce, and with the exception of Articles L.228-48, L.228-65 sub-paragraphs 1°, 2°, 3° and 6° of I 
and II, L.228-71, R.228-63, R.228 -67 and R.228-69, and further subject to the following provisions. 
(1) 
Representation 
The Masse will act in part through a representative of the Masse (the Representative) and in part through 
a general meeting of the Holders (a General Meeting). 
The names and addresses of the initial Representative of the Masse and its alternate will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first tranche of any Series of 
French Law Securities will be the representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as set 
out in the relevant applicable Final Terms. 
In the event of death, retirement or revocation of appointment of the Representative, such Representative 
will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of the death, retirement or revocation of 
appointment of the alternate Representative, a further alternate will be elected by the General Meeting of 
the Holders. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the initial 
Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the specified offices 
of any of the Paying Agents. 
(2) 
General Meetings  
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce the right of each Holder to 
participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the Relevant Clearing 
System of the name of such Holder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second Business Day preceding the date 
set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L.228-59 and R.228-67 of the French Code de commerce, notice of date, 
hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date of such General Meeting on first convocation, and five 
days on second convocation. 
Each Holder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by correspondence and, 
in accordance with Article L.228-61 of the French Code de commerce by videoconference or by any other 
means of telecommunication allowing the identification of participating Holders. 
Each French Law Security carries the right to one vote. 
(3) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent  
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer shall be entitled, in lieu of 
convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a resolution from the Holders by way of a Written 
Resolution. Subject to the following sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document 
or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Holders. Pursuant 
to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be 
given by way of Electronic Consent. 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) will be 
published as provided under General Condition 14 (Notices) not less than five days prior to the Written 
Resolution Date. Notices seeking the approval of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form 
and time-limits to be complied with by the Holders who wish to express their approval or rejection of 
such proposed Written Resolution. Holders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written

--- Page 324 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
324 
Resolution Date will undertake not to dispose of their French Law Securities until after the Written 
Resolution Date. 
(D) 
Information to Holders 
Each Holder will have the right, during (A) the 15-day period preceding the holding of the relevant 
General Meeting on first convocation or (B) the 5-day period preceding the holding of the relevant 
General Meeting on second convocation, or, (C) in the case of a Written Resolution, a period of not less 
than five days preceding the Written Resolution Date, as the case may be, to consult or make a copy of 
the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports which will be prepared in connection 
with such resolution, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Holders at the registered 
office of the Issuer, at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents during usual business hours and 
at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting or the Written Resolution. 
Decisions of General Meetings and Written Resolution once approved will be published in accordance 
with the provisions of General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(E) 
Expenses 
If "Contractual Representation of Holders/No Masse" or "Contractual Masse" are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse and 
expenses relating to the calling and holding of General Meetings and seeking the approval of a Written 
Resolution, and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by the General Meeting or in 
writing through Written Resolution by the Holders, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be 
imputed against interest payable under the French Law Securities. 
If "Full Masse" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Article L. 228-71 of the French Code de 
commerce shall apply. 
(F) 
Single Masse 
If "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Holders of French 
Law Securities of the same Series, and the holders of French Law Securities of any other Series which 
have been assimilated with the French Law Securities of such first mentioned Series in accordance with 
General Condition 16 (Further Issues), shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be 
grouped in a single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of 
French Law Securities will be the Representative of the single Masse of all such Series. 
(G) 
Sole Holder 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse", if and for so long as the 
French Law Securities of a given Series are held by a single Holder, the relevant Holder will exercise 
directly the powers delegated to the Representative and General Meetings of Holders under the General 
Conditions. For the avoidance of doubt, if a Representative has been appointed while the French Law 
Securities of a given Series are held by a single Holder, such Representative shall be devoid of powers. 
A Representative shall only be appointed if the French Law Securities of a Series are held by more than 
one Holder. 
(H) 
Terms and Conditions 
In the case of French Law Securities which (A) have a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 
(or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date); or (B) can only be traded in amounts of 
at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), the Issuer may 
modify the terms and conditions of the French Law Securities without the consent of the Holders to correct 
a manifest error. 
(I) 
Waiver and Acknowledgement

--- Page 325 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
325 
To the extent that article L.228-65 of the French Code de commerce is applicable to the French Law 
Securities, Holders hereby acknowledge that they consent in advance to the issue by the Issuer of any 
debt instruments benefiting from a security over assets (surêté réelle) which will not also benefit to the 
Holders.  
15.3 
Benchmark Trigger Event 
Where a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in respect of (a) a Relevant Rate Benchmark which is used in 
whole or in part to calculate interest under General Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities), 
or (b) an Additional Relevant Rate Benchmark, the Calculation Agent shall elect to take one of the actions 
described in Rate Linked Asset Condition 3 (regardless of whether the Rate Linked Asset Conditions are 
specified as applying in the relevant Final Terms). 
Any such action shall be binding on all Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders and 
shall be notified by the Issuer as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
16 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The relevant Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Securityholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further securities having terms and conditions 
the same as the Securities or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated (assimilables in the case of French Law 
Securities) and form a single Series with the outstanding Securities. 
17 
SUBSTITUTION OR ADDITION OF AN ISSUER 
17.1 
Conditions Precedent to Substitution 
The relevant Issuer (such term including, for the purposes of this General Condition 17 only, any company 
previously substituted pursuant to this General Condition 17.1) may, without the consent of the 
Securityholders, be replaced and substituted by another company designated by the relevant Issuer or (in 
the case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL) the Guarantor as 
principal debtor (the Substituted Debtor) in respect of the Securities provided that: 
(a) 
(i) (except with respect to French Law Securities) a deed poll in or substantially in the form 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement shall be executed by the Substituted Debtor pursuant to 
which the Substituted Debtor shall undertake in favour of each Securityholder (such term 
including, for the purposes of this General Condition only, Couponholders and Receiptholders) 
to be bound by the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Deed of Covenant as fully as if the Substituted Debtor had been 
named in the Securities and the Agency Agreement and the applicable Deed of Covenant as the 
principal debtor in respect of the Securities in place of the relevant Issuer, (ii), save in 
circumstances where the Substituted Debtor is Crédit Agricole CIB, a guarantee in or 
substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement shall be executed by the Issuer (in 
the case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB) or the Guarantor (in the case of Securities 
issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL) pursuant to which the Issuer or 
the Guarantor (as the case may be) shall irrevocably and unconditionally guarantee in favour of 
each Securityholder the payment of all sums payable by the Substituted Debtor as such principal 
debtor and (iii) such other documents (if any) (together with the deed poll and the guarantee 
above, the Documents) shall be executed by the Substituted Debtor, the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(as the case may be) as may be necessary to give full effect to the substitution; 
(b) 
without prejudice to the generality of paragraph (a) above or paragraph (c) below, where the 
Substituted Debtor is incorporated, domiciled or resident for taxation purposes in a territory other 
than the relevant Issuer's jurisdiction of incorporation (originally France in the case of Securities 
issued respectively by Crédit Agricole CIB or Crédit Agricole CIB FS and Luxembourg in the 
case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FL), the Documents shall contain a covenant

--- Page 326 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
326 
by the Substituted Debtor and/or such other provisions as may be necessary to ensure that each 
Securityholder has the benefit of a covenant in terms corresponding to the provisions of General 
Condition 8 (Taxation) with the substitution for the references to the relevant Issuer's jurisdiction 
of incorporation of references to the territory or territories in which the Substituted Debtor is 
incorporated, domiciled and/or resident for taxation purposes so that the Securityholders are 
placed in no weaker a position by reason of the substitution than they would have been had such 
substitution not taken place; 
(c) 
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor and the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) (i) that the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as the case may be) have obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory 
approvals and consents for such substitution and for the giving by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as 
the case may be) of a guarantee in respect of the obligations of the Substituted Debtor and the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) and for the performance by each of the Substituted 
Debtor and the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) of its obligations under the 
Documents and that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect and (ii) that the 
obligations assumed by each of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the 
case may be) under the Documents are all legal, valid and binding in accordance with their 
respective terms; 
(d) 
each stock exchange or market on which the Securities are listed or admitted to trading shall 
have confirmed that following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor the Securities 
will continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(e) 
the Substituted Debtor shall have delivered, or procured the delivery, to the Principal Paying 
Agent of a legal opinion from a leading firm of lawyers acting for the Substituted Debtor to the 
effect that the Documents will upon execution constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of 
the Substituted Debtor, such opinion to be dated not more than seven (7) days prior to the date 
of the substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by 
Securityholders at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent; 
(f) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) shall have delivered, or procured the delivery, 
to the Principal Paying Agent of a legal opinion from a leading firm of lawyers acting for the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) to the effect that the Documents (including, if 
applicable, the guarantee given by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) in respect of 
the Substituted Debtor) will upon execution constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be), such opinion to be dated not more than seven (7) 
days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available 
for inspection by Securityholders at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent; 
(g) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) shall have delivered, or procured the delivery, 
to the Principal Paying Agent of a legal opinion from a leading firm of English lawyers and/or 
French lawyers (as applicable) to the effect that the Documents (including, if applicable, the 
guarantee given by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) in respect of the Substituted 
Debtor) will upon execution constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the parties thereto 
under English law or French law (as applicable), such opinion to be dated not more than seven 
(7) days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be 
available for inspection by Securityholders at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent; 
(h) 
the Substituted Debtor shall have appointed the process agent appointed by the relevant Issuer 
in General Condition 23.3 (Appointment of Process Agent) or another person, in respect of 
English Law Securities, with an office in England as its agent in England, or, in respect of French 
Law Securities, with an office in France as its agent in France, or, in respect of Irish Law 
Securities, with an office in Ireland as its agent in Ireland, to receive service of process on its 
behalf in relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the 
Securities;

--- Page 327 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
327 
(i) 
in the case of Swedish Securities or Finnish Securities, the Swedish CSD or the Finnish CSD has 
given its consent to the substitution (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed); and 
(j) 
where "Essential Trigger" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the following 
conditions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Substituted Debtor shall be an affiliate of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case 
may be); 
(ii) 
the Documents shall contain a representation by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer 
that there are no payment arrears or there are no indications of imminent payment 
arrears or of payment problems or repayment problems for the principal and interest on 
the Securities; 
(iii) 
the Documents shall contain an undertaking by the Substituted Debtor that it will 
indemnify the Securityholders against the adverse financial impact of the tax and 
regulatory regime to which it is subject; 
(iv) 
the Substituted Debtor shall have at least the same long-term rating as that of Issuer or 
the Guarantor (as the case may be) at the time of the substitution; and 
(v) 
the Securityholders are not charged any costs relating to the substitution. 
17.2 
Assumption by Substituted Debtor 
Upon execution of the Documents as referred to in General Condition 17.1(a), and subject to the other 
requirements therein having been met, (a) the Substituted Debtor shall be deemed to be named in the 
Securities as the principal debtor in place of the relevant Issuer, (b) the Securities, the applicable Deed of 
Covenant and the Agency Agreement shall thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the 
substitution including (where the context allows) substituting references to the relevant Issuer's 
jurisdiction of incorporation (originally France in the case of Securities issued respectively by Crédit 
Agricole CIB and Crédit Agricole CIB FS and Luxembourg in the case of Securities issued by Crédit 
Agricole CIB FL) with references to the Substituted Debtor's jurisdiction of incorporation and (c) the 
relevant Issuer shall be released as issuer from (i) in the case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB, 
all of its obligations as principal debtor in respect of the Securities or (ii) in the case of Securities issued 
by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL, all of its obligations in respect of the Securities. 
17.3 
Deposit of Documents 
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Principal Paying Agent for so long as any Security 
remains outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the Substituted Debtor, the relevant Issuer 
or (in the case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL) the Guarantor 
by any Securityholder in relation to the Securities or the Documents shall not have been finally 
adjudicated, settled or discharged. The Substituted Debtor and the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the 
case may be) shall acknowledge in the Documents the right of every Securityholder to production of the 
Documents for the enforcement of any of the Securities or the Documents. In the case of Securities listed 
on a stock exchange, the appropriate documentation will be filed with the relevant stock exchange. 
17.4 
Notice of Substitution 
Not more than 15 days after execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor shall give notice thereof 
to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). For the avoidance of doubt, 
non-delivery of such notice shall not invalidate the substitution. 
17.5 
Tax consequences 
In connection with such right of change or substitution an Issuer shall not be obliged to have regard to the 
consequences of the exercise of such right for individual Securityholders resulting from their being for

--- Page 328 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
328 
any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory, and no Securityholder shall be entitled to claim from the relevant Issuer any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such change or substitution upon 
such Securityholder. 
17.6 
Optional Substitution of the Guarantor 
(a) 
If Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL pursuant to this 
Programme are guaranteed by Crédit Agricole CIB, Crédit Agricole S.A. may be substituted for 
Crédit Agricole CIB in its capacity as Guarantor for one or more categories of Securities and the 
related Receipts, Coupons and Talons, upon a joint decision by Crédit Agricole S.A. and Crédit 
Agricole CIB, without the consent of Securityholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders. As 
indicated in the 2020 Universal Registration Document,, paragraph 1.3 "Group affiliation 
mechanism" of Chapter 6 "Consolidated financial statements at 31 December 2020" on page 282 
to 283, Crédit Agricole S.A. is the parent company of Crédit Agricole CIB and the central body 
of the Crédit Agricole Network with which Crédit Agricole CIB is affiliated. If Crédit Agricole 
S.A. and Crédit Agricole CIB decide to substitute Crédit Agricole S.A. for Crédit Agricole CIB 
in its capacity as guarantor for one or more categories of Securities (hereafter, in such capacity, 
the Substituted Guarantor), Crédit Agricole CIB must notify the holders of such Securities in 
accordance with the provisions of General Condition 14 (Notices) at least thirty (30) days and 
not more than sixty (60) days in advance and, immediately after the expiration of such 
notification, the Substituted Guarantor will become the Guarantor for the Securities, Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons in place of Crédit Agricole CIB, and the Securityholders, Receiptholders 
and Couponholders will immediately cease to hold any rights or claims on Crédit Agricole CIB. 
However, no such substitution will take place: 
(i) 
if Crédit Agricole S.A. does not have at least the same long-term rating as that of Crédit 
Agricole CIB at the time of the substitution; 
(ii) 
if there are payment arrears or there are indications of imminent payment arrears or of 
payment problems or repayment problems for the principal and interest; 
(iii) 
unless Crédit Agricole S.A. undertakes (A) to hold Securityholders harmless from 
disadvantageous financial consequences of a difference in the tax and regulatory regime 
to which Crédit Agricole S.A. is or may be subject and (B) not to pass on to 
Securityholders the costs associated with the substitution; 
(iv) 
if, on the date of such substitution, it results in payments that should be made pursuant 
to the Securities being subject to a withholding tax or a deduction that should not have 
been imposed in the absence of such substitution; 
(v) 
before Crédit Agricole S.A. grants an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee, 
substantially in the form of the Guarantee, with respect to Crédit Agricole CIB's 
obligations; and 
(vi) 
in any event, before Crédit Agricole S.A. concludes any amendments and/or other 
agreements that may be necessary in order for Crédit Agricole S.A. to be bound by valid 
and legally binding obligations identical to the valid and legally binding obligations that 
bound Crédit Agricole CIB pursuant to contractual documents relating to the Securities, 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons (other than the Guarantee). 
(b) 
In the event of a substitution taking place in accordance with this General Condition 17.6, a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus will be published by the Issuer relating to the conditions of 
the guarantee granted by Crédit Agricole S.A. and the description of Crédit Agricole S.A. 
(c) 
In the event of a substitution taking place under these conditions and at the effective date of the 
substitution:

--- Page 329 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
329 
(i) 
any reference to Crédit Agricole CIB as Guarantor, for the purposes of conditions 
applicable to Securities, Receipts, Coupons and Talons and related contractual 
documents, will be deemed to be a reference to Crédit Agricole S.A.; and 
(ii) 
any reference to the Guarantee, for the purposes of conditions applicable to Securities, 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons and related contractual documents, will be deemed to be 
a reference to the guarantee granted by Crédit Agricole S.A. for the Securities, Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons. 
(d) 
For the purposes of this General Condition 17.6, it is expressly agreed that by subscribing to, 
acquiring or purchasing the Securities by any means, Securityholders, Receiptholders and 
Couponholders are deemed to have expressly agreed to Crédit Agricole S.A.'s substitution for 
Crédit Agricole CIB and to Crédit Agricole CIB's release from any of its obligations with respect 
to the Securities and any related agreements, and are expressly deemed to have accepted such 
substitution and its consequences. 
17.7 
Addition of an Issuer 
A new Issuer (a New Issuer) may, without the consent of existing Securityholders, issue a Securities 
(other than French Law Securities) in accordance with these Terms and Conditions pursuant to the 
Programme provided that: 
(a) 
(i) a deed poll in or substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement shall be 
executed by the New Issuer pursuant to which the New Issuer shall undertake in favour of each 
holder where it is the Issuer of Securities (such term including, for the purposes of this General 
Condition only, Couponholders and Receiptholders) to be bound by the Terms and Conditions 
of the Securities and the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Deed of 
Covenant as fully as if the New Issuer had been named in the Securities and the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Deed of Covenant as the principal debtor in respect of the 
Securities in place of the relevant Issuer, (ii) a deed of guarantee in or substantially in the form 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement shall be executed by the Guarantor pursuant to which the 
Guarantor shall irrevocably and unconditionally guarantee in favour of each Securityholder the 
payment of all sums payable by the New Issuer as such principal debtor and (iii) such other 
documents (if any) (together with the deed poll and the deed of guarantee above, the Documents) 
shall be executed by the New Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) as may be necessary 
to give full effect to the addition; and 
(b) 
each stock exchange or market on which the issues under the Programme are to be listed or 
admitted to trading shall have confirmed that following the proposed addition of the New Issuer, 
Securities to be issued by the New Issuer under the Programme will continue to be eligible for 
admission to trading on the regulated market of such exchange and to be eligible for listing on 
such exchange or market. 
18 
REPRESENTATIONS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS 
EACH SECURITYHOLDER (BEING IN THE CASE OF SECURITIES HELD BY A NOMINEE OR 
HELD IN A CLEARING SYSTEM, THE BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THE SECURITIES), BY 
SUBSCRIBING FOR OR PURCHASING THE SECURITIES OR AN INTEREST IN THE 
SECURITIES, CONFIRMS THAT ALL OF THE FOLLOWING STATEMENTS WITH RESPECT TO 
THAT SECURITYHOLDER ARE TRUE AND CORRECT ON THE DATE OF THE SUBSCRIPTION 
OR PURCHASE OF THE SECURITIES: 
18.1 
In the case of Securities generally: 
(a) 
The Securityholder is solely responsible for making its own independent appraisal of an 
investigation into the relevant Issuer and any other member of the Crédit Agricole CIB group of 
companies (the Group). Except for the publication of the Base Prospectus and any supplements 
thereto, the Securityholder does not and will not rely on the relevant Issuer or any other member

--- Page 330 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
330 
of the Group to provide it with any additional information relating to the relevant Issuer or any 
other member of the Group. 
(b) 
The Securityholder's purchase of the Securities (i) is fully consistent with its financial needs, 
objectives and condition, (ii) complies with all applicable investment policies, guidelines and 
restrictions, and (iii) is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and 
potentially substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Securities. The Securityholder 
has taken sufficient independent professional advice, as appropriate, to make its own evaluation 
of the legality, merits and risks of investment in the Securities. 
(c) 
The Securityholder is not relying on any communication (written or oral) from the relevant Issuer 
or any member of the Group as investment advice or as a recommendation to purchase the 
Securities. 
(d) 
The Securityholder acknowledges that neither the relevant Issuer nor any other member of the 
Group is acting as a fiduciary or adviser or as an agent of the Securityholder in respect of the 
Securities. 
(e) 
The Securityholder's subscription or purchase of the Securities is lawful under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation and the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), and such 
subscription or purchase does not contravene any law or regulation applicable to it. 
(f) 
The Securityholder acknowledges that no communication (written or oral) received from any 
member of the Group shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results 
or performance of the Securities. The Securityholder acknowledges that the amount of nominal 
to be repaid on the Redemption Date may be less than the stated nominal amount of the Securities 
or may even be zero. 
(g) 
The Securityholder acknowledges and agrees that any term sheet with respect to the Securities 
that it received on or prior to the issue date is superseded in its entirety by the Base Prospectus 
together with the applicable Final Terms, which solely constitute the legally binding terms and 
conditions of the Securities. 
(h) 
The Securityholder (except where the Securityholder is acting as dealer appointed under the 
Programme) is purchasing the Securities as principal for its own account and/or for subsequent 
transfer to the account of third parties. 
(i) 
Where a Securityholder is acting as a dealer appointed under the Programme or as a distributor 
of Securities and acquires Securities at a price that is lower than the issue price and/or receives 
a placement fee in relation to a transaction, the dealer or distributor is solely responsible for 
making adequate disclosure to investors as required by applicable law, regulation, rule or best 
market practice. 
(j) 
In connection with any subsequent transfer of the Securities by the Securityholder to any third 
party, the Securityholder agrees that it will: (i) be solely responsible for assessing the suitability 
and appropriateness of the Securities for that third party; (ii) comply with all relevant laws, 
regulations and rules affecting the transfer and have obtained any governmental or other consents 
or approvals required to sell to the third party (including, without limitation any laws, regulations 
and rules that pertain to "know your customer", anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism and 
bribery); (iii) not represent itself to be in a partnership, association, joint venture or acting as 
agent with or for any member of the Group in connection with the transfer; (iv) ensure that any 
transferee receives or is given access to sufficient documentation with respect to the Securities 
prior to any transfer; and (v) conduct any transfer in accordance with any sales restrictions 
specified in the Base Prospectus. 
18.2 
In addition, in the case of Index Linked Securities and Inflation Linked Securities: 
The amounts payable in respect of nominal and/or interest (as the case may be) are determined by a 
formula linked to the level of an Index or Inflation Index. Movements in the level of the Index or Inflation

--- Page 331 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
331 
Index may therefore adversely affect the amount of nominal and/or interest to be repaid to the 
Securityholder and may also adversely affect the market value of the Securities prior to maturity. The 
amount of nominal to be repaid on the Redemption Date may be less than the stated nominal amount of 
the Securities or may even be zero. 
18.3 
In addition, in the case of Credit Linked Securities: 
(a) 
The Securityholder is, and will at all times continue to be, responsible for making its own: 
(i) independent appraisal of an investigation into the business, financial condition, prospects, 
creditworthiness, status and affairs of any Reference Entity or Underlying Obligor (collectively 
referred to as Relevant Entities and each of them, a Relevant Entity); and (ii) its own 
independent appraisal of any obligations of a Relevant Entity that come within the definition of 
"Obligation", "Reference Obligation", "Deliverable Obligation" and "Underlying Obligation" 
(collectively referred to as Relevant Obligations and each of them, a Relevant Obligation). 
(b) 
The Securityholder has not relied, and will not at any time rely, on the relevant Issuer or any 
other member of the Group (i) to provide it with any information relating to, or to keep under 
review on its behalf, the business, financial condition, prospects, creditworthiness, status or 
affairs of any Relevant Entity or conduct any investigation or due diligence with respect to the 
Relevant Entity or any Relevant Obligation or (ii) to determine whether or not a Credit Event or 
an event or circumstance which, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, could 
constitute a Credit Event. 
(c) 
In issuing the Securities, the relevant Issuer is not making, and has not made, any representation 
whatsoever as to any Relevant Entity, any Relevant Obligation on which it is relying or is entitled 
to rely. 
(d) 
The Securityholder acknowledges that the Securities do not represent or convey any interest in 
the Reference Obligation or in any other Relevant Obligations or any direct or indirect obligation 
of any Relevant Entity to the Securityholder and that the relevant Issuer is not an agent of the 
Securityholder for any purpose. 
(e) 
Any member of the Group may (i) deal in any Relevant Obligation; (ii) accept deposits from, 
make loans or otherwise extend credit to, and generally engage in any kind of commercial or 
investment banking or other business with, any Relevant Entity, or its Affiliates or any other 
person or entity having obligations relating to any Relevant Entity or any Relevant Obligation; 
and (iii) act with respect to such business freely and without accountability to the Securityholder 
in the same manner as if the Securities did not exist, regardless of whether any such action might 
have an adverse effect on any Relevant Obligation, any Relevant Entity or the Securities or on 
such Securityholder or otherwise (including, without limitation, any action that might give rise 
to a Credit Event). 
(f) 
Any member of the Group may be, whether by virtue of the types of relationships described 
above or otherwise, at any time, in possession of information in relation to any Relevant 
Obligation or any Relevant Entity which is or may be material in the context of the Securities 
and which is or may not be known to the general public or the Securityholder. The Securities do 
not create any obligation on the part of any member of the Group to disclose to the Securityholder 
any such relationship or information (whether or not confidential) and no member of the Group 
shall be liable to the Securityholder by reason of such non-disclosure. 
(g) 
The Securityholder has decided to enter into an investment in the Securities notwithstanding that 
any member of the Group may hold and/or be contractually prohibited from disclosing to the 
Securityholder, by virtue of any agreement or otherwise, the information described in General 
Condition 18.3(f) above. 
(h) 
Neither the relevant Issuer nor any member of the Group shall have any liability to the 
Securityholder and the Securityholder waives and releases any claims that it might have against 
the relevant Issuer or any member of the Group, whether under applicable securities law or

--- Page 332 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
332 
otherwise, with respect to the non-disclosure of any information described in General Condition 
18.3(f) above in connection with the Securities; provided however that such information does 
not and shall not affect the truth or accuracy of any representation made by the relevant Issuer 
to the Securityholders in any agreement entered into between the relevant Issuer and 
Securityholder(s). 
(i) 
The Securityholder acknowledges that the terms and conditions of the Securities are binding 
upon it, irrespective of the existence or amount of the relevant Issuer's, the Securityholder's or 
any person's credit exposure to any Reference Entity, and the relevant Issuer need not suffer any 
loss or provide evidence of any loss as a result of the occurrence of a Credit Event. 
18.4 
In addition, in the case of Commodity Linked Securities: 
The amounts payable in respect of nominal and/or interest (as the case may be) are determined by a 
formula linked to the value of a commodity. Movements in the value of the commodity may therefore 
adversely affect the amount of nominal and/or interest to be repaid to the Securityholder and may also 
adversely affect the market value of the Securities prior to maturity. The amount of nominal to be repaid 
on the Redemption Date may be less than the stated nominal amount of the Securities or may even be 
zero. 
19 
ILLEGALITY AND FORCE MAJEURE 
This General Condition 19 will apply to the Securities if so specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
19.1 
Notice of Termination 
The relevant Issuer shall have the right to early redeem the Securities at any time, by giving notice to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), if it determines in good faith that: 
(a) 
its performance under the Securities or the Guarantor's performance under the Guarantee has 
become unlawful in whole or in part for any reason; or 
(b) 
its performance under the Securities or the Guarantor's performance under the Guarantee has 
become impracticable or impossible by reason of a Force Majeure Event occurring after the date 
on which the relevant transaction has been concluded (such date being excluded). 
For the purposes of this General Condition 19.1: 
Force Majeure Event means: 
(a) 
if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, any event 
beyond the reasonable control of the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor (as applicable), 
including, without limitation, 
(i) 
any act, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, directive, decree or material legislative 
interference of any Government Authority or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or declaration of war (civil or otherwise), disruption, military action, 
unrest political insurrection, terrorist activity of any kind, riot, protest and/or civil 
commotion; or 
(iii) 
the occurrence of sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, earthquake, meteorological or 
geological catastrophe or other calamity or emergency; or 
(iv) 
any financial, political or economic event(s) (including, without limitation, any change 
in national or international political, legal, tax or regulatory conditions) or any other 
causes or impediments beyond the control of the relevant Issuer and/or (as applicable) 
the Guarantor,

--- Page 333 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
333 
where such event renders impossible the performance of the relevant Issuer's obligations under 
the Securities and/or (if applicable) the Guarantor's obligations under the Guarantee in a way 
that is insurmountable and which is not imputable to the relevant Issuer and, as the case may be, 
the Guarantor; and 
(b) 
otherwise, any event beyond the reasonable control of the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor 
(as applicable), including, without limitation, 
(i) 
any act, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, directive, decree or material legislative 
interference of any Government Authority or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or declaration of war (civil or otherwise), disruption, military action, 
unrest political insurrection, terrorist activity of any kind, riot, protest and/or civil 
commotion; or 
(iii) 
the occurrence of sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, earthquake, meteorological or 
geological catastrophe or other calamity or emergency; or 
(iv) 
any financial, political or economic event(s) (including, without limitation, any change 
in national or international political, legal, tax or regulatory conditions) or any other 
causes or impediments beyond the control of the relevant Issuer and/or (as applicable) 
the Guarantor, 
where such event (i) prevents, restricts, delays or otherwise materially hinders the performance 
of the relevant Issuer's obligations under the Securities and/or (if applicable) the Guarantor's 
obligations under the Guarantee and/or (ii) to a material extent prevents or restricts settlement of 
transactions in the Securities in the market or otherwise. 
Government Authority means any nation, state or government, any province or other political 
subdivision thereof, any body, agency or ministry, any taxing, monetary, foreign exchange or other 
authority, court, tribunal or other instrumentality and any other entity exercising, executive, legislative, 
judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government. 
19.2 
Payment 
Upon the termination of the Securities as aforesaid, the relevant Issuer will, in respect of each Security, 
cause to be paid to the Securityholder the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payment will be made 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices). 
20 
COVENANT TO DISCLOSE INFORMATION 
Each Securityholder (being in the case of Securities held by a nominee or held in a clearing system, the 
beneficial owner of the Securities), by subscribing or purchasing the Securities or an interest in the 
Securities: 
(a) 
agrees to provide to the Issuer (or agents acting on its behalf) all information and documentation 
available to it that is reasonably requested by the Issuer (or agents acting on its behalf) in 
connection with legal, tax or regulatory matters, including any information that is necessary or 
advisable in order for the Issuer to comply with legal, tax and regulatory requirements applicable 
to the Issuer from time to time; 
(b) 
agrees to provide to the Issuer (or agents acting on its behalf) all information and documentation 
available to it that is reasonably requested by the Issuer (or agents acting on its behalf) to verify 
the Securityholder's identity and the source of the payment used by such Securityholder or its 
subsequent transferee when purchasing Securities; and 
(c) 
agrees that the Issuer (or agents acting on its behalf) may, subject to any applicable banking 
secrecy laws and relevant confidentiality provisions (1) provide such information and

--- Page 334 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
334 
documentation and any other information concerning its investment in the Securities to any 
relevant governmental, banking, taxation or other regulatory authority and (2) take such other 
steps as they deem necessary or helpful (in all cases, in the sole discretion of the Issuer or its 
respective agents) to comply with any applicable law or regulation. 
21 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
If "English Law" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, no rights are conferred 
on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of the Securities, 
but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person, which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
22 
SEVERABILITY 
Should any of the provisions contained in these Terms and Conditions be or become invalid, the validity 
of the remaining provisions shall not be affected in any way. 
23 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
23.1 
Governing law 
If "English Law" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Securities, the 
Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of England. If "Irish Law" 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons 
and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Ireland. If "French Law" is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons and 
the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of France.  In all cases, the provisions of Articles 
470-1 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg law dated 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended, 
are excluded. No Securityholder may initiate any action on the basis of article 470-21 of the Luxembourg 
law dated 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended. 
Notwithstanding the above:  
(a) 
The registration and transfer of Finnish Securities in Euroclear Finland's system for the 
registration of financial instruments shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, Finnish law. 
(b) 
The registration and transfer of the Swedish Securities in Euroclear Sweden's system for the 
registration of financial instruments shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, Swedish law. 
23.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
If "English Law" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the parties agree 
that the courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of 
or in connection with the Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons and/or the Talons (including a 
dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons and/or the Talons) and that, accordingly, any suit, action 
or proceedings (together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the 
Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons and/or the Talons (including any Proceedings relating to 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Securities, the Receipts, 
the Coupons and/or the Talons) shall be brought in such courts. 
The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and waive any 
objection which they (or any of them) may have now or hereafter to the laying of the venue of 
any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have been 
brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agree that a judgment in any

--- Page 335 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
335 
such Proceedings brought in the English courts shall be conclusive and binding upon them (or 
any of them) and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
(b) 
If "Irish Law" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the parties agree 
that the courts of the Republic of Ireland are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which 
may arise out of or in connection with the Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons and/or the Talons 
(including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons and/or the Talons). 
The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of Ireland 
and waive any objection which they (or any of them) may have now or hereafter to the laying of 
the venue of any Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have 
been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agree that a judgment in 
any such Proceedings brought in the courts of the Republic of Ireland shall be conclusive and 
binding upon them (or any of them) and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
(c) 
If "French Law" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the parties agree 
that the jurisdiction of the Cour d'Appel of Paris are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with the Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons and/or 
the Talons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons and/or the Talons).  
The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the Cour d'Appel of Paris and waive 
any objection which they (or any of them) may have now or hereafter to the laying of the venue 
of any Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have been brought 
in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agree that a judgment in any such 
Proceedings brought in the courts of the Republic of Ireland shall be conclusive and binding 
upon them (or any of them) and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the provisions of this General Condition 23.2 are without prejudice to the 
rights of the parties pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 (the Brussels Recast 
Regulation) and their effect does not restrict the competence of the courts which are competent 
pursuant to the Brussels Recast Regulation. 
23.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
If "English Law" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms in respect of a Series of Securities, 
each of the relevant Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor appoints Crédit Agricole CIB, London 
branch at its office for the time being in England at Broadwalk House, 5 Appold Street, London EC2A 
2DA as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings relating to such 
Securities, and undertakes that, in the event of Crédit Agricole CIB, London branch ceasing so to act or 
ceasing to have an office in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in 
England in respect of any Proceedings relating to such Securities. 
If "Irish Law" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms in respect of a Series of Securities, each 
of the relevant Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor appoints the entity specified as its "Irish 
Process Agent" in the applicable Final Terms as its agent for service of process in the Republic of Ireland 
in respect of any Proceedings relating to such Securities. 
Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
23.4 
The Guarantee and other documents 
If "English Law" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in each of the Agency 
Agreement, the English Guarantee, the applicable Deed Poll and the English Law Deed of Covenant, the 
relevant Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor have submitted to the jurisdiction of the English 
courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above. 
If "Irish Law" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in each of the Agency 
Agreement, the Irish Guarantee and the Irish Law Deed of Covenant, the relevant Issuer and, where

--- Page 336 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
336 
applicable, the Guarantor have submitted to the jurisdiction of the Irish courts and appointed an agent for 
service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above. 
If "French Law" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms in the Agency Agreement, 
the relevant Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor have submitted to the jurisdiction of the French 
courts. 
24 
BAIL-IN 
24.1 
Acknowledgement 
Notwithstanding any other term of a given Series of Securities or any other agreement, arrangement or 
understanding between Crédit Agricole CIB and the holders of any Security, by its acquisition of any of 
Security, each Securityholder (which for the purposes of this Condition 24 includes each holder of a 
beneficial interest in any Security) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees: 
(a) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-In Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, which may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on a permanent basis; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or 
other obligations of Crédit Agricole CIB or another person (and the issue to the holder 
of the Securities of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an 
amendment, modification or variation of the terms of such Securities, in which case the 
holder of such Securities agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under such Securities any 
such shares, other securities or other obligations of Crédit Agricole CIB or another 
person; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Securities; 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Securities or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Securities, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
that the terms of the Securities are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, 
the exercise of the Bail-In Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
For purposes of this Condition 24: 
Amounts Due means any amount payable under the Securities in accordance with the applicable Terms 
and Conditions. 
Bail-In Powers means any power existing from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or 
requirements in effect in France, relating to the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms (as amended from time to time, BRRD), including without 
limitation pursuant to French decree-law No. 2015-1024 dated 20 August 2015 (Ordonnance portant 
diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union européenne en matière financière) 
(as amended from time to time, the 20 August 2015 Decree Law), Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform 
procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a 
Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 
1093/2010 (as amended from time to time, Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation), or otherwise 
arising under French law, and in each case the instructions, rules and standards created thereunder, 
pursuant to which the obligations of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be 
reduced (in part or in whole), cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified in any way, 
or securities of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be converted into shares, 
other securities, or other obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other person, whether in connection

--- Page 337 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
337 
with the implementation of the bail-in tool following placement in resolution or of write-down or 
conversion powers before a resolution proceeding is initiated or without a resolution proceeding, or 
otherwise. 
Regulated Entity means any entity referred to in Section I of Article L.613-34 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier as modified by the 20 August 2015 Decree Law, which includes certain credit 
institutions, investment firms, and certain of their parent or holding companies established in France. 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de resolution (the ACPR), 
the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, and/or 
any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Bail-In Powers from time to 
time (including the Council of the European Union and the European Commission when acting pursuant 
to Article 18 of the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation). 
24.2 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the exercise 
of the Bail-In Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to Crédit Agricole CIB unless, 
at the time such repayment or payment, respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or 
payment would be permitted to be made by Crédit Agricole CIB under the laws and regulations in effect 
in France and the European Union applicable to Crédit Agricole CIB or other members of the Crédit 
Agricole Group. 
24.3 
No Event of Default 
Neither a cancellation of the Securities, a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion 
thereof into another security or obligation of Crédit Agricole CIB or another person, as a result of the 
exercise of the Bail-In Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to Crédit Agricole CIB, 
nor the exercise of the Bail-In Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Securities 
will be an event of default or otherwise constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle 
the holder of such Securities to any remedies (including equitable remedies) which are hereby expressly 
waived. 
24.4 
Notice to Securityholders 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-In Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the 
Securities, Crédit Agricole CIB will make available a written notice to the holders of such Securities in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-In 
Powers.  Crédit Agricole CIB will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Principal Paying Agent for 
informational purposes, although the Principal Paying Agent shall not be required to send such notice to 
the holders of such Securities. Any delay or failure by Crédit Agricole CIB to give notice shall not affect 
the validity and enforceability of the Bail-In Powers nor the effects on the Securities described in 
Condition 24.1 above. 
24.5 
Duties of the Agents 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-In Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, (a) the Agents shall not 
be required to take any directions from Securityholders, and (b) the Agency Agreement shall impose no 
duties upon any of the Agents whatsoever, in each case with respect to the exercise of any Bail-In Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following the completion of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, any Securities remain outstanding (for example, if the exercise of the 
Bail-In Power results in only a partial write-down of the principal of the Securities), then the Agents' 
duties under the Agency Agreement shall remain applicable with respect to the Securities following such 
completion to the extent that Crédit Agricole CIB and the Agents shall agree pursuant to an amendment 
to the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 338 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
338 
24.6 
Proration 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-In Powers with respect to less than the total 
Amounts Due, unless any of the Agents is otherwise instructed by Crédit Agricole CIB or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the relevant Series of 
Securities pursuant to the Bail-In Powers will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
24.7 
Conditions Exhaustive 
The matters set forth in this Condition 24 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion of 
any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between Crédit Agricole CIB and any holder of 
Securities. 
25 
DEFINITIONS 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these General Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and 
Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to 
them in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 339 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
339 
DEFINITIONS CONDITIONS 
This section sets out certain definitions that apply to all Securities. 
The following is the definitions conditions (the Definitions Conditions) that applies to all Securities together with 
the General Conditions, as completed in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Final Terms and any 
applicable Additional Conditions specified to be applicable in such Final Terms. 
Where any Additional Conditions are specified in the applicable Final Terms for any Securities, the Definitions 
Conditions shall be subject to the provisions contained in such Additional Conditions to the extent it relates to the 
content of such Additional Conditions and will not apply to the extent they are inconsistent with the provisions of 
such Additional Conditions. In all cases, these General Conditions, the Definitions Conditions and the provisions 
of such Additional Conditions shall be subject to the applicable Final Terms, and will not apply to the extent they 
are inconsistent with the provisions of such Final Terms. 
For the purposes of the Terms and Conditions, (unless otherwise specified), the following general definitions will 
apply. 
Absolute Value means, in respect of a number, its non-negative value without regard to its sign. For 
example, the Absolute Value of -10 is 10. 
Act(d-1,d) means the number of calendar days within the period starting from the Scheduled Trading 
Day preceding the Daily Observation Dated (excluded) and ending on the Daily Observation Dated 
(included). 
Additional Conditions means the Asset Conditions, the Credit Linked Conditions, the Bond Linked 
Conditions, the Alternative Currency Conditions, the Standard Payoff Conditions, the Combination 
Payoff Conditions, the Payoff Feature Conditions, the Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the 
Redemption Method Conditions, the Secured Security Conditions and the Preference Share Linked 
Conditions. 
Additional Business Centre means, in respect of such day(s) or date(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Additional Financial Centre means the relevant financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Additional Relevant Rate Benchmark means the rate index, benchmark or other price source specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Administrator Bankruptcy means, with respect to an administrator of a Relevant Benchmark, the 
occurrence of one of the following events: 
(a) 
such administrator is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
such administrator becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing 
its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
(c) 
such administrator makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors; 
(d) 
such administrator: 
(i) 
institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official 
with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home 
office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief 
under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights,

--- Page 340 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
340 
or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, 
supervisor or similar official; or 
(ii) 
has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy 
or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such 
proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in 
clause (i) above and either (A) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the 
entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation 
or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 15 days of 
the institution or presentation thereof; 
(e) 
such administrator has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
such administrator seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets; 
(g) 
such administrator has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has 
a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on 
or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any 
such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 15 days 
thereafter; 
(h) 
such administrator causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable 
laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (a) to 
(g) above (inclusive); or 
(i) 
such administrator takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or 
acquiescence in, any of the foregoing acts. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event means (a) the determination by the Calculation Agent, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, and based on Benchmark Publicly Available Information that any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any 
official register in respect of the Relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant 
Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or 
withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect 
that the relevant Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor or any other entity is not, or will not be, 
permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the Relevant Benchmark to perform its or their 
respective obligations under or in respect of the Securities, and (b) the notification of such determination 
to the relevant Issuer.  
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date means, in respect of a Series of Securities and an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the date on which the authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register is: 
(a) 
required under any applicable law or regulation; or 
(b) 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn, if the applicable law or regulation provides that the 
Relevant Benchmark is not permitted to be used for the Securities following rejection, refusal, 
suspension or withdrawal, 
or, in each case, if such date occurs before the Trade Date (or if there is no Trade Date specified in the 
Final Terms, the Issue Date), the Trade Date (or the Issue Date, as the case may be). 
Affiliate means in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by 
the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or

--- Page 341 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
341 
indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes control means ownership of a 
majority of the voting power of an entity. 
Agency Agreement has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Agent(s) has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount means the aggregate nominal amount specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Alternative Currency Securities means any Securities except for those in respect of which Alternative 
Currency Equivalent is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be "Not Applicable". 
Applicable Formula(Underlyingx, Underlyingy), in respect of one Underlying (defined as 
"Underlyingx") and/or a second Underlying (defined as "Underlyingy"), means Formula 1(Underlyingx, 
Underlyingy), Formula 2(Underlyingx, Underlyingy), Formula 3(Underlyingx, Underlyingy), or Formula 
4(Underlyingx), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case where such formula is applied in 
respect of such first Underlying, Underlyingx, and/or second Underlying, Underlyingy, as applicable. 
Asset Conditions means with respect to: 
(a) 
Commodity Linked Securities, the additional conditions set out in in Chapter 1: Asset 
Conditions: Commodity Linked Asset Conditions (Commodity Linked Asset Conditions) of 
Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); 
(b) 
Index Linked Securities, the additional conditions set out in Chapter 2 (Index Linked Asset 
Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); 
(c) 
FX Linked Securities, the additional conditions set out in Chapter 3 (FX Linked Asset 
Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); 
(d) 
Inflation Linked Securities, the additional conditions set out in Chapter 4 (Inflation Linked Asset 
Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); 
(e) 
Rate Linked Securities, the additional conditions set out in Chapter 5 (Rate Linked Asset 
Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); 
(f) 
ETF Linked Securities, the additional conditions set out in Chapter 6 (ETF Linked Asset 
Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); 
(g) 
Share Linked Securities, the additional conditions set out in Chapter 7 (Share Linked Asset 
Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); 
(h) 
Fund Linked Securities, the additional conditions set out in Chapter 8 (Fund Linked Asset 
Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions);  
(i) 
Future Linked Securities, the additional conditions set out in Chapter 9 (Future Linked Asset 
Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); and 
(j) 
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Securities, the additional conditions set out in Chapter 10 (Multi-
Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions) and each other chapter of 
Annex 1 (Asset Conditions) relating to each underlying by reference to which interest, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Instalment Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption Amount (as 
the case may be) are calculated. 
Asset Transfer Notice means a completed Asset Transfer Notice substantially in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement. 
Barrier Level 1, Barrier Level 2 each means the number, the percentage or a percentage of the Initial 
Underlying Value(i), as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 342 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
342 
Base Prospectus means the Base Prospectus dated 7 May 2021 approved by the CSSF on 7 May 2021. 
Basket Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
BasketTRd means one of the following options (with BasketTR0 = 1): 
(a) 
if "Option 1: Share Reinvestment" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑇𝑅𝑑= ∑
1
𝑁× 𝑆ℎ𝑎𝑟𝑒𝑇𝑅0
𝑖× 𝐹𝑋0
𝑖×
𝑁
𝑖=1
𝑆ℎ𝑎𝑟𝑒𝑇𝑅𝑑
𝑖× 𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖 
(b) 
if "Option 2: Basket Reinvestment" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑇𝑅𝑑= ∑𝑛𝑑
𝑖×
𝑁
𝑖=1
𝑆ℎ𝑎𝑟𝑒𝑑
𝑖× 𝐹𝑋𝑑
𝑖   
Bearer Global Securities means a Temporary Bearer Global Security or a Permanent Bearer Global 
Security. 
Bearer Securities has the meaning set out in General Condition 1 (Form, Denomination, Title, Transfer). 
Benchmark Publicly Available Information means, in respect of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, 
one or both of the following: 
(a) 
information received from or published by (i) the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant 
Benchmark or (ii) any national, regional or other supervisory or regulatory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark or regulating 
the Relevant Benchmark, provided that where any information of the type described in sub-
paragraphs (i) or (ii) above is not publicly available, it can only constitute Benchmark Publicly 
Available Information if it can be made public without violating any law, regulation, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information; or 
(b) 
information published in a Specified Public Source (regardless of whether the reader or user 
thereof pays a fee to obtain such information). 
In relation to any information of the type described in sub-paragraph (a) above, the Calculation Agent 
may assume that such information has been disclosed to it or its Affiliates without violating any law, 
regulation, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information 
and that the party delivering such information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or 
understanding with the administrator or sponsor or any relevant national, regional or other supervisory or 
regulatory authority that would be breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to 
the Calculation Agent or its Affiliates. 
Benchmark Rate has the meaning set out in Chapter 5 (Rate Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset 
Conditions). 
Benchmark Trigger Event means an Index Cessation Event or an Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
Bloomberg Screen means the display page so designated on the Bloomberg service. 
Bond Linked Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Broken Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Business Day means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
any applicable Additional Business Centre; and

--- Page 343 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
343 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro or CNY, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than any 
Additional Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable 
in euro, a day on which Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open (TARGET2 Settlement Day) 
or (iii) in relation to any sum payable in CNY a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the CNY Settlement Centre(s). 
Business Day Convention means that if any date referred to in the Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day which 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(a) 
the "Floating Rate Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) after the foregoing 
paragraph (i) shall have applied, each subsequent date shall be the last Business Day of the month 
in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment; or 
(b) 
the "Following Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day; or 
(c) 
the "Modified Following Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(d) 
the "Preceding Business Day Convention", such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day, 
provided that if neither "Floating Rate Convention" nor "Following Business Day Convention" nor 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" nor "Preceding Payment Business Day Convention" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, "Following Business Day Convention" shall be deemed to apply. 
If "Interest Accrual Periods will be adjusted" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) any Interest 
Payment Date otherwise falling on a day which is not a Business Day will be postponed or brought 
forward (as applicable) in accordance with the specified Business Day Convention (as described above), 
(b) the Interest Accrual Period ending on the Interest Period Date immediately preceding, or falling on, 
such Interest Payment Date will be adjusted accordingly and (c) the amount of interest payable on such 
Interest Payment Date will be adjusted accordingly. 
If "Interest Accrual Periods will be unadjusted" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, any Interest 
Payment Date otherwise falling on a day which is not a Business Day will be postponed or brought 
forward (as applicable) in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention and there will be no 
corresponding adjustment to any Interest Accrual Period or to the amount of interest payable on that or 
any other Interest Payment Date. 
C ("Cap"), C1, C2, C3, C4, C5 and C6 each means the number or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Calculation Agency Agreement in relation to any Series of Securities means an agreement entered into 
by, inter alia, the relevant Issuer and the Calculation Agent in or substantially in the form of Schedule 1 
to the Agency Agreement. 
Calculation Agent means Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 344 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
344 
Calculation Amount means the calculation amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Calculation Amount Factor means a number equal to the Specified Denomination divided by the 
Calculation Amount. 
Cap means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified 
as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be infinity. 
CB ("Conditional Barrier") means the number, the percentage or a percentage of the Initial Underlying 
Value(i), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Certificates means any certificates issued by any of the Issuers under the Programme. 
Certificateholder has the meaning set out in General Condition 1.2 (Title). 
CIB ("Combination Interest Barrier"), CIB1, CIB2, CIB3, CIB4, CIB5 and CIB6 each means the 
number, the percentage or a percentage of the Initial Underlying Value(i), as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg has the meaning set out in General Condition 1.2 (Title). 
CNY means the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China, which for the purpose of the Terms 
and Conditions, excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of 
China, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan. 
CNY Securities means Alternative Currency Securities (a) denominated in CNY or (b) in relation to 
which the Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature or the Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature is 
specified to apply and CNY is specified as the Interest Currency or the Redemption Currency, as the case 
may be. 
CNY Settlement Centre(s) means the centres specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Combination Interest Payoff means any Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with the 
relevant chapter of Part A of the Combination Payoff Conditions. 
Combination Payoff Conditions means the terms and conditions in Annex 6 (Combination Payoff 
Conditions). 
Combination Redemption Payoff has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions). 
Commodity has the meaning set out in Chapter 1 (Commodity Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 
(Asset Conditions). 
Commodity Linked Interest Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of which interest is calculated by reference to the price of one or more Commodities. 
Commodity Linked Redemption Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of which the Early Redemption Amount, the Instalment Redemption Amount or the 
Final Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is calculated by reference to the price of one or more 
Commodities. 
Commodity Linked Security means a Commodity Linked Interest Security or Commodity Linked 
Redemption Security, as applicable. 
Commodity Reference Price has the meaning set out in Chapter 1 (Commodity Linked Asset Conditions) 
of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
Conditional Barrier: if Conditional Barrier is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of a Barrier (Combination Interest Barrier, Combination Redemption Barrier, ERB, Interest 
Barrier, Final Redemption Barrier, Knock-out Barrier) such Barrier will be equal to:

--- Page 345 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
345 
a) If the Performance_CB is [higher than CB] [higher than or equal to CB] [lower than CB] [lower 
than or equal to CB] [within Range] [outside Range] either (A) on [the] [each] [at least one previous] 
[each previous] Conditional Barrier Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading 
Day] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day] [at all times] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the 
Conditional Barrier Period, the Barrier Level 1; 
b)  Otherwise, the Barrier Level 2. 
Conditional Barrier Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, and such date 
is deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Conditional Barrier Period means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Conditions means the Terms and Conditions as completed in the applicable Final Terms. 
Couponholder(s) has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Coupon(s) has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
CRB ("Combination Redemption Barrier"), CRB1, CRB2, CRB3, CRB4, CRB5 and CRB6 each 
means the number, the percentage or a percentage of the Initial Underlying Value(i), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Crédit Agricole CIB means Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank. 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL means Crédit Agricole CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A. 
Crédit Agricole CIB FS means Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions. 
Credit Event has the meaning set out in Annex 2 (Credit Linked Conditions). 
Credit Linked Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Cut-Off Date has the meaning set out in Chapter 5 (Rate Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset 
Conditions). 
d means an integer number corresponding to the relevant Daily Observation Dated, specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms, d-1 means an integer number corresponding to the Scheduled Trading Day 
preceding the relevant Daily Observation Dated (and so on). 
Daily Observation Dated means each Scheduled Trading Day between the Initial Observation Date 
(excluded) and the relevant Observation Date t (included), each such date is deemed to be an "Observation 
Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
General Condition 4 (Interest): 
(a) 
if "1/1" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 1; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities where the number of days in the Interest Accrual Period is equal 
to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Interest Accrual Period 
ends, the number of days in such Interest Accrual Period divided by the product of (A) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (B) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one (1) calendar 
year; or

--- Page 346 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
346 
(ii) 
in the case of Securities where the Interest Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Interest Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Interest Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Interest Accrual Period begins divided by the product of 
(I) the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would 
occur in one (1) calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Interest Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one (1) calendar year; 
(c) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Accrual Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Accrual Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Accrual Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Accrual Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(d) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Accrual Period divided by 365; 
(e) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Accrual Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling 
in a leap year, 366; 
(f) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Accrual Period divided by 360; 
(g) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Accrual Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Accrual Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Accrual Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(h) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Accrual Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 347 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
347 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Accrual Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30, and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Accrual Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; or 
(i) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Accrual Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number of the Interest Accrual Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Accrual Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Redemption 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31 and D2 will be 30. 
If the Day Count Fraction is specified in the applicable Final Terms as "Not Applicable", it will be deemed 
 to be equal to 1. 
Dealer means any one of Crédit Agricole CIB or Crédit Agricole Securities Asia B.V., Tokyo Branch 
and any additional dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by any Issuer. 
Decrement means the number or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Deed of Covenant has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions and 
refers to the English Law Deed of Covenant and the Irish Law Deed of Covenant, as applicable.

--- Page 348 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
348 
Deed Poll means one of the deed polls entered into by each Issuer on 7 May 2021. 
Definitive Bearer Security(ies) means a definitive Security in bearer form. 
Definitive Security(ies) means a definitive in bearer or registered form. 
Definitive Registered Security(ies) means a definitive Security in registered form. 
Delivery Agent means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such entity is 
specified, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank. 
Dematerialised Security(ies) has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and 
Conditions. 
Designated Account has the meaning set out in General Condition 5.4 (Payments in respect of Registered 
Securities). 
Designated Bank has the meaning set out in General Condition 5.4 (Payments in respect of Registered 
Securities). 
Designated Maturity has the meaning set out in General Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate 
Securities). 
Determination Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Determination Period means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date). 
Distribution Compliance Period means the period ending 40 days after the later of the commencement 
of the offering of the U.S. Securities and the Issue Date. 
DivAmountd means the result of the following formula: 
(a) 
if "Option 2: Share" is specified as being in respect of the Total Return Performance(d-1,d) 
definition: 
𝐷𝑖𝑣𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡𝑑= 𝐷𝑖𝑣𝐺𝑟𝑜𝑠𝑠𝑑× (1 −𝑊𝑖𝑡ℎℎ𝑜𝑙𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑑) 
(b) 
if "Option 3: Basket of Shares" is specified as being applicable in respect of the Total Return 
Performance(d-1,d) definition and if "Option 2: Basket Reinvestment" is specified as being 
applicable in respect of the nid definition: 
𝐷𝑖𝑣𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡𝑑= ∑𝑛𝑑−1
𝑖
× 𝐷𝑖𝑣𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡𝑑
𝑖× 𝐹𝑋𝑑−1
𝑖
𝑁
𝑖=1
 
DivAmountid means the result of the following formula: 
𝐷𝑖𝑣𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡𝑑
𝑖= 𝐷𝑖𝑣𝐺𝑟𝑜𝑠𝑠𝑑
𝑖× (1 −𝑊𝑖𝑡ℎℎ𝑜𝑙𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑑
𝑖) 
DivGrossd means the amount of the gross dividend paid by the Share on the relevant Daily Observation 
Dated and expressed in the currency of the Share. 
DivGrossid means the amount of the gross dividend paid by the Share i on the relevant Daily Observation 
Dated and expressed in the currency of the Share i.  
Documents has the meaning set out in General Condition 17.1 (Conditions Precedent to Substitution). 
DTC means the Depository Trust Company.

--- Page 349 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
349 
Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature has the meaning set out in Part A, Chapter  (Dual Currency 
(Interest) Payoff Feature Conditions) of Annex 7 (Payoff Feature Conditions). 
Dual Currency Securities means securities which specify Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature or 
Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature has the meaning set out in Part B, Chapter 3 (Dual 
Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature Conditions) of Annex 7 (Payoff Feature Conditions). 
Early Redemption Amount has the meaning set out in Annex 8 (Early Redemption Trigger Conditions) 
or, in respect of Preference Share Linked Securities, the meaning set out in Annex 11 (Preference Share 
Linked Conditions). 
ERB ("Early Redemption Barrier") each means the number, the percentage or a percentage of the 
Initial Underlying Value(i), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Early Redemption Date has the meaning set out in the applicable Early Redemption Trigger Condition. 
Early Redemption Payoff Conditions means the terms and conditions in Annex 8 (Early Redemption 
Trigger Conditions). 
Early Redemption Trigger Event means any early redemption trigger event set out in any chapter of 
Annex 8 (Early Redemption Trigger Conditions) and specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
English Guarantee has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and Conditions. 
English Law Deed of Covenant has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and 
Conditions. 
English Law Securities means Securities of a Series for which the governing law is specified as "English 
Law" in the applicable Final Terms. 
Established Rate means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including compliance 
with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Union regulations) into euro 
established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to article 140 of the Treaty. 
ETF has the meaning set out in Chapter 6 (ETF Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
ETF Linked Interest Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of which interest is calculated by reference to the price of one or more ETFs. 
ETF Linked Redemption Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of which the Early Redemption Amount, the Instalment Redemption Amount or the Final 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is calculated by reference to the price of one or more ETFs. 
ETF Linked Security means an ETF Linked Interest Security or ETF Linked Redemption Security, as 
applicable. 
ETF Price has the meaning set out in Chapter 6 (ETF Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset 
Conditions). 
Euro means the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with article 3, paragraph 4 of the EU Treaty. 
Euroclear has the meaning set out in General Condition 1.2 (Title). 
EU Treaty means the Treaty on European Union, as amended. 
Event of Default means the events set out in General Condition 10 (Events of Default).

--- Page 350 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
350 
Exchange Agent has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Exchange Notice has the meaning set out in General Condition 3 (Redenomination). 
Exempt Offer means an offer (i) made other than pursuant to Article 3(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
outside the European Economic Area or of a type listed in Articles 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation and (ii) for which the Securities are not admitted to trading on a regulated market pursuant to 
Article 3(3) of the Prospectus Regulation or of a type listed in Article 1(5). 
Exempt Securities means Securities offered through an Exempt Offer. 
Expiry Date (Data di Scadenza) means, in respect of Italian Listed Certificates, the Renouncement 
Notice Cut-off Time, being the time at which such Certificates shall be deemed to expire for the purposes 
of Borsa Italiana S.p.A.. 
Extraordinary Resolution has the meaning set out in paragraph 20 of Schedule 5 to the Agency 
Agreement. 
F ("Floor"), F1, F2, F3, F4, F5 and F6 each means the number or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 6.8 
(Redemption Amounts). 
Final Redemption Amount has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions). 
Final Terms means the final terms applicable to the relevant Securities substantially in the form set out 
in the Base Prospectus. 
Finnish CSD has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Finnish CSD Rules has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Finnish Issuing Agent means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Finnish Securities has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Fitch Ratings means Fitch Ratings Ltd. 
Fixed Coupon Amount means each amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Percentage, Fixed Percentage1, Fixed Percentage2, Fixed Percentage3, Fixed Percentage4, 
Fixed Percentage5 and Fixed Percentage6 each means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate, Fixed Rate1, Fixed Rate2, Fixed Rate3, Fixed Rate4, Fixed Rate5 and Fixed Rate6 each 
means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate (n) means the rate specified for each "n" in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate has the meaning set out in General Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities). 
Floating Rate Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Option has the meaning set out in General Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate 
Securities). 
Floor means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is 
specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be minus infinity.

--- Page 351 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
351 
Force Majeure Event means the events set out in General Condition 19.1 (Notice of Termination). 
Formula 1(Underlyingx, Underlyingy) means, on any day (the Relevant Day), the result of the following 
formula applied in respect of one Benchmark Rate (being Underlyingx) and a second Benchmark Rate 
(being Underlyingy) as calculated in respect of such day: 
Levelx×Underlying Valuex-Levely×Underlying Valuey
Levelx-Levely
 
where: 
Levelx means (i) if Underlying Valuex is equal to zero, x, and (ii) if the Underlying Valuex is not 
equal to zero, the result of the following formula: 
Max [(1.25 × Levely), (
1-(1+ Underlying Valuex)
-x
Underlying Valuex
)] 
Levely means (i) if Underlying Valuey is equal to zero, y, and (ii) if the Underlying Valuey is not 
equal to zero, the result of the following formula: 
1- (1+ Underlying Valuey)
-y
Underlying Valuey
 
Underlying Valuex means the Underlying Value of Underlyingx; 
Underlying Valuey means the Underlying Value of Underlyingy; 
x means the Designated Maturity specified in the applicable Final Terms for the Benchmark Rate 
represented by Underlyingx in relation to the Interest Accrual Period during which the Relevant 
Day falls; and 
y means the Designated Maturity specified in the applicable Final Terms for the Benchmark Rate 
represented by Underlyingy in relation to the Interest Accrual Period during which the Relevant 
Day falls. 
Formula 2(Underlyingx, Underlyingy) means, on any day (the Relevant Day), the result of the following 
formula applied in respect of one Underlying (being Underlyingx) and a second Underlying (being 
Underlyingy) as calculated in respect of such day: 
(1+(1+Underlying Valueα)
a)×Underlying Valuex- (1+Underlying Valueβ)
b
×Underlying Valuey 
where: 
a means the number as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
b means the number as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Underlying Valuex means the Underlying Value of Underlyingx; 
Underlying Valuey means the Underlying Value of Underlyingy; 
Underlying Valueα means the Underlying Value of Underlyingα; 
Underlying Valueβ means the Underlying Value of Underlyingβ; 
Underlyingα means the Underlying specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
Underlyingβ means the Underlying specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 352 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
352 
Formula 3(Underlyinga, Underlyingb) means, on any day (the Relevant Day), the result of the 
following formula applied in respect of one Underlying (being Underlyingx) and a second Underlying 
(being Underlyingy) as calculated in respect of such day: 
(1+Underlying Valueα)a×Underlying Valuex-(1+Underlying Valueβ)
b×Underlying Valuey 
where: 
a means the number as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
b means the number as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Underlying Valuex means the Underlying Value of Underlyingx; 
Underlying Valuey means the Underlying Value of Underlyingy; 
Underlying Valueα means the Underlying Value of Underlyingα; 
Underlying Valueβ means the Underlying Value of Underlyingβ; 
Underlyingα means the Underlying specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
Underlyingβ means the Underlying specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Formula 4(Underlyingx) means, in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the result of the 
following formula applied in respect of the Underlying: 
Delta Level x Delta Underlying Value 
where: 
Capx means the level specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Delta Level = Level i – Level i-1 
Delta Underlying Value = Underlying Value i-1 – Underlying Value i 
Floorx  means the level specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Level i means (i) if Underlying Value i is equal to zero, x, and (ii) if the Underlying Value i is 
not equal to zero, the result of the following formula: 
1 − (1 + 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖)
−𝑥
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
 
Level i-1 means (i) if Underlying Value i-1 is equal to zero, x, and (ii) if the Underlying Value i-1 
is not equal to zero, the result of the following formula: 
1 − (1 + 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖−1)−𝑥
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖−1
  
Observation Date i means a date specified in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period or 
the number of Business Days before the Interest Payment Date for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Observation Date i-1 means a date specified in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period or 
the number of Business Days before the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 353 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
353 
Underlying Value i  means Underlying Value x observed on Observation Date I  subject to a 
minimum equal to Floorx and a maximum equal to Capx. 
Underlying Value i-1 means Underlying Value x observed on Observation Date i-1 subject to a 
minimum equal to Floorx and a maximum equal to Capx. 
Underlying Value x means the Underlying Value of Underlying x. 
x means the Designated Maturity specified in the applicable Final Terms for the Benchmark Rate 
represented by Underlyingx. 
Fractional Underlying Amount means the Fractional Share Amount or the Fractional ETF Unit Amount, 
depending on the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Fractional Underlying means the Fractional Share or the Fractional ETF Unit, depending on the relevant 
Asset Conditions. 
FRB ("Final Redemption Barrier"), FRB1, FRB2, FRB3, FRB4, FRB5 and FRB6 each means the 
number, the percentage or a percentage of the Initial Underlying Value(i), as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
French Guarantee has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and Conditions. 
French Law Securities means Securities of a Series for which the governing law is specified as "French 
Law" in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fund Interest has the meaning set out in Chapter 8 (Fund Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset 
Conditions). 
Fund Linked Interest Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of which interest is calculated by reference to the price of one or more Fund Interests. 
Fund Linked Redemption Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of which the Early Redemption Amount, the Instalment Redemption Amount or the Final 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is calculated by reference to the price of one or more Fund 
Interests. 
Fund Linked Security means a Fund Linked Interest Security or Fund Linked Redemption Security, as 
applicable. 
Fund Price has the meaning set out in Chapter 7 (Fund Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset 
Conditions). 
FXid means the foreign exchange rate on the Daily Observation Dated to convert the currency of the Share 
i into the Basket Currency. 
Future has the meaning set out in Chapter 9 (Future Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset 
Conditions). 
Future Price means, in respect of a Future and a given Scheduled Trading Day, the Daily Settlement 
Price of such Future on the relevant Exchange during a trading session on that Scheduled Trading Day, 
as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Future Linked Asset Condition 3 (Events relating 
to Future Linked Securities) set out in Chapter 9 (Future Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset 
Conditions) or, if Roll Adjustment is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Daily 
Settlement Price multiplied by the Quantity Factor as determined by the Calculation Agent, unless in 
either case, the Calculation Agent determines that in accordance with market conventions, such method 
of determining the Future Price is not appropriate in which case the Future Price shall be determined in 
the manner elected by the Calculation Agent, having regard to such market conventions.

--- Page 354 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
354 
Future Linked Interest Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of which interest is calculated by reference to the price of one or more Futures. 
Future Linked Redemption Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of which the Early Redemption Amount, the Instalment Redemption Amount or the Final 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is calculated by reference to the price of one or more Futures. 
Future Linked Security means a Future Linked Interest Security or Future Linked Redemption Security, 
as applicable. 
FX Linked Interest Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of which interest is calculated by reference to one or more FX Rates. 
FX Linked Redemption Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of which the Early Redemption Amount, the Instalment Redemption Amount or the Final 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is calculated by reference to one or more FX Rates. 
FX Linked Security means a FX Linked Interest Security or FX Linked Redemption Security, as 
applicable. 
FX Rate has the meaning set out in Chapter 3 (FX Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset 
Conditions). 
G means the number or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
G(k) means : 
(a) 
if "Option 1" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms: the Performance(i) 
corresponding to rank “k” of the list of Performance(i) numerically sorted in descending order, 
i.e. G(1) is equal to the highest (best) Performance(i) numerical value and G(N) is equal to the 
lowest (worst) Performance(i) numerical value. 
(b) 
if "Option 2" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms: the number or 
percentage, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, corresponding to rank “k” of the list 
of Performance(i) numerically sorted in descending order, i.e. G(1) corresponding to the highest 
(best) Performance(i) numerical value and G(N) corresponding to the lowest (worst) 
Performance(i) numerical value. 
Gearing means the number or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
General Conditions has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and Conditions. 
General Interest Payoff means a Standard Interest Payoff or a Combination Interest Payoff. 
General Interest Payoffx means any of General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2 or General 
Interest Payoff3 (as such terms are defined in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition, as applicable). 
General Payoff Conditions means the Standard Payoff Conditions and the Combination Payoff 
Conditions. 
General Redemption Payoff means a Standard Redemption Payoff or a Combination Redemption 
Payoff. 
General Redemption Payoffx means any of General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2 
or General Redemption Payoff3 (as such terms are defined in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition, 
as applicable). 
Global Leverage means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For 
the avoidance of doubt, such global leverage may have a positive or negative value or, in the case of a 
number, be equal to one (1).

--- Page 355 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
355 
Global Security(ies) has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and Conditions. 
Government Authority means any nation, state or government, any province or other political 
subdivision thereof, any body, agency or ministry, any taxing, monetary, foreign exchange or other 
authority, court, tribunal or other instrumentality and any other entity exercising, executive, legislative, 
judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government. 
Group has the meaning set out in General Condition 18 (Representations and Acknowledgements). 
Growth Redemption has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions). 
Guarantee has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and Conditions and refers to 
the English Guarantee, the Irish Guarantee or the French Guarantee, as applicable. 
Guarantor means Crédit Agricole CIB. 
Highest Value has the meaning given to it in General Condition 6.8(b) (Essential Trigger). 
i, j each means an integer number corresponding to an Underlying, specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
IB ("Interest Barrier"), IB1, IB2, IB3, IB4, IB5 and IB6 each means the number, the percentage or a 
percentage of the Initial Underlying Value(i), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Index has the meaning set out in Chapter 2 (Index Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset 
Conditions). 
IndexTRd means the Index Level on the relevant Daily Observation Dated (with IndexTR0 = Initial 
Underlying Value(i)). 
Index Cessation Event means, in respect of a Relevant Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Relevant Benchmark announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Relevant 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Relevant Benchmark; 
(b) 
a public statement by or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Relevant Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Relevant 
Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Relevant 
Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Relevant 
Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Relevant Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Relevant 
Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the Relevant Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Relevant Benchmark;  
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Relevant Benchmark announcing that the Relevant Benchmark is or will no 
longer be representative of any relevant underlying markets or that its method of calculation has 
significantly changed; or 
(d) 
where the Calculation Agent has determined that the Relevant Rate Benchmark is a Priority 
Fallback Benchmark (each as defined in Chapter 5 (Rate Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 
(Asset Conditions)), any event which otherwise constitutes an "index cessation event" (regardless 
of how it is actually defined or described in the definition of the Relevant Rate Benchmark) for 
which the Calculation Agent has determined a Priority Fallback will apply.

--- Page 356 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
356 
Index Level has the meaning set out in Chapter 2 (Index Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset 
Conditions). 
Index Linked Interest Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of which interest is calculated by reference to the level of one or more Indices. 
Index Linked Redemption Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of which the Early Redemption Amount, the Instalment Redemption Amount or the Final 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is calculated by reference to the level of one or more Indices. 
Index Linked Security means an Index Linked Interest Security or Index Linked Redemption Security, 
as applicable. 
Inflation Index has the meaning set out in Chapter 4 (Inflation Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 
(Asset Conditions). 
Inflation Index Level has the meaning set out in Chapter 4 (Inflation Linked Asset Conditions) of 
Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
Inflation Linked Interest Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of which interest is calculated by reference to the level of one or more Inflation Indices. 
Inflation Linked Redemption Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of which the Early Redemption Amount, the Instalment Redemption Amount or the Final 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is calculated by reference to the level of one or more Inflation 
Indices. 
Inflation Linked Security means an Inflation Linked Interest Security or Inflation Linked Redemption 
Security, as applicable. 
Initial Observation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, and such date 
is deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Initial Underlying Value(i) means the Underlying Value(i) on the Initial Observation Date. 
Instalment Amount means, with respect to the redemption of an Instalment Security and each Instalment 
Date, each amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Instalment Date means, with respect to an Instalment Security, each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Instalment Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Instalment Redemption Amount, with respect to an Instalment Security, has the meaning set out in 
Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions). 
Interest Accrual Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date. 
Interest Amount has the meaning set out in General Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Securities) 
(with respect to Fixed Rate Securities), 4.2(c) (Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of 
Interest Amounts) (with respect to Floating Rate Securities) and 4.3(c) (Determination of Linked Interest 
Rate and calculation of Interest Amounts) (with respect to Linked Interest Securities). 
Interest Commencement Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issue Date. 
Interest Currency has the meaning set out in the Dual Currency (Interest) Feature.

--- Page 357 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
357 
Interest Determination Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which 
may be each date falling such number of Business Days immediately preceding the last day of an Interest 
Accrual Period or such other date(s), each as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Interest 
Determination Date is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Interest Determination Date shall 
be the date that is the latest Observation Date of the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
Interest Observation Date(s) means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, and each 
such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Interest Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the period from and 
including the date falling such number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms 
immediately preceding the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period to and excluding the date 
falling such number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms immediately preceding the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period, or the period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
Interest Observation Period Cut-Off Date means the date as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Payment Date means each date specified as such or (in the case of Italian Listed Certificates 
only) a "Premium Payment Date" in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Period Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if "Not 
Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Interest Payment Date. 
Interest Record Date means, in respect of Italian Securities, the date(s) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
Investment Company Act means the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
Investment Letter has the meaning set out in General Condition 1.3(g)(ii). 
Irish Guarantee has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and Conditions. 
Irish Law Deed of Covenant has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and 
Conditions. 
Irish Law Securities means Securities of a Series for which the governing law is specified as "Irish Law" 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
ISDA Definitions has the meaning set out in General Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities). 
ISDA Determination means the manner of determining the Rate of Interest per Floating Rate Securities 
set out in General Condition 4.2(b)(i) (ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Securities). 
ISDA Rate has the meaning set out in General Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities). 
Issue Date means the issue date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Issue Price means the issue price specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Issuer means Crédit Agricole CIB, Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Italian Certificate means a Certificate designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Italian Issuing Agent means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Italian Listed Certificates means a certificate (which may be an Italian Certificate, or not, specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms), admitted to trading or intended to be admitted to trading on the 
SeDeX Market.

--- Page 358 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
358 
Italian Listed Note means a Note (which may be an Italian Note, or not, specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms), listed or intended to be listed on the MOT Market. 
Italian Listed Security means either an Italian Listed Note or an Italian Listed Certificate, as applicable 
in the context of the relevant Series. 
Italian Note means a Note designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Italian Security means either an Italian Certificate or an Italian Note, as applicable in the context of the 
relevant Series. 
Japanese Yen means the currency of Japan. 
k means, in respect of the Rainbow Performance or Xth Worst Performance, the rank of each 
Performance(i) ranging from one (1) for the highest (best) Performance(i) numerical value to the highest 
i number for the lowest (worst) Performance(i) value; for example, in the case of five (5) Underlyings, 
the best rank is one (1) and the worst rank is five (5). 
K means the number or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
L ("Leverage"), L1, L2, L3, L4, L5 and L6 each means the number or percentage specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Leverage means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this may have a positive or a negative value, or in the case of a number, may be one 
(1). 
Linked Interest Security means a Commodity Linked Interest Security, an Index Linked Interest 
Security, an FX Linked Interest Security, an Inflation Linked Interest Security, a Rate Linked Interest 
Security, an ETF Linked Interest Security, a Share Linked Interest Security, a Fund Linked Interest 
Security, a Future Linked Interest Security or a Multi-Asset Basket Linked Interest Security. 
Linked Interest Rate has the meaning set out in General Condition 4.3(b) (Linked Interest Rate). 
Linked Redemption Security means a Commodity Linked Redemption Security, an Index Linked 
Redemption Security, an FX Linked Redemption Security, an Inflation Linked Redemption Security, a 
Rate Linked Redemption Security, an ETF Linked Redemption Security, a Share Linked Redemption 
Security, a Fund Linked Redemption Security, a Future Linked Redemption Security or a Multi-Asset 
Basket Linked Redemption Security. 
Long Maturity Security has the meaning set out in General Condition 5.2 (Presentation of Definitive 
Bearer Securities, Receipts and Coupons). 
Lower Limit means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
Luxembourg Business Day has the meaning set out in General Condition 4.3(d) (Notification of 
Applicable Linked Interest Rate and Interest Amounts). 
Manager(s) means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Margin means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this may have a positive or negative value or, in the case of a number, be zero (0). 
Max means the greater of the two amounts or values that follow, or the greatest of several amounts (as 
applicable) or values that follow, the amounts or values being separated by a comma. For example Max 
(X,Y) means whichever is the greater of component X and component Y. 
Maximum Rate of Interest means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If the 
applicable Final Terms specify that Maximum Rate of Interest is Not Applicable, the Maximum Rate of 
Interest shall be equal to infinity.

--- Page 359 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
359 
Min means the lesser of the two amounts or values that follow, or the lesser of several amounts (as 
applicable) or values that follow, the amounts or values being separated by a comma. For example 
Min(X,Y) means whichever is the lesser of component X and component Y. 
Minimum Rate of Interest means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If the 
applicable Final Terms specify that Minimum Rate of Interest is Not Applicable, the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be equal to 0. 
Monetisation Amount has the meaning given to it in General Condition 6.8(b) (Essential Trigger). 
Monetisation Option has the meaning given to it in General Condition 6.8(b) (Essential Trigger). 
Moody's means Moody's Investors Service Ltd. 
MOT Market means the Electronic Bond and Government Securities Market organised and managed by 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Interest Security means a specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of which interest is calculated by reference to the price, value or level of two (2) or more types 
of Underlyings. 
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Redemption Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, in respect of which the Early Redemption Amount, the Instalment Redemption Amount or 
the Final Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is calculated by reference to the price, value or level 
of two (2) or more types of Underlyings. 
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Security means a Multi-Asset Basket Linked Interest Security or Multi-
Asset Basket Linked Redemption Security, as applicable. 
Non-Permitted Transferee means any person who is not a Permitted Transferee. 
N means the total number of Underlying(i).  For the avoidance of doubt, all Underlying(i) together will 
constitute a Basket or Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset 
Conditions). 
N1 means the total number of Underlying(i) defined in Basket 1, as specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, all Underlying(i) defined in Basket 1 together will constitute a 
Basket or Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
N2 means the total number of Underlying(j) defined in Basket 2, as specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, all Underlying(j) defined in Basket 2 together will constitute a 
Basket or Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
nd means the number of Shares calculated on the Daily Observationd as the result of the following formula 
(with n0 = 1): 
𝑛𝑑= 𝑛𝑑−1 +  𝑛𝑑−1 × 𝐷𝑖𝑣𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡𝑑
𝑆ℎ𝑎𝑟𝑒𝑑−1 −𝐷𝑖𝑣𝐺𝑟𝑜𝑠𝑠𝑑 
 
nid means the number of Shares i calculated on the Daily Observationd as the result of the following 
formula: 
(a) 
if "Option 1: Share Reinvestment" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
𝑛𝑑
𝑖= 𝑛𝑑−1
𝑖
+  𝑛𝑑−1
𝑖
× 𝐷𝑖𝑣𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡𝑑
𝑖
𝑆ℎ𝑎𝑟𝑒𝑑−1
𝑖
−𝐷𝑖𝑣𝐺𝑟𝑜𝑠𝑠𝑑
𝑖 
(with ni0 = 1) 
(b) 
if "Option 2: Basket Reinvestment" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 360 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
360 
𝑛𝑑
𝑖= 𝑛𝑑−1
𝑖
+  
𝑛𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑑−1
𝑖
× 𝐷𝑖𝑣𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡𝑑
(𝑆ℎ𝑎𝑟𝑒𝑑−1
𝑖
−𝐷𝑖𝑣𝐺𝑟𝑜𝑠𝑠𝑑
𝑖) × 𝐹𝑋𝑑−1
𝑖
 
(with 𝑛0
𝑖=
1
𝑁×𝑆ℎ𝑎𝑟𝑒0𝑖×𝐹𝑋0𝑖) 
nRelativeid-1 means the result of the following formula: 
𝑛𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑑−1
𝑖
= 𝑛𝑑−1
𝑖
× 𝑆ℎ𝑎𝑟𝑒𝑑−1
𝑖
× 𝐹𝑋𝑑−1
𝑖
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑇𝑅𝑑−1
 
(with 𝑛𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑣𝑒0
𝑖=
1
𝑁) 
Norwegian CSD has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Norwegian CSD Rules has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Norwegian Issuing Agent means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Norwegian Securities has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Norwegian Securities Register has the meaning set out in General Condition 1.2 (Title). 
Notes means any notes issued by any of the Issuers under the Programme. 
Number of Underlyings means the Number of Shares or the Number of ETF Units, depending on the 
relevant Asset Conditions. 
Number of Underlyings to be Delivered means the Number of Shares to Be Delivered or the Number 
of ETF Units to Be Delivered, depending on the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Offer Price means the price specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
One-off Coupon has the meaning given to it in General Condition 4.1. 
P ("Percentage"), P1, P2, P3, P4, P5 and P6 each means the number or percentage specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
PCap means the number or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
PFloor means the number or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Paying Agent(s) has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Payoff Feature has the meaning set out in Annex 7 (Payoff Feature Conditions). 
Payoff Feature Conditions means the terms and conditions in Annex 7 (Payoff Feature Conditions). 
Payment Business Day has the meaning set out in General Condition 5.6 (Payment Business Day). 
Performance(i) means the performance of the Underlying Value(i) between two specified Observation 
Dates, calculated as: 
(a) 
if "Option 1" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
± Underlying Value2i
Underlying Value1i
  
or

--- Page 361 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
361 
± Underlying Valueti
Underlying Value1i
  
(b) 
if "Option 2" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
± G × (Underlying Value2i
Underlying Value1i
 − K)  
or 
± G × (Underlying Valueti
Underlying Value1i
 − K) 
(c) 
if "Option 3" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
± G × (K − Underlying Value2i
Underlying Value1i
 ) 
or 
± G × (K − Underlying Valueti
Underlying Value1i
 ) 
(d) 
if "Option 4" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
± G × (
Underlying Valueti
Underlying Value1i −K
t
) 
(e) 
if "Option 5" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms  
± G × ((Underlying Valueti
Underlying Value1i
 )
1/t
−K) 
(f) 
if "Option 6" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms  
± Min (PCap; Max (PFloor; G × (Underlying Value2i
Underlying Value1i
−K) )) 
or 
± Min (PCap; Max (PFloor; G × (Underlying Valueti
Underlying Value1i
−K) )) 
(g) 
if "Option 7" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
± G × (Underlying Value2i −Underlying Value1i − K) 
or  
± G × (Underlying Valueti −Underlying Value1i − K) 
Performance(j) means any Performance(i) where i = j. 
Performance_AF ("Performance Accrual Factor"), Performance_CB (“Performance Conditional 
Barrier”), 
Performance_CI 
("Performance 
Combination 
Interest"), 
Performance_CR 
("Performance 
Combination 
Redemption"), 
Performance_ER 
("Performance 
Early 
Redemption"), Performance_FR ("Performance Final Redemption"), Performance_FR1,

--- Page 362 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
362 
Performance_FR2, Performance_FR3, Performance_FR4, Performance_FR5, Performance_FR6, 
Performance_KOI ("Performance Knock-Out Interest"), Performance_KOR ("Performance 
Knock-Out 
Redemption"), 
Performance_I 
("Performance 
Interest"), 
Performance_IA 
("Performance Interest Amount"), Performance_RA ("Performance Redemption Amount"), 
Performance_RA1, Performance_RA2, Performance_RA3, Performance_RA4, Performance_RA5 
and  Performance_RA6 each means: 
(a) 
a Performance(i);  
(b) 
a Performance Formula; or 
(c) 
the addition, the difference, the product or the quotient of two or more Performance(i); or 
(d) 
the addition, the difference, the product or the quotient of two or more Performance Formulas. 
Where any amount payable in respect of the Securities is determined by reference to two or more of the 
above definitions in circumstances where they are equal, the formula, where set out in the Final Terms 
applicable to the Securities, may be simplified from the form of that formula set out in the applicable 
Additional Conditions by replacing the above definitions by the term Performance. 
Performance Formula means the following formula as specified in the applicable Final terms: 
(a) 
Absolute Value Performance means the Absolute Value of the specified Performance(i) or 
specified Performance Formula. 
(b) 
Basket Outperformance means the result of the following formula, expressed as a percentage: 
∑Weight(i)
N1
i=1
× Performance(i) ± ∑Weight(j)
N2
j=1
× Performance(j) 
(c) 
Best of Performance means the result of the following formula, expressed as a percentage: 
 
Maxi
NPerformance(i) 
(d) 
Decrement Performance means the result of the following formula calculated on the relevant 
Observation Date t: 
∏(𝑇𝑜𝑡𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 (𝑑−1, 𝑑) − 𝐷𝑒𝑐𝑟𝑒𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡× 𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑑−1, 𝑑)
365
)
𝑡
𝑑=1
 
(e) 
Difference Performance means the result of the following formula: 
Underlying Value(i) − Undelying Value(j) 
(f) 
Capped Floored Weighted Average Performance means the result of the following formula, 
 expressed as a percentage: 
Min (Cap; Max (Floor; Gearing × (∑
Weight(i)
N
i=1
×  Performance(i) − Strike))) 
(g) 
Product Performance means the result of the following formula: 
Underlying Value(i) ×  Underlying Value(j) 
(h) 
Quotient Performance means the result of the following formula: 
Underlying Value(i) ÷  Underlying Value(j)

--- Page 363 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
363 
(i) 
Rainbow Performance means the result of the following formula, expressed as a percentage: 
∑Weight(k)
N
k=1
× G(k) 
(j) 
Sum Performance means the result of the following formula: 
Underlying Value(i) +  Underlying Value(j) 
(k) 
 Weighted Average Performance means the result of the following formula, expressed as a 
percentage: 
∑Weight(i)
N
i=1
× Performance(i) 
(l) 
Weighted Average Value means the result of the following formula: 
∑Weight(i)
N
i=1
× Underlying Value(i) − Strike 
(m) 
Worst of Performance means the result of the following formula, expressed as a percentage: 
Mini
NPerformance(i) 
(n) 
Xth Worst Performance means the Performance(i) element corresponding to rank k = X. 
Performance Redemption has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions). 
Permanent Bearer Global Security means a permanent global security in bearer form. 
Permitted Transferee means any person who is not: 
(a) 
a "U.S. Person" as defined in Regulation S;  
(b) 
a person other than a "Non-United States person" as defined as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7 under 
the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act (excluding for purposes of CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv)(D) the 
exception for qualified eligible persons who are not Non-United States persons);  
(c) 
a "U.S. Person" as described in the "Interpretative Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding 
Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations" promulgated by the U.S. Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission; or 
(d) 
any other "U.S. person" as such term may be defined in regulations or guidance adopted under 
the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as such definition may be amended from time 
to time. 
Physical Settlement Amount has the meaning set out in ETF Linked Asset Condition 2 (General 
Definitions relating to ETF Linked Securities) in respect of ETF Linked Securities, Share Linked Asset 
Condition 2 (General Definitions relating to Share Linked Securities) in respect of Share Linked 
Securities, Credit Linked Condition 4 (Physical Settlement) in respect of Credit Linked Securities and 
Bond Linked Condition 6 (Definitions) in respect of Bond Linked Securities. 
Physical Settlement Underlying means the Physical Settlement Share or the Physical Settlement ETF, 
depending on the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Physical Settlement Underlying Price means the Physical Settlement Share Price or the Physical 
Settlement ETF Price, depending on the relevant Asset Conditions.

--- Page 364 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
364 
Preference Share Linked Securities has the meaning set out in Annex 11 (Preference Share Linked 
Conditions).  
Principal Paying Agent has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Proceedings has the meaning set out in General Condition 23.2 (Submission to jurisdiction). 
Programme means the €50,000,000,000 Structured Debt Instruments Issuance Programme under which 
the Issuers may from time to time issue Securities. 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June 2017, as amended. 
QIB means a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A. 
QP means a "qualified purchaser" as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act and the 
rules thereunder. 
Range, Range1, Range2, Range3, Range4, Range5 and Range6 each means one of the following (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms): 
(a) 
a range being (A) (i) greater than or equal to, or (ii) greater than, or (iii) lower than or equal to, 
or (iv) lower than, the Lower Limit and/or (B) (i) greater than or equal to, or (ii) greater than, or 
(iii) lower than or equal to, or (iv) lower than, the Upper Limit; or 
(b) 
any other range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Range Underlying means a Commodity, an Index, an FX Rate, an Inflation Index, a Benchmark Rate, 
an ETF, a Share, a Fund Interest or a Future. 
Range Underlying Value means, with respect to an Observation Date, a Condition Observation Date, a 
Condition Observation Period or a Relevant Timing, as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of an Range Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Range Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Range Underlying which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(d) 
in respect of an Range Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Range Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(f) 
in respect of an Range Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Range Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price; 
(h) 
in respect of an Range Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price; or 
(i) 
in respect of an Range Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Range Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or 
may be equal to zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the 
Range Underlying Value (if any). 
Rate Linked Interest Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of which interest is calculated by reference to the level of one or more Benchmark Rates. 
Rate Linked Redemption Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of which the Early Redemption Amount, the Instalment Redemption Amount or the Final

--- Page 365 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
365 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is calculated by reference to the level of one or more Benchmark 
Rates. 
Rate Linked Security means a Rate Linked Interest Security or Rate Linked Redemption Security, as 
applicable. 
Rate of Interest means, as the case may be, the rate of interest on any Fixed Rate Security (or, in the case 
of Italian Listed Certificates only, the "Premium") or Floating Rate Security in each case subject to 
General Condition 4.5 (Margin, Minimum Rate of Interest and Maximum Rate of Interest), as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Receiptholder(s) has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Receipt(s) has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions.   
Record Date has the meaning set out in General Condition 5.4 (Payments in respect of Registered 
Securities). 
Redemption Basis means the basis for the calculation of the amount at which the Securities will be 
redeemed as described in General Condition 6.8(b) (Essential Trigger) and as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Redemption Currency has the meaning set out in the Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature. 
Redemption Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, and if no such date is 
specified, the latest relevant Observation Date or, in respect of Preference Share Linked Securities, as 
defined in Annex 11 (Preference Share Linked Conditions). 
Redemption Determination Date has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions). 
Redemption Method Conditions means the terms and conditions in Annex 9 (Redemption Method 
Conditions). 
Redemption Observation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, and such 
date is deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Redemption Observation Period means: 
(a) 
with respect to Securities other than Instalment Securities or for the purposes of calculating an 
Early Redemption Amount, the period specified as the Redemption Observation Period in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
with respect to Instalment Securities, the period from and including the Commencement Date to 
but excluding the date falling such number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms immediately preceding the first Instalment Date and each successive period beginning on 
and including the date falling such number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms immediately preceding an Instalment Date to but excluding the date falling such number 
of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms immediately preceding the following 
Instalment Date; or 
(c) 
for the purposes of calculating an Early Redemption Amount, the period from and including the 
Commencement Date to and including the date falling such number of Business Days as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to the Early Redemption Date. 
Redemption Payoff means the amount determined in accordance with the relevant Standard Payoff 
Conditions or the relevant Combination Payoff Conditions. 
Redenomination Date means (in the case of interest bearing Securities) any date for payment of interest 
under the Securities or (in the case of Zero Coupon Securities) any date, in each case specified by the 
relevant Issuer in the notice given to the Securityholders pursuant to General Condition 3.1 and which

--- Page 366 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
366 
falls on or after the date on which the country of the Specified Currency first participates in the third stage 
of European economic and monetary union. 
Reference Banks means the principal office of four (4) major banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, 
in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Entity has the meaning set out in Annex 2 (Credit Linked Conditions). 
Reference Obligation has the meaning set out in Annex 2 (Credit Linked Conditions). 
Reference Rate means such rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
Registered Global Security(ies) means any Rule 144A Global Security or Regulation S Global Security. 
Registered Security(ies) has the meaning set out in General Condition 1 (Form, Denomination, Title, 
Transfer). 
Registrar has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Register has the meaning set out in General Condition 5.4 (Payments in respect of Registered Securities). 
Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Regulation S Global Security(ies) means a registered global Security(ies) representing Securities sold 
to non-U.S. persons outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S. 
Relevant Benchmark means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Series of Securities that are Commodity Linked Securities, the Relevant 
Commodity Benchmark, as defined in Chapter 1 (Commodity Linked Asset Conditions) of 
Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); 
(b) 
in respect of a Series of Securities that are Index Linked Securities, the Relevant Index 
Benchmark, as defined in Chapter 2 (Index Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset 
Conditions); 
(c) 
in respect of a Series of Securities that are FX Linked Securities, the Relevant FX Benchmark, 
as defined in Chapter 3 (FX Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); 
(d) 
in respect of a Series of Securities that are Inflation Linked Securities, the Relevant Inflation 
Index Benchmark, as defined in Chapter 4 (Inflation Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset 
Conditions); 
(e) 
in respect of a Series of Securities that are Rate Linked Securities, the Relevant Rate Benchmark, 
as defined in Chapter 5 (Rate Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); and 
(f) 
in respect of a Series of Securities that are Multi-Asset Basket Linked Securities, for each Multi-
Asset Basket Component that is: 
(i) 
a Commodity, the Relevant Commodity Benchmark, as defined in Chapter 1 
(Commodity Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); 
(ii) 
an Index, the Relevant Index Benchmark, as defined in Chapter 2 (Index Linked Asset 
Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); 
(iii) 
an FX Rate, the Relevant FX Benchmark, as defined in Chapter 3 (FX Linked Asset 
Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); 
(iv) 
an Inflation Index, the Relevant Inflation Index Benchmark, as defined in Chapter 4 
(Inflation Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); and

--- Page 367 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
367 
(v) 
a Benchmark Rate, the Relevant Rate Benchmark, as defined in Chapter 5 (Rate Linked 
Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
Relevant Clearing System means a central depositary or a securities clearing and delivery and payments 
systems operator as referred to in Article L. 441-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier, or of one 
or more similar non-French depositaries or operators provided that such depositary or operator is not 
located in a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non-coopératif) within the meaning of 
article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts and designated as the relevant clearing system in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Inter-Bank Market means the inter-bank market specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Relevant Market Data means, in relation to any determination, any relevant information including, 
without limitation, one or more of the following types of information: 
(a) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant market supplied by one or more 
third parties including, without limitation, alternative benchmarks, relevant rates, prices, yields, 
yield curves, volatilities, spreads, correlations or other relevant market data in the relevant 
market; or 
(b) 
information of the type described in sub-paragraph (a) above from internal sources (including 
any of the Calculation Agent's Affiliates) if that information is of the same type used by the 
Calculation Agent for adjustments to, or valuations of, similar transactions. 
Relevant Market Data will include information pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) above unless that 
information is not readily available or, if used to make a determination, would produce a result that is not 
commercially reasonable. Third parties supplying market data pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) above may 
include, without limitation, central counterparties, exchanges, dealers in the relevant markets, end-users 
of the relevant product, information vendors, brokers and other recognised sources of market information. 
Relevant Observation  
(a) 
means, with respect to any Underlying Value(i) or Underlying Value(j):  
(i) 
if "Average Underlying Level" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the mean average of the Underlying Value(i) or Underlying Value(j) on the 
Relevant Timings;  
(ii) 
if "Minimum Underlying Level" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the lowest of the Underlying Value(i) or Underlying Value(j) on the Relevant 
Timings;  
(iii) 
if "Maximum Underlying Level" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the highest of the Underlying Value(i) or Underlying Value(j) on the Relevant 
Timings; or  
(iv) 
if "Underlying Performance" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the percentage change in the Underlying Value(i) or Underlying Value(j) 
between the first Relevant Timing and the second Relevant Timing specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent and, as the case may be: 
(i) 
subject to a minimum equal to the Relevant Observation Floor, if a Relevant 
Observation Floor is specified in the applicable Final Terms; and/or 
(ii) 
subject to a maximum equal to the Relevant Observation Cap, if a Relevant Observation 
Cap is specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 368 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
368 
Relevant Timing(s) means each timing (including without limitation any date and/or time and/or other 
time unit) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and each Relevant Timing will be deemed to 
be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Relevant Screen Page means the screen page specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Screen Page Time means uch other time as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Renouncement Notice shall have the meaning given in General Condition 6.12 (Italian Listed 
Certificates). 
Renouncement Notice Cut-off Time shall have the meaning given in General Condition 6.12 (Italian 
Listed Certificates). 
Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuters service. 
Reset Date has the meaning set out in General Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities). 
Rule 144A means Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
Rule 144A Global Security means a registered global Security representing Securities sold in the United 
States or to QIBs.  
Rule 144A Security(ies) means Registered Securities (whether in definitive form or represented by a 
Registered Global Security) sold in private transactions to QIBs, in accordance with the requirements of 
Rule 144A. 
S ("Strike"), S1, S2, S3, S4, S5 and S6 each means the number or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
S&P means S&P Rating Services, a division of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
Satisfied Limit Value means the value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Scheduled Payment Currency means the Specified Currency (or, in the case of Securities to which the 
Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature or the Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature applies, the 
Interest Currency or the Redemption Currency, as the case may be). 
Scheduled Payment Currency Cessation Event means that a Scheduled Payment Currency ceases to 
exist at any time as a lawful currency for any reason whatsoever, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Screen Rate Determination means the manner of determining the Rate of Interest for Floating Rate 
Securities set out in General Condition 4.2(b)(ii) Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Securities). 
Section 3(c)(7) means Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act. 
Secured Security Conditions means, with respect to Secured Securities, the additional conditions set out 
at Annex 10 (Secured Security Conditions). 
Secured Securities means a Security specified as such in the applicable final terms. 
Securities means any Notes or Certificates issued by any of the Issuers under the Programme. 
Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Securityholder has the meaning set out in General Condition 1.2 (Title). 
SeDeX Market means the Electronic Securitised Derivatives Market organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A.

--- Page 369 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
369 
Selection Date has the meaning set out in Annex 8 (Early Redemption Trigger Conditions). 
Series has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and Conditions. 
Share has the meaning set out in Chapter 7 (Share Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset 
Conditions). 
Shared means the Share Price on the relevant Daily Observation Dated (with Share0 = Initial Underlying 
Value(i)). 
Shareid means the Share Price of the Share i on the relevant Daily Observation Dated (with Sharei0 = 
Initial Underlying Value(i)). 
ShareTRd means the result of the following formula: 
𝑛𝑑× 𝑆ℎ𝑎𝑟𝑒𝑑 
Share Linked Interest Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of which interest is calculated by reference to the price of one or more Shares. 
Share Linked Redemption Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of which the Early Redemption Amount, the Instalment Redemption Amount or the Final 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is calculated by reference to the price of one or more Shares. 
Share Linked Security means a Share Linked Interest Security or Share Linked Redemption Security, 
as applicable. 
Share Price has the meaning set out in Chapter 7 (Share Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset 
Conditions). 
SHIBOR means the Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate as published on http://www.shibor.org, by China 
Foreign Exchange Trade System & National Interbank Funding Centre under the authorisation of the 
People's Bank of China, at around 11.30 a.m., Beijing time on each Business Day, including 8 critical 
terms, i.e. O/N, 1W, 2W, 1M, 3M, 6M, 9M, 1Y, each representing the rate for the corresponding period. 
If a Benchmark Rate is specified in the Final Terms as SHIBOR, "SHIBOR" will be the rate determined 
by the relevant Issuer acting by and through its Hong Kong Branch (or, if one is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent instead of the relevant Issuer acting by and through its Hong Kong 
Branch) on the following basis: 
(a) 
If, at or around 11:30 a.m. (Beijing time) on the Interest Determination Date or the Redemption 
Determination Date (as the case may be), a relevant SHIBOR is published on 
http://www.shibor.org, then the relevant SHIBOR will be that rate; and for the purposes of these 
Conditions, the relevant SHIBOR means SHIBOR in a critical term corresponding to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period. 
(b) 
If for any reason the relevant SHIBOR is not published in respect of a certain Interest 
Determination Date or Redemption Determination Date (as the case may be), the relevant 
SHIBOR in respect of the business day immediately preceding that Interest Determination Date 
or Redemption Determination Date (as the case may be) shall be applied in place thereof. 
Specified Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Specified Denomination means the specified denomination set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Specified Public Source means each source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no 
such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, 
The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La 
Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and successor publications, the main source(s) of 
business news in the country in which the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark is

--- Page 370 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
370 
incorporated or organised and any other internationally recognised published or electronically displayed 
news sources). 
Stabilising Manager(s) means entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Standard Interest Payoff means the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with the relevant 
chapter of Part A of the Standard Payoff Conditions. 
Standard Interest Payoffx means any of Standard Interest Payoff1, Standard Interest Payoff2, Standard 
Interest Payoff3, Standard Interest Payoff4, Standard Interest Payoff5, Standard Interest Payoff6, Standard 
Interest Payoff7, Standard Interest Payoff8 or Standard Interest Payoff9 (as such terms are defined in the 
relevant Combination Payoff Condition, as applicable). 
Standard Payoff Conditions means the terms and conditions in Annex 5 (Standard Payoff Conditions). 
Standard Redemption has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions). 
Standard Redemption Payoff has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions). 
Standard Redemption Payoffx means any of Standard Redemption Payoff1, Standard Redemption 
Payoff2, Standard Redemption Payoff3, Standard Redemption Payoff4, Standard Redemption Payoff5, 
Standard Redemption Payoff6, Standard Redemption Payoff7 or Standard Redemption Payoff8 (as such 
terms are defined in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition, as applicable). 
Substituted Debtor has the meaning set out in General Condition 17.1 (Conditions Precedent to 
Substitution). 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one (1) cent. 
Swedish CSD has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and Conditions. 
Swedish CSD Rules has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and Conditions. 
Swedish Issuing Agent means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
Swedish Securities has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and Conditions. 
t means an integer number corresponding to the relevant Observation Date, Observation Period, Interest 
Payment Date, Interest Accrual Period or Early Redemption Date, specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Talon(s) has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and Conditions. 
TARGET2 Settlement Day has the meaning as set out in the definition of "Business Day".  
TARGET2 System means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET2) System. 
Temporary Bearer Global Security means the form of temporary global security in which each Tranche 
of Bearer Securities will initially be issued. 
Terms and Conditions means, with respect to any Security, the General Conditions, the Definitions 
Conditions, the applicable Asset Conditions, the Credit Linked Conditions, the Bond Linked Conditions, 
the Alternative Currency Conditions, the Standard Payoff Conditions, the Combination Payoff 
Conditions, the Payoff Feature Conditions, the Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the Redemption 
Method Conditions, the Secured Security Conditions and the Preference Share Linked Conditions, as 
applicable. 
Threshold means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 371 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
371 
Total Return Performance(d-1,d) means one of the following options: 
(a) 
if "Option 1: Index" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
IndexTRd
IndexTRd-1
  
(b) 
if "Option 2: Share" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
ShareTRd
ShareTRd-1
   
(c) 
if "Option 3: Basket of Shares" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
BasketTRd
BasketTRd-1
   
Tranche has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and Conditions. 
Transfer Agent means CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg Branch and/or any additional or successor transfer 
agents appointed under the Agency Agreement from time to time. 
Transfer Certificate has the meaning set out in General Condition 1.3(g) (Transfers of interests in 
Regulation S Global Securities). 
Treaty means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
Underlying means any Commodity, Index, FX Rate, Inflation Index, Benchmark Rate, ETF, Share, Fund 
Interest or Future, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Underlying(i) means each Underlying corresponding to an i, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, all Underlying(i) together will constitute a Basket or Multi-Asset Basket, as 
applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
Underlying(j) means each Underlying corresponding to an j, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, all Underlying(j) together will constitute a Basket or Multi-Asset Basket, as 
applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
Underlyingx, Underlyingy, or Underlyingz means any Underlying specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, if applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, Underlyingx, Underlyingy and (if applicable) 
Underlyingz together constitute a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the 
applicable Asset Conditions). 
Underlying Value means, with respect to any relevant Observation Date or Relevant Timing, as the case 
may be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an FX rate, the relevant exchange rate; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;

--- Page 372 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
372 
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price; or 
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive or negative value or be equal to 
zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying Value 
(if any). 
Underlying Value(i) means the Underlying Value of the Underlying(i). 
Underlying Value(j) means the Underlying Value of the Underlying(j). 
Underlying Value1i means (a) the level, percentage, number, price or amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or (b) the Underlying Value(i) on the relevant Observation Date, at any time or on any 
Scheduled Trading Day during the relevant Observation Period, or (c) where Underlying Value1i is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being determined by reference to a Relevant Observation, the 
Underlying Value(i) determined in accordance with the applicable Relevant Observation. 
Underlying Value2i means (a) the level, percentage, number, price or amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or (b) the Underlying Value(i) on the relevant Observation Date, at any time or on any 
Scheduled Trading Day during the relevant Observation Period, or (c) where Underlying Value2i is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being determined by reference to a Relevant Observation, the 
Underlying Value(i) determined in accordance the applicable Relevant Observation.  
Underlying Valueti means (a) the level, percentage, number, price or amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or (b) the Underlying Value(i) on the relevant Observation Date corresponding to t, at any 
time or on any Scheduled Trading Day during the relevant Observation Period corresponding to t, or (c) 
where Underlying Valueti is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being determined by reference to 
a Relevant Observation, the Underlying Value(i) determined in accordance with the applicable Relevant 
Observation. 
Underlying Value1j means (a) the level, percentage, number, price or amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or (b) the Underlying Value(j) on the relevant Observation Date, at any time or on any 
Scheduled Trading Day during the relevant Observation Period, or (c) where Underlying Value1j is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being determined by reference to a Relevant Observation, the 
Underlying Value(j) determined in accordance with the applicable Relevant Observation. 
Underlying Value2j means (a) the level, percentage, number, price or amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or (b) the Underlying Value(j) on the relevant Observation Date, at any time or on any 
Scheduled Trading Day during the relevant Observation Period, or (c) where Underlying Value2j is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being determined by reference to a Relevant Observation, the 
Underlying Value(j) determined in accordance the applicable Relevant Observation.  
Underlying Valuetj means (a) the level, percentage, number, price or amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or (b) the Underlying Value(j) on the relevant Observation Date corresponding to t, at any 
time or on any Scheduled Trading Day during the relevant Observation Period corresponding to t, or (c) 
where Underlying Valuetj is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being determined by reference to 
a Relevant Observation, the Underlying Value(j) determined in accordance with the applicable Relevant 
Observation.  
Underlying Valuexy means:  
(a) 
the Underlying Value of the Underlying or Underlying(i); or  
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is specified in the applicable Final Terms:  
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or

--- Page 373 ---
Definitions Condition 
 
 
373 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the 
Underlying Value of such Underlyingy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and 
Underlyingy; or  
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy;  
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or  
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula (Underlyingx, Underlyingy), if "Applicable Formula" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination 
of Underlyingx and Underlyingy. 
Unsatisfied Limit Value means the value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Upper Limit means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Sunday, Saturday or a day on 
which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
department of its members be closed for the entire day for purpose of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
U.S. person has the meaning given to it by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
U.S. Securities means any Securities indicated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
VPS means Verdipapirsentralen ASA. 
Weight(i) means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
corresponding to the relevant Underlying(i); for the avoidance of doubt, such Weight(i) may have a 
positive or negative value or, in the case of a number, be higher than or equal to one (1). 
Weight(j) means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
corresponding to the relevant Underlying(j); for the avoidance of doubt, such Weight(j) may have a 
positive or negative value or, in the case of a number, be higher than or equal to one (1). 
Weight(k) means, in respect of the Rainbow Performance, the weighting (percentage or number) 
specified for the rank k, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; for the avoidance of doubt, such 
Weight(k) may have a positive or negative value or, in the case of a number, be higher than or equal to 
one (1). 
WithholdingRated means the withholding rate applied to the gross dividend paid by the Share on the 
relevant Daily Observation Dated expressed as a percentage. 
WithholdingRateid means the withholding rate applied to the gross dividend paid by the Share i on the 
relevant Daily Observation Dated expressed as a percentage. 
X means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 374 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
 
 
374 
ANNEX 1 – ASSET CONDITIONS 
The chapters of this annex each set out additional terms and conditions for Securities linked to one or more 
particular asset classes as specified in the Final Terms and form part of the Additional Conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to Linked Interest Securities or Linked Redemption Securities shall comprise 
the General Conditions, the Definitions Conditions and the Additional Conditions, in each case subject to 
completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions, the 
Definitions Conditions and the Additional Conditions, the Additional Conditions shall prevail. 
The following chapters comprise the terms and conditions (the Asset Conditions) that shall apply to Securities if 
the applicable Final Terms indicate that one or more chapters of the Asset Conditions is applicable. These Asset 
Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
The Asset Conditions are set out as follows:   
Commodity Linked Asset Conditions 
Chapter 1 
Index Linked Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2 
FX Linked Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3 
Inflation Linked Asset Conditions 
Chapter 4 
Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
Chapter 5 
ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6 
Share Linked Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7 
Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8 
Future Linked Asset Conditions 
Chapter 9 
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10

--- Page 375 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 1: Asset Conditions: Commodity Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
375 
Chapter 1: Asset Conditions: Commodity Linked Asset Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities that are Commodity Linked Securities. 
The following terms and conditions (the Commodity Linked Asset Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that Commodity Linked Interest Securities or Commodity Linked Redemption 
Securities is applicable. These Commodity Linked Asset Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with 
the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Commodity Linked Asset Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms 
and Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
References in these Commodity Linked Asset Conditions to a Commodity Linked Asset Condition are to a section 
or clause of these Commodity Linked Asset Conditions. 
1 
COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES 
Unless the Securities are redeemed early in accordance with these Commodity Linked Asset Conditions, 
if the determination of (A) the Interest Amount (in the case of Commodity Linked Interest Securities) or 
(B) (I) the Final Redemption Amount, (II) the Early Redemption Amount or (III) the Instalment 
Redemption Amount (in the case of Commodity Linked Redemption Securities), as the case may be, is 
postponed as a result of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, then: 
(a) 
payment of any such amount (the Affected Amount) will be made on the scheduled date for 
payment of such amount or, if later, on the date falling two (2) Payment Extension Days (or such 
other number of Payment Extension Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) following 
the earlier to occur of (i) the Commodity Determination Date; and (ii) the Disruption Longstop 
Date; and 
(b) 
such Affected Amount shall be paid without any interest or other sum payable in respect of the 
postponement of the payment of the Affected Amount.   
2 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS RELATING TO COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES 
Administrator/Benchmark Event has the meaning given to it in the Definitions . 
Affiliate has the meaning given to it in the Definitions . 
Averaging Date means any Observation Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
such dates are specified, in respect of a Commodity Linked Security where the Commodity Reference 
Price is used to determine an Underlying Value and the applicable Relevant Observation provides that 
"Average Underlying Level" shall apply, each deemed Observation Date which is a Relevant Timing for 
the purposes of calculating the Relevant Observation. 
Averaging Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last 
Commodity Business Day in the sequence of consecutive Commodity Business Days equal to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of 
another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date in respect of the 
relevant Scheduled Observation Date. 
Basket means a basket containing the Commodities (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Business Day has the meaning set out in the Definitions . 
Commodities or Commodity mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Commodity Linked 
Asset Conditions, the commodity (or commodities) or Futures Contract on a commodity (or commodities) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly and for the 
avoidance of doubt, each of climatic variables, freight rates and emissions allowances may be a

--- Page 376 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 1: Asset Conditions: Commodity Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
376 
Commodity for the purposes of these Commodity Linked Asset Conditions and specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Commodity Business Day means: 
(a) 
where the Commodity Reference Price is announced or published by an Exchange, any day that 
is (or, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have been) a day on which 
that Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading sessions and notwithstanding any 
such Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time; 
(b) 
in any other case, a day in respect of which the relevant Price Source published (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have published) a price. 
Commodity Determination Date has the meaning set out in Commodity Linked Asset Condition 3.2 
(Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days). 
Commodity Reference Dealers means that the price for a date will be determined on the basis of 
quotations provided by Reference Dealers on that date of that day's Specified Price for a unit of the 
relevant Commodity for delivery on the Delivery Date, if applicable. If four quotations are provided as 
requested, the price for that date will be the arithmetic mean of the Specified Prices for that Commodity 
provided by each Reference Dealer, without regard to the Specified Prices having the highest and lowest 
values. If exactly three quotations are provided as requested, the price for that date will be the Specified 
Price provided by the relevant Reference Dealer that remains after disregarding the Specified Prices 
having the highest and lowest values. For this purpose, if more than one quotation has the same highest 
value and lowest value, then the Specified Price of one of such quotations shall be disregarded. If fewer 
than three quotations are provided, it will be deemed that the price for the date cannot be determined. 
Commodity Reference Price means, in respect of any Commodity and as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms, the price (A) determined by the Commodity Reference Dealers or (B) defined by specifying 
in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
if that Commodity Reference Price is a price announced or published by an Exchange, (i) the 
relevant Commodity (including, if relevant, the type or grade of that Commodity, the location of 
delivery and any other details); (ii) the relevant Unit; (iii) the relevant Exchange; (iv) the 
Specified Price expressed in the relevant currency and (v) if applicable, the Delivery Date, in 
which case the price for an Observation Date will be that day's Specified Price per Unit of that 
Commodity on that Exchange and, if applicable, for delivery on that Delivery Date, stated in that 
currency, as announced or published by that Exchange on that Observation Date; and 
(b) 
if that Commodity Reference Price is not a price announced or published by an Exchange, (i) the 
relevant Commodity (including, if relevant, the type or grade of that Commodity, the location of 
delivery and any other details); (ii) the relevant Unit; (iii) the relevant Price Source; (iv) the 
Specified Price expressed in the relevant currency and (v) if applicable, the Delivery Date, in 
which case the price for an Observation Date will be that day's Specified Price per Unit of that 
Commodity and, if applicable, for delivery on that Delivery Date, stated in that currency, 
published (or shown) in the issue of that Price Source that reports prices effective on that 
Observation Date. 
Correction Cut-Off Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Delivery Date means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the Nearby Month of expiration of the 
relevant Futures Contract or the relevant date or month for delivery of the relevant Commodity (which 
must be a date or month reported or capable of being determined from information reported in or by the 
relevant Price Source) as follows: 
(a) 
if a date is, or a month and year are, specified in the applicable Final Terms, that date or that 
month and year; and

--- Page 377 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 1: Asset Conditions: Commodity Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
377 
(b) 
if a Nearby Month is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the month of expiration of the 
relevant Futures Contract. 
Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price means 
(a) 
the permanent discontinuation of trading in any relevant Futures Contract on the relevant 
Exchange; 
(b) 
the disappearance of, or of trading in, the relevant Commodity; 
(c) 
the disappearance or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of a Commodity Reference 
Price, notwithstanding the availability of the related Price Source or the status of trading in the 
relevant Futures Contract or Commodity; or 
(d) 
the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Commodity (or, in the case of a Basket of Commodities, in respect 
of any Commodity comprising the Basket and observed separately), any Commodity Business Day on 
which (A) the Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or (B) a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred. 
Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, the last 
Commodity Business Day in the sequence of consecutive Commodity Business Days equal to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Exchange means, in relation to a Commodity, the exchange or principal trading market for such 
Commodity specified in the applicable Final Terms or in the Commodity Reference Price. 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount has the meaning set out in the Definitions . 
Futures Contract means, with respect to a Commodity Reference Price and an Observation Date, a 
contract for future delivery of a contract size of the Commodity referenced in that Commodity Reference 
Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that: 
(a) 
if a particular date or month is specified as the Delivery Date in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Futures Contract will be the Futures Contract providing for delivery on that date or 
month; 
(b) 
if First Nearby Month, Second Nearby Month etc. is specified as the Delivery Date in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Futures Contract will be accordingly the first Futures 
Contract, the second Futures Contract etc. to expire on or following the relevant Observation 
Date; 
(c) 
if the Observation Date falls within the notice period for delivery of a Commodity under such 
Futures Contract (in accordance with the terms of such Futures Contract), then the relevant 
Futures Contract will be the second Futures Contract to expire on or following the relevant 
Observation Date. 
Material Change in Content means the occurrence since the Trade Date of a material change in the 
content, composition or constitution of the relevant Commodity or Futures Contract. 
Material Change in Formula means the occurrence since the Trade Date of a material change in the 
formula for or method of calculating the relevant Commodity Reference Price. 
Maximum Days of Disruption means five (5) Commodity Business Days or such other number of 
Commodity Business Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Nearby Month, when preceded by an ordinal adjective, means, in respect of a date, the month of 
expiration of the Futures Contract identified by that ordinal adjective, so that: (i) First Nearby Month

--- Page 378 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 1: Asset Conditions: Commodity Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
378 
means the month of expiration of the first Futures Contract to expire following that date; (ii) Second 
Nearby Month means the month of expiration of the second Futures Contract to expire following that 
date; and, for example, (iii) Sixth Nearby Month means the month of expiration of the sixth Futures 
Contract to expire following that date. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise deemed 
to be an Observation Date in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, or if any such date is not a 
Commodity Business Day and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the immediately 
following Commodity Business Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions of Commodity Linked Asset 
Condition 3.2 (Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days) below shall apply. 
Payment Extension Day means a day, which is a Payment Business Day. 
Price Source means the publication (or such other origin of reference, including an Exchange) containing 
(or reporting) the Relevant Price (or prices from which the Relevant Price is calculated) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of the relevant Commodity Reference Price. 
Price Source Disruption means: 
(a) 
the failure of the relevant Price Source to announce or publish the Specified Price (or the 
information necessary for determining the Specified Price) for the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price; 
(b) 
the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the Price Source; 
(c) 
if the Commodity Reference Price is "Commodity Reference Dealers", the failure to obtain at 
least three quotations as requested from the relevant Reference Dealers; or 
(d) 
if a Price Materiality Percentage is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Specified Price 
for the relevant Commodity Reference Price differs from the Specified Price determined in 
accordance with the Commodity Reference Price "Commodity Reference Dealers" by such Price 
Materiality Percentage. 
Price Materiality Percentage means the percentage (if any) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Reference Dealers means, in respect of a Commodity for which the Commodity Reference Price is 
"Commodity Reference Dealers", the four dealers specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if dealers 
are not so specified, four leading dealers in the relevant market selected by the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion. 
Relevant Commodity Benchmark means, in respect of the Securities: 
(a) 
a Commodity Reference Price (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that 
is referred to in the Commodity Reference Price); or 
(b) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified as a "Relevant Commodity Benchmark" in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Price means, in respect of an Observation Date, the price, expressed as a price per Unit, 
determined with respect to that Observation Date for the specified Commodity Reference Price. 
Scheduled Observation Date means any original date that, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption 
Event, would have been an Observation Date. 
Specified Price means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, any of the following prices (which 
must be a price reported in or by, or capable of being determined from information reported in or by, the

--- Page 379 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 1: Asset Conditions: Commodity Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
379 
relevant Price Source) (and, if applicable, as of the time so specified): (A) the high price; (B) the low 
price; (C) the average of the high price and the low price; (D) the closing price; (E) the opening price; (F) 
the bid price; (G) the asked price; (H) the average of the bid price and the asked price; (I) the settlement 
price; (J) the official settlement price; (K) the official price; (L) the morning fixing; (M) the afternoon 
fixing; (N) the fixing; or (O) the spot price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Tax Disruption means the imposition of, change in or removal of an excise, severance, sales, use, value-
added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or measured by reference to the relevant 
Commodity or Futures Contract (other than a tax on, or measured by reference to, overall gross or net 
income) by any government or taxation authority after the Trade Date, if the direct effect of such 
imposition, change or removal is to raise or lower the Relevant Price on the day on which the Commodity 
Reference Price would otherwise be determined from what it would have been without that imposition, 
change or removal. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Trading Disruption means the material suspension of, or the material limitation imposed on, trading in 
the Futures Contract or the relevant Commodity on the relevant Exchange or in any additional futures 
contract, options contract or commodity on any Exchange. For these purposes: 
(a) 
a suspension of the trading in the Futures Contract or the relevant Commodity on any Commodity 
Business Day shall be deemed to be material only if: 
(i) 
all trading in such Futures Contract or Commodity is suspended for the entire 
Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
all trading in such Futures Contract or Commodity is suspended subsequent to the 
opening of trading on the Observation Date, trading does not recommence prior to the 
regularly scheduled close of trading in such Futures Contract or such Commodity on 
such Observation Date and such suspension is announced less than one hour preceding 
its commencement; and 
(b) 
a limitation of trading in the Futures Contract or the relevant Commodity on any Commodity 
Business Day shall be deemed to be material only if the relevant Exchange establishes limits on 
the range within which the price of the Futures Contract or the Commodity may fluctuate and 
the closing or settlement price of the Futures Contract or the Commodity on such day is at the 
upper or lower limit of that range. 
Unit means, in respect of Commodity, the unit of measure of the relevant Commodity, as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
3 
EVENTS RELATING TO COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES 
3.1 
Market Disruption Events 
Market Disruption Event means, with respect to a Commodity, any of the following events as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(b) 
Trading Disruption; 
(c) 
Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price; 
(d) 
Material Change in Formula; 
(e) 
Material Change in Content; or 
(f) 
Tax Disruption.

--- Page 380 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 1: Asset Conditions: Commodity Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
380 
The occurrence of a Market Disruption Event shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith. 
3.2 
Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days 
(a) 
If, in the case of Commodity Linked Securities relating to a single Commodity, an Observation 
Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Calculation Agent may: 
(i) 
postpone the Observation Date, in which case the Observation Date shall be the next 
Commodity Business Day which is not a Disrupted Day (the Commodity 
Determination Date), unless each consecutive Commodity Business Day up to and 
including the Disruption Longstop Date is a Disrupted Day, in which case (A) the 
Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the Observation Date, notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine, 
in good faith, the Relevant Price for such Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
determine the Relevant Price (or a method for determining a Relevant Price) for such 
day, taking into consideration the latest available quotation for the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price and any other information that in good faith it deems relevant. 
(b) 
If, in the case of Commodity Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Commodities, an 
Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
if "Common Pricing" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, no date 
will be an Observation Date unless such date is a day on which all referenced 
Commodity Reference Prices (for which such date would otherwise be an Observation 
Date) are published or announced; or 
(ii) 
if "Common Pricing" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be not applicable, (1) 
for each Commodity not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the Observation 
Date shall be the Scheduled Observation Date; and (2) for each Commodity affected by 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (each an Affected Commodity), the Calculation 
Agent may: 
(A) 
postpone the Observation Date, in which case the Observation Date shall be 
the Commodity Determination Date relating to such Affected Commodity, 
unless each consecutive Commodity Business Day up to and including the 
Disruption Longstop Date is a Disrupted Day relating to such Affected 
Commodity, in which case (I) the Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed 
to be the Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day relating to the relevant Affected Commodity and (II) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine for such day, in good faith, the fair market 
value of the relevant Affected Commodity; in case of multiple Affected 
Commodities, the latest Commodity Determination Date will be the 
Commodity Determination Date for the purpose of Commodity Linked Asset 
Condition 1(a) above; or 
(B) 
determine the Relevant Price (or a method for determining a Relevant Price) 
for the Relevant Affected Commodity, taking into consideration the latest 
available quotation for the relevant Commodity Reference Price and any other 
information that in good faith it deems relevant. 
(c) 
If the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine the Relevant Price in accordance 
with Commodity Linked Asset Condition 3.2(a) or Commodity Linked Asset Condition 3.2(b) 
above, as the case may be, or if such determination would not, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, account for the occurrence of the Disrupted Day: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it 
considers appropriate to account for any such Market Disruption Event and determine

--- Page 381 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 1: Asset Conditions: Commodity Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
381 
the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; in making any such 
adjustments, the Calculation Agent may take into account the equivalent adjustment(s) 
which would be made to a commodity derivative transaction in the interbank market 
following the relevant event occurring and where the Calculation Agent deems 
appropriate (in its sole and absolute discretion), adjust the Conditions to give effect to 
such adjustment(s); or 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments for the 
purposes of sub-paragraph (i) above, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed 
by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(d) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply.  
(e) 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any 
Observation Date. Such notice shall give the details of such Disrupted Day and the action 
proposed to be taken by the Calculation Agent in relation thereto. 
3.3 
Averaging Date Disruption 
If any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then, where the consequence specified for "Averaging Date 
Disruption" in the applicable Final Terms is: 
(a) 
"Omission", then such Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Date for 
purposes of determining the relevant Commodity Reference Price, and if through the operation 
of this provision no Averaging Date would occur with respect to the relevant Observation Date, 
Commodity Linked Asset Condition 3.2 will apply for purposes of determining the relevant price 
or amount on the final Averaging Date in respect of that Observation Date as if such final 
Averaging Date were an Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day; 
(b) 
"Postponement", then Commodity Linked Asset Condition 3.2 will apply for purposes of 
determining the relevant price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were 
an Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, pursuant to such 
determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a date that already is or is deemed to 
be an Averaging Date for the relevant Commodity; or 
(c) 
"Modified Postponement", then: 
(i) 
in the case of a Basket of Commodities, the Averaging Date for each Commodity not 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as an Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Observation 
Date and the Averaging Date for any Commodity affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Commodity Business Day in relation to such 
Commodity, and if the first succeeding Commodity Business Day has not occurred prior 
to the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date, then (A) the Averaging Disruption 
Longstop Date shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such day 
is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with Commodity 
Linked Asset Condition 3.2; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Commodity Business Day, 
and if the first succeeding Commodity Business Day has not occurred prior to the

--- Page 382 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 1: Asset Conditions: Commodity Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
382 
Averaging Disruption Longstop Date, then (A) the Averaging Disruption Longstop 
Date shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such day is already 
an Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or 
amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with Commodity Linked Asset Condition 
3.2. 
3.4 
Correction to Published Prices 
(a) 
For purposes of determining or calculating the Relevant Price for any day, if "Correction of 
Commodity Prices" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable and the price 
published or announced on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to 
determine the Relevant Price in respect of that day is subsequently corrected and the correction 
(the Corrected Relevant Price) is published or announced by the person responsible for that 
publication or announcement prior to the relevant Correction Cut-Off Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, shall determine what, if any, 
adjustments to make to the Relevant Price for that day, using such corrected price. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any Corrected Relevant Price published on or after the relevant Correction 
Cut-Off Date shall be disregarded. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, General Condition 12.3(f) will apply.  
(b) 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the relevant Issuer of any such correction, the revised 
Relevant Price and, if any amount (the Actual Amount) has been paid to Securityholders on the 
basis of the original Relevant Price, the amount that should have been paid or delivered to the 
Securityholders on the basis of the corrected Relevant Price (the Adjusted Amount). Upon 
being notified of the Adjusted Amount, the relevant Issuer may (but shall not be obligated to) 
take such action as it considers necessary or appropriate to either pay additional amounts (if the 
Adjusted Amount is greater than the Actual Amount) or recover amounts (if the Adjusted 
Amount is less than the Actual Amount) from the person to whom the Actual Amounts were 
paid (including, for the purposes of recoveries by the relevant Issuer, by deducting from each 
Interest Amount payable on the next following Interest Payment Date (if any) an amount equal 
to each Security's pro rata share of an amount equal to the Actual Amount minus the Adjustment 
Amount, provided that each Interest Amount shall be subject to a minimum of zero). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, under no circumstances shall the relevant Issuer be obligated to 
recover any moneys from any relevant Clearing System. The Calculation Agent shall not be 
obliged to make any determination under this paragraph (b) and shall have no liability to any 
person for any determination made or not made under this paragraph (b). 
(c) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, determines 
that the price published or announced on a given day and used or to be used by it to determine 
the Relevant Price in respect of that day is expected to be subsequently corrected, then the 
Calculation Agent may, in its sole discretion, delay the determination or calculation of the 
Relevant Price in respect of such day and instead notify the relevant Issuer of the expected 
correction. If the Calculation Agent notifies the relevant Issuer of an expected correction to a 
Relevant Price, the relevant Issuer shall not make any payments until the Calculation Agent 
determines or calculates the correct Relevant Price and the day on which such payments are due 
shall be delayed to the same extent as was the determination or calculation of the correct Relevant 
Price. No additional amounts shall be payable as a result of any such delay.

--- Page 383 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 1: Asset Conditions: Commodity Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
383 
3.5 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or 
(provided that the Securities are not Italian Listed Securities) Increased Cost of Hedging, in each 
case unless disapplied in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means, unless Change in Law is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that, on or after the Trade Date, (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the relevant Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (i) it has 
become illegal for the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant hedge positions relating to a Commodity or 
Futures Contract or the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates is unable to maintain the agreements entered into in respect of such hedge positions or 
(ii) the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates will incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Securities (or any relevant hedge 
positions relating to a Commodity or Futures Contract) (including, without limitation, due to any 
increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that: 
(a) 
In respect of Securities which are not Italian Listed Securities, the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge any relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (if applicable), in issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Securities, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, 
repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
(b) 
In respect of Securities which are Italian Listed Securities, Hedging Disruption means, 
unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts and as a result of an 
event which is beyond the control of such Issuer, Guarantor (if applicable) and/or 
Affiliate(s) (including, without limitation, any force majeure, act of state, change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken 
by a taxing authority), to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant 
price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor, (if applicable), issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Italian Listed Securities, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or 
transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
and/or any of their respective Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including,

--- Page 384 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 1: Asset Conditions: Commodity Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
384 
without limitation, commodity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (if applicable), in issuing and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) 
or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or 
any of their respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
Where "Additional Disruption Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable and if an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the relevant Issuer in its sole and 
absolute discretion may: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it 
considers appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to account for such Additional 
Disruption Event and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be 
effective; or 
(ii) 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed 
by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) 
stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
3.6 
Other Events 
This Condition will apply to the Securities unless specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these Commodity Linked Asset Conditions, if any 
other event occurs which the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on 
the Securities, then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate to account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which any such 
adjustments will be effective; or 
(b) 
the relevant Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this Commodity Linked Asset Condition 
3.6, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 14 (Notices) giving details of such determination. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply.

--- Page 385 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Asset Conditions: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
385 
Chapter 2: Asset Conditions: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities that are Index Linked Securities. 
The following terms and conditions (the Index Linked Asset Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that Index Linked Interest Securities or Index Linked Redemption Securities is 
applicable. These Index Linked Asset Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Index Linked Asset Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and 
Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
References in these Index Linked Asset Conditions to an Index Linked Asset Condition are to a section or clause 
of these Index Linked Asset Conditions. 
1 
INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
Unless the Securities are redeemed early in accordance with these Index Linked Asset Conditions, if the 
determination of (A) the Interest Amount (in the case of Index Linked Interest Securities) or (B) (I) the 
Final Redemption Amount, (II) the Early Redemption Amount or (III) the Instalment Redemption 
Amount (in the case of Index Linked Redemption Securities), as the case may be, is postponed as a result 
of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
payment of any such amount (the Affected Amount) will be made on the scheduled date for 
payment of such amount or, if later, on the date falling two (2) Payment Extension Days (or such 
other number of Payment Extension Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) following 
the earlier to occur of (i) the Index Determination Date; and (ii) the Disruption Longstop Date; 
and 
(b) 
such Affected Amount shall be paid without any interest or other sum payable in respect of the 
postponement of the payment of the Affected Amount. 
2 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS RELATING TO INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
Administrator/Benchmark Event has the meaning given to it in the Definitions . 
Affiliate has the meaning set out in the Definitions . 
Averaging Date means any Observation Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
such dates are specified, in respect of an Index Linked Security where the Index Level is used to determine 
an Underlying Value and the applicable Relevant Observation provides that "Average Underlying Level" 
shall apply, each deemed Observation Date which is a Relevant Timing for the purposes of calculating 
the Relevant Observation. 
Averaging Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last 
Scheduled Trading Day in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another 
Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date in respect of the relevant 
Scheduled Observation Date. 
Basket means a basket containing the Indices specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relative 
proportions as specified in the Final Terms. 
Clearance System means the clearance system specified as such for each Component Security of the 
Index in the Final Terms or any successor to such clearance system as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. If the Final Terms does not specify a Clearance System, the Clearance System will be the principal 
domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades in the relevant Component Security. If the

--- Page 386 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Asset Conditions: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
386 
Clearance System ceases to settle trades in such Component Security, the Calculation Agent will 
determine what is deemed to be the relevant Clearing System. 
Clearance System Business Day means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such 
Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open 
for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
Component Security means, in respect of an Index, each component security of the Index. 
Custom Index means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Index Linked Asset Conditions, an 
index specified as a "Custom Index" in the applicable Final Terms and Custom Indices and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Disrupted Day means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Equity Index (or, in the case of a Basket of Equity Indices, in respect of any 
Equity Index comprising the Basket and observed separately): 
(i) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
any Scheduled Trading Day related to such Equity Index on which: (A) a relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading 
session; or (B) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or 
(ii) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any 
Scheduled Trading Day related to such Equity Index on which: (A) the Index Sponsor 
fails to publish the level of the Equity Index; (B) the Related Exchange fails to open for 
trading during its regular trading session; or (C) a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred. 
(b) 
in respect of a Custom Index (or, in the case of a Basket of Custom Indices, in respect of any 
Custom Index comprising the Basket and observed separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last Scheduled 
Trading Day in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Equity Index means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Index Linked Asset Conditions, an 
index that is not specified as a "Custom Index" in the applicable Final Terms and Equity Indices and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Exchange means, in respect of an Index: 
(a) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, each 
exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Index in the applicable Final Terms, 
any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in the securities comprising such Index has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative 
to the securities comprising such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation 
system as on the original Exchange); and 
(b) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of 
each Component Security of the Index, the exchange or quotation system on which such 
Component Security is mainly traded. 
Exchange Business Day means either (a) in the case of a single Index, Exchange Business Day (Single 
Index Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (i) the Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) 
or (ii) the Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If no

--- Page 387 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Asset Conditions: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
387 
Exchange Business Day is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day 
(All Indices Basis) shall be deemed to apply for a Basket of Indices and Exchange Business Day (Single 
Index Basis) shall apply otherwise. 
Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) means in respect of all Indices comprised in a Basket 
(a) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms for an Index, 
each Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for 
trading during their respective regular trading sessions in respect of such Indices, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time; or 
(b) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms for an Index, 
each Scheduled Trading Day on which: 
(i) 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective 
regular trading sessions in respect of the Index to which Multiple Exchange is specified 
as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, notwithstanding any such Exchange 
or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; and 
(ii) 
in respect of an Index to which Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms (A) the Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Index; and 
(B) each Related Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session in 
respect of such Index, notwithstanding any such Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis) means in respect of any Index comprised in a Basket: 
(a) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms for such 
Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in 
respect of such Index are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing 
Time; or 
(b) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms for such Index, 
any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Index; 
and (ii) the Related Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session, 
notwithstanding such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis) means in respect of an Index 
(a) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange are 
open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such 
relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which: (i) the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Index; and (ii) 
the relevant Related Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session in respect of 
such Index, notwithstanding such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount has the meaning set out in the Definitions . 
Index means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Index Linked Asset Conditions, an Equity 
Index or a Custom Index and Indices and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. For the 
avoidance of doubt, an Index shall never be composed by the Issuer or another entity of the Group.

--- Page 388 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Asset Conditions: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
388 
Index Determination Date has the meaning set out in Index Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b) 
(Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days). 
Index Level means, in respect of an Index and a given Scheduled Trading Day, the level of such Index 
published by the Index Sponsor at the Valuation Time on that Scheduled Trading Day, as adjusted (if 
applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Index Linked Asset Condition 3 (Events relating to Index Linked 
Securities) below unless the Calculation Agent determines that in accordance with market conventions, 
such method of determining the Index Level is not appropriate in which case the Index Level shall be 
determined in the manner elected by the Calculation Agent, having regard to such market conventions. 
Index Sponsor means, in respect of an Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for 
setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, 
related to such Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on a regular 
basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, which as of the Issue Date of the Securities is the index sponsor 
specified for such Index in the applicable Final Terms. 
Issue Date has the meaning set out in the Definitions . 
Maximum Days of Disruption means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such other number of 
Scheduled Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise deemed 
to be an Observation Date in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, or if any such date is not an 
Scheduled Trading Day and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the immediately 
following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions of Index Linked Asset Condition 
3.1(b) (Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days) below shall apply. 
Payment Extension Day means a day, which is a Payment Business Day. 
Related Exchange means, in respect of an Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as such 
for such Index in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such 
Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Index on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where "All 
Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, Related Exchange shall 
mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Index. 
Relevant Index Benchmark means, in respect of the Securities: 
(a) 
an Index; or 
(b) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified as a "Relevant Index Benchmark" in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and an Scheduled 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading 
session hours. 
Scheduled Observation Date means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
Scheduled Trading Day means either (i) in the case of a single Index, Scheduled Trading Day (Single 
Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) or 
(b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 389 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Asset Conditions: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
389 
provided that if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All 
Indices Basis) shall apply for a Basket of Indices and Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis) shall 
apply otherwise. 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Basket of Indices, any day on which the conditions in (b) and, as the case may be, 
(c) below, are met in respect of all Indices included in the Basket; 
(b) 
in respect of any Equity Index: 
(i) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange in respect of each such 
Equity Index are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading 
sessions; and 
(ii) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any 
day on which: (A) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of the Equity 
Index; and (B) each Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular 
trading session; and 
(c) 
in respect of a Custom Index, any day on, or, as the case may be, in respect of, which the Index 
Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of the Custom Index. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis) means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Equity Index: 
(i) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
any day on which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Equity 
Index are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions; 
or 
(ii) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any 
day on which: (A) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Equity 
Index; and (B) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular 
trading session; and  
(b) 
in respect of a Custom Index, any day on, or, as the case may be, in respect of, which the Index 
Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Custom Index. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis) means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Equity Index: 
(i) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
any day on which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Equity 
Index are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions; 
or 
(ii) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any 
day on which: (A) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Equity 
Index; and (B) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular 
trading session; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Custom Index, any day on, or, as the case may be, in respect of, which the Index 
Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Custom Index.

--- Page 390 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Asset Conditions: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
390 
Settlement Cycle means the period of Clearance System Business Days following a trade in the shares 
underlying of the Index on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules 
of such Exchange (or if there are Multiple Exchanges in respect of an Index, the longest such period). 
Settlement Disruption Event means, in respect of a Component Security, an event beyond the control 
of the Issuer as a result of which the relevant Clearance System cannot clear the transfer of such 
Component Security. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Valuation Time means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Equity Index to be valued: 
(i) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if "Closing" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, the 
Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant date, 
provided that if the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time; or 
(B) 
if "Intraday" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, any 
time from the opening time for the regular trading session for the relevant 
Exchange or related Exchange to the Scheduled Closing Time for that 
Exchange or Related Exchange on the relevant date; or 
(ii) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred: (A) in respect of any Component Security, the Scheduled Closing 
Time on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security, and (B) in 
respect of any options contracts or future contracts on the Equity Index, the 
close of trading on the Related Exchange; and 
(B) 
in all other circumstances: 
(I) 
if "Closing" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
applicable, the time at which the official closing level of the Equity 
Index is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor on the relevant 
date; or 
(II) 
if "Intraday" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
applicable, any time at which the level of the Equity Index is 
calculated and published by the Index Sponsor from the opening time 
for the regular trading session for the relevant Exchange or related 
Exchange to the Scheduled Closing Time for that Exchange or 
Related Exchange on the relevant date; and 
(b) 
in the case of a Custom Index, the time at which the Index Sponsor calculates and publishes the 
official closing level of such Custom Index; or 
(c) 
the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 391 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Asset Conditions: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
391 
3 
EVENTS RELATING TO INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
3.1 
Market Disruption Events, Disrupted Days and Consequences 
(a) 
Definitions 
Early Closure means, in respect of an Equity Index: 
(a) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day with respect to such Equity Index of any 
relevant Exchange(s) relating to Component Securities that comprise 20 per cent. or 
more of the level of such Equity Index or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual 
closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related 
Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for 
orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the 
Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; or 
(b) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in respect of any Component 
Security or the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such 
earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may 
be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of: (i) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such 
Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into 
the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time 
on such Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange Disruption means, in respect of an Equity Index: 
(a) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for on any relevant Exchange(s) in Component Securities 
that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Equity Index, or (ii) to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating 
to the relevant Equity Index on any relevant Related Exchange; or 
(b) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any 
event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for: (i) any Component Security on the Exchange in respect 
of such Component Security; or (ii) futures or options contracts relating to the Equity 
Index on the Related Exchange. 
Trading Disruption means, in respect of an Equity Index, any suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by 
reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to (i) if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, Component Securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level 
of such Equity Index on any relevant Exchange(s) or (ii) if Multiple Exchange is specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any Component Security on the Exchange in respect 
of such Component Security or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to such Equity Index 
on any relevant Related Exchange. 
Market Disruption Event means:

--- Page 392 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Asset Conditions: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
392 
(a) 
in respect of an Equity Index: 
(i) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the occurrence or existence of (A) a Trading Disruption which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one-hour 
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, (B) an Exchange Disruption 
which the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the 
one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (C) an Early 
Closure; for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event 
exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a 
Component Security included in such Equity Index at any time, then the 
relevant percentage contribution of that Component Security to the level of 
such Equity Index shall be based on a comparison of (I) the portion of the level 
of such Equity Index attributable to that Component Security and (II) the 
overall level of the Equity Index, in each case immediately before the 
occurrence of such Market Disruption Event; or 
(ii) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, either: 
(A) 
(I) the occurrence or existence in respect of any Component Security 
of (1) a Trading Disruption which the Calculation Agent determines 
is material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the 
relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which such 
Component Security is principally traded, (2) an Exchange 
Disruption which the Calculation Agent determines is material, at 
any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which such 
Component Security is principally traded, or (3) an Early Closure and 
(II) the aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of which a 
Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure 
occurs or exists comprises 20 per cent. or more of the level of the 
Equity Index; or 
(B) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts 
relating to the Equity Index, of: (I) a Trading Disruption which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one 
hour period that ends at the Valuation Time in respect of the Related 
Exchange; (II) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one 
hour period that ends at the Valuation Time in respect of the Related 
Exchange; or (III) an Early Closure, 
and for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists 
at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a Component 
Security included in such Equity Index at any time, then the relevant 
percentage contribution of that Component Security to the level of such Equity 
Index shall be based on a comparison of (I) the portion of the level of such 
Equity attributable to that Component Security and (II) the overall level of the 
Equity Index, in each case using the official opening weightings as published 
by the Index Sponsor as part of the market "opening data"; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Custom Index, the failure by the Index Sponsor to calculate and publish 
the level of the Custom Index on any Scheduled Trading Day or in respect of such 
Scheduled Trading Day within the scheduled timeframe for publication. 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days

--- Page 393 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Asset Conditions: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
393 
(i) 
If an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(A) 
in the case of Index Linked Securities relating to a single Index, the Calculation 
Agent will postpone the Observation Date, in which case the Observation Date 
shall be the first immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day (the Index Determination Date), unless each consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day up to and including the Disruption Longstop Date is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case (I) the Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed 
to be the Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the 
Index as of the Valuation Time on the Disruption Longstop Date, in the case 
of an Equity Index, in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating the Equity Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first 
Disruption Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation 
Time on the Disruption Longstop Date of each security comprised in the 
Equity Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in 
respect of the relevant security on the Disruption Longstop Date, its good faith 
estimate of the value of the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on that 
Disruption Longstop Date) or, in the case of a Custom Index, in accordance 
with the rules governing the Custom Index; and 
(B) 
in the case of Index Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Indices: 
(I) 
for each Index not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the 
Observation Date shall be the Scheduled Observation Date; and 
(II) 
for each Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (each 
an Affected Index), the Calculation Agent will postpone the 
Observation Date, in which case the Observation Date shall be the 
Index Determination Date relating to such Affected Index, unless 
each consecutive Scheduled Trading Day up to and including the 
Disruption Longstop Date is a Disrupted Day relating to such 
Affected Index, in which case (1) the Disruption Longstop Date shall 
be deemed to be the Observation Date for the relevant Affected Index, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the relevant Affected 
Index as of the Valuation Time on the Disruption Longstop Date, in 
the case of an Equity Index, in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculating the Affected Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or 
quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the Disruption Longstop 
Date of each security comprised in the Affected Index (or, if an event 
giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant 
security on the Disruption Longstop Date, its good faith estimate of 
the value of the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on that 
Disruption Longstop Date) or, in the case of a Custom Index, in 
accordance with the rules governing the Custom Index; in case of 
multiple Affected Indices, the latest Index Determination Date will be 
the Index Determination Date for the purpose of Index Linked Asset 
Condition 1(a) above. 
(ii) 
If the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine the level of the Index in 
accordance with Index Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b)(i)(A) or Index Linked Asset 
Condition 3.1(b)(i)(B) above, as the case may be, or if such determination would not, 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, account for the occurrence of the Disrupted 
Day:

--- Page 394 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Asset Conditions: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
394 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as 
it considers appropriate to account for any such Disrupted Day and determine 
the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective. In making any 
such adjustments, the Calculation Agent may take into account the equivalent 
adjustment(s) which would be made to an index derivative transaction in the 
market following the relevant event occurring and where the Calculation Agent 
deems appropriate (in its sole and absolute discretion), adjust the Conditions 
to give effect to such adjustment(s); or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments 
for the purposes of sub-paragraph (A) above, the Issuer may, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the 
Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to 
the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices). 
(iii) 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
on an Observation Date. Such notice shall give the details of such Disrupted Day and 
the action proposed to be taken by the Calculation Agent in relation thereto. 
(iv) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
(c) 
Averaging Date Disruption 
If any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then, where the consequence specified for "Averaging 
Date Disruption" in the applicable Final Terms is: 
(i) 
"Omission", then such Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging 
Date for purposes of determining the relevant Index Level, and if through the operation 
of this provision no Averaging Date would occur with respect to the relevant 
Observation Date, Index Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b) will apply for purposes of 
determining the relevant price or amount on the final Averaging Date in respect of that 
Observation Date as if such final Averaging Date were an Observation Date that was a 
Disrupted Day; 
(ii) 
"Postponement", then Index Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b) will apply for purposes of 
determining the relevant price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging 
Date were an Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, 
pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a date that 
already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date for the relevant Index; or 
(iii) 
"Modified Postponement", then: 
(A) 
in the case of a Basket of Indices, the Averaging Date for each Index not 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as an Averaging Date in respect of the relevant 
Observation Date and the Averaging Date for any Index affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day in relation to such Index, and if the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day has not occurred prior to the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date, then 
(I) the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed the Averaging 
Date (irrespective of whether such day is already an Averaging Date), and (II)

--- Page 395 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Asset Conditions: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
395 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or amount for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with Index Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b); and 
(B) 
otherwise, the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day, and if the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day has not occurred prior 
to the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date, then (I) the Averaging Disruption 
Longstop Date shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether 
such day is already an Averaging Date), and (II) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance 
with Index Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b). 
3.2 
Index Adjustments 
(a) 
Successor Index / Sponsor 
If a relevant Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by a 
successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially 
similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Index, then in 
each case that index (the Successor Index) will be deemed to be the Index. 
(b) 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index and Administrator/Benchmark Event 
(i) 
If: 
(A) 
on or prior to an Observation Date, the relevant Index Sponsor makes or 
announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method 
of calculating a relevant Index or in any other way materially modifies that 
Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to 
maintain that Index in the event of changes in constituent securities and 
capitalisation and other routine events) (an Index Modification), or 
permanently cancels a relevant Index and no Successor Index exists (an Index 
Cancellation); 
(B) 
on any Observation Date, the Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a 
relevant Index (an Index Disruption); or 
(C) 
on or prior to any Observation Date, an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
occurs (together with an Index Modification, an Index Cancellation and an 
Index Disruption, each an Index Adjustment Event), 
(ii) 
then the Calculation Agent may: 
(A) 
determine to substitute the Index with a Substitution Index, where a 
Substitution Index means in relation to the Index affected by an Index 
Adjustment Event and at the discretion of the Calculation Agent, an index 
whose principal terms are equivalent to those of the affected Index. Principal 
terms of an index include its strategy, its currency, the periodicity of its 
calculation and of the publication of its level, the type of its underlying assets, 
its geographic and economic zone or its rules; or 
(B) 
determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the 
Securities and, if so, shall calculate the relevant level of the Index, using, in 
lieu of a published level for that Index, the level for that Index as at the 
Valuation Time on that Observation Date, as the case may be, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating that Index last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation,

--- Page 396 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Asset Conditions: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
396 
but using only those Component Securities that comprised that Index 
immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event; or 
(C) 
calculate, on a date it has determined in a reasonable amount of time after the 
occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event (the Security Amount 
Determination Date), the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount of the 
Security in its sole and absolute discretion and, the relevant Issuer shall, upon 
giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to lower of (I) the Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount as at the Security Amount Determination Date and (II) 
the principal amount of the Security as at the Security Amount Determination 
Date. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders, upon request, in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices). 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the relevant Agent of any 
determination made by it pursuant to this paragraph (b) and the action proposed to be taken in 
relation thereto and such Agent shall make available for inspection by Securityholders, upon 
request, copies of any such determinations. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
3.3 
Correction of the level of the Index 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three (3) Exchange Business Days 
prior to the due date for any payment under the Securities calculated by reference to the level of an Index, 
in the event that any price or level published by the Index Sponsor and which is used for any calculation 
or determination made in respect of the Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction is 
published by the Index Sponsor within one Settlement Cycle after the original publication, the Calculation 
Agent will determine whether any relevant adjustments need to be made to the Securities to account for 
such correction and, to the extent necessary, will adjust the terms of the Securities to reflect such 
correction.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
3.4 
Additional Disruption Event 
(a) 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Dividend 
Disruption and/or (provided that the Securities are not Italian Listed Securities) Increased Cost 
of Hedging, in each case unless disapplied in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means, unless Change in Law is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that, on or after the Trade Date, (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the relevant Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (i) it has 
become illegal for the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of Component Securities or relevant hedge positions 
relating to an Index, or (ii) the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Securities

--- Page 397 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Asset Conditions: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
397 
(or any relevant hedge positions relating to an Index) (including, without limitation, due to any 
increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that: 
(a) 
In respect of Securities which are not Italian Listed Securities, the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge any relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable), and/or any of their respective Affiliate in 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (ii) realise, 
recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s). 
(b) 
In respect of Securities which are Italian Listed Securities, Hedging Disruption means, 
unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts and as a result of an 
event which is beyond the control of such Issuer, Guarantor (if applicable) and/or 
Affiliate(s) (including, without limitation, any force majeure, act of state, change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken 
by a taxing authority), to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant 
price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates, issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Italian Listed Securities, or (ii) realise, 
recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
and/or any of their respective Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk 
including but not limited to the currency risk of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) 
and/or any of their respective Affiliates, in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to 
the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration 
of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any of their 
respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Dividend Disruption means, unless Dividend Disruption is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, any of the following events in respect of a gross cash dividend declared 
by the issuer of a Component Security in a relevant Index to holders of record for such 
Component Security (a Declared Dividend): 
(i) 
the gross amount deemed to be paid by such issuer of the Component Security to the 
holders of record of the Component Security (notwithstanding that such payment is 
made to either any relevant taxing authority or holders of record) is not equal to the 
Declared Dividend (a Dividend Mismatch);

--- Page 398 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Asset Conditions: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
398 
(ii) 
the issuer of the Component Security fails to make any payment or delivery in respect 
of that Declared Dividend by the third Scheduled Trading Day following the relevant 
due date (a Dividend Nonpayment); or 
(iii) 
the issuer of the Component Security notifies all holders of record of the relevant 
Component Security that that the Declared Dividend will no longer be paid (a Dividend 
Cancellation). 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
Where "Additional Disruption Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable and if an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the relevant Issuer may in its sole and 
absolute discretion: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to account for such Additional Disruption 
Event and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(ii) 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed 
by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) 
stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
3.5 
Other Events 
This Condition will apply to the Securities unless specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these Index Linked Asset Conditions, if any other 
event occurs which the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on the 
Securities, then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate to account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which any such 
adjustments will be effective; or 
(b) 
the relevant Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this Index Linked Asset Condition 3.5 
(Other Events), the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) giving details of such determination. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply.

--- Page 399 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
399 
Chapter 3: Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities that are FX Linked Securities or to which the 
Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature or Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature applies. 
The following terms and conditions (the FX Linked Asset Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the applicable 
Final Terms indicate that FX Linked Interest Securities or FX Linked Redemption Securities is applicable. These 
FX Linked Asset Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these FX Linked Asset Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and 
Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
References in these FX Linked Asset Conditions to an FX Linked Asset Condition are to a section or clause of 
these FX Linked Asset Conditions. 
1 
FX LINKED SECURITIES 
Unless the Securities are redeemed early in accordance with these FX Linked Asset Conditions, if the 
determination of (A) the Interest Amount (in the case of FX Linked Interest Securities) or (B) (I) the Final 
Redemption Amount, (II) the Early Redemption Amount or (III) the Instalment Redemption Amount (in 
the case of FX Linked Redemption Securities), as the case may be, is postponed as a result of the 
occurrence of a Market Disruption Event or, if applicable, an Unscheduled Holiday, then: 
(a) 
payment of any such amount (the Affected Amount) will be made on the scheduled date for 
payment of such amount or, if later, on the date falling two (2) Payment Extension Days (or such 
other number of Payment Extension Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) following 
the earlier to occur of (i) the FX Determination Date; and (ii) the Disruption Longstop Date; and 
(b) 
such Affected Amount shall be paid without any interest or other sum payable in respect of the 
postponement of the payment of the Affected Amount.  
2 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS RELATING TO FX LINKED SECURITIES 
Administrator/Benchmark Event has the meaning given to it in the Definitions . 
Averaging Date means any Observation Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
such dates are specified, in respect of an FX Linked Security where the relevant rate of exchange is used 
to determine an Underlying Value and the applicable Relevant Observation provides that "Average 
Underlying Level" shall apply, each deemed Observation Date which is a Relevant Timing for the 
purposes of calculating the Relevant Observation. 
Averaging Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last 
FX Business Day in the sequence of consecutive FX Business Days equal to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date 
or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Scheduled 
Observation Date. 
Affected FX Rate has the meaning set out in FX Linked Asset Condition 3.2(b) (Consequences of Market 
Disruption Events and Unscheduled Holidays). 
Base Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the 
Reference Currency. 
Basket means a basket containing the FX Rates (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Benchmark Obligation(s) means the obligation(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms in 
relation to a Reference Currency.

--- Page 400 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
400 
Benchmark Obligation Default means, unless Benchmark Obligation Default is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, with respect to any Benchmark Obligation, the occurrence of a 
default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described) including, but not limited 
to, (a) the failure of timely payment in full of any nominal, interest or other amounts due (without giving 
effect to any applicable grace periods) in respect of such Benchmark Obligation, (b) a declared 
moratorium, standstill, waiver, deferral, Repudiation or rescheduling of any nominal, interest or other 
amounts due in respect of such Benchmark Obligation, or (c) the amendment or modification of the terms 
and conditions of payment of any nominal, interest or other amounts due in respect of such Benchmark 
Obligation without the consent of all holders of such Benchmark Obligation. The determination of the 
existence or occurrence of any default, event of default or other similar condition or event shall be made 
without regard to any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the relevant entity to issue or enter 
into such Benchmark Obligation. 
Cross Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Disrupted Day means any day on which a Market Disruption Event or (if "Unscheduled Holiday 
Deferral" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms) an Unscheduled Holiday occurs or 
is continuing. 
Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event or (if 
"Unscheduled Holiday Deferral" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms) an 
Unscheduled Holiday, the last FX Business Day in the sequence of consecutive FX Business Days equal 
to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Dual Exchange Rate means, unless Dual Exchange Rate is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, in respect of an FX Rate, any currency exchange rate for such FX Rate is split into dual or 
multiple currency exchange rates. 
Event Currency means, with respect to an FX Rate, any currency specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such a currency is not specified, the Reference Currency. 
Event Currency Jurisdiction means, in respect of an Event Currency, the country for which the Event 
Currency is the lawful currency. 
First FX Element means the exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Cross Currency (or 
fractional amounts thereof) per unit of the Base Currency, which is either: 
(a) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and observed by the Calculation Agent on the 
FX Price Source at approximately the applicable Valuation Time on the applicable day and by 
reference to the Specified Rate; or 
(b) 
if "Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, based 
on any price determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion (if FX Price 
Source is specified as "Not Applicable as Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination applies" in 
the applicable Final Terms), at approximately the applicable Valuation Time on the applicable 
day. 
FX Business Day means, in respect of an FX Rate, any day on which the relevant FX Price Source would, 
in the ordinary course, publish or announce the relevant FX Rate or, if "Calculation Agent FX Rate 
Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, any day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for general business in the place from which the Calculation Agent 
determines the FX Rate. 
FX Determination Date has the meaning set out in FX Linked Asset Condition 3.2 (Consequences of 
Market Disruption Events and Unscheduled Holidays).

--- Page 401 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
401 
FX Rate means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these FX Linked Asset Conditions and subject 
also to the provisions of FX Linked Asset Conditions 6.1, 6.2 and 6.3 (if applicable), in respect of any 
relevant day or time and a Reference Currency:  
(a) 
if "Cross Rate Methodology" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
exchange rate of one currency for another currency derived by: 
(i) 
(if "Multiplied" is specified in respect of the Cross Rate Methodology in the applicable 
Final Terms) multiplying the First FX Element by the Second FX Element; or 
(ii) 
(if "Divided" is specified in respect of the Cross Rate Methodology in the applicable 
Final Terms), dividing the First FX Element by the Second FX Element; or 
(b) 
if "Cross Rate Methodology" is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the exchange rate of one currency for another currency expressed as a number of units of the 
Reference Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) per unit of the Base Currency, which is 
either: 
(i) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and observed by the Calculation Agent on the 
FX Price Source at approximately the applicable Valuation Time on such day and by 
reference to the Specified Rate; or 
(ii) 
if "Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, based on any price determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion (if FX Price Source is specified as "Not Applicable as Calculation Agent FX 
Rate Determination applies" in the applicable Final Terms), at approximately the 
applicable Valuation Time on such day. 
FX Price Source means, in respect of an FX Rate, any price source specified in FX Linked Asset 
Conditions 6.1, 6.2 or 6.3 (if applicable) or in the applicable Final Terms (as the case may be) in respect 
of the Base Currency and the Reference Currency for such FX Rate or, if the relevant rate is not published 
or announced by such FX Price Source at the relevant time, the successor or alternative price source or 
page/publication for the relevant rate as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion. 
General Inconvertibility means, unless General Inconvertibility is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to convert an 
Event Currency into the relating Non-Event Currency in the Event Currency Jurisdiction through 
customary legal channels. 
General Non-Transferability means, with respect to an Event Currency, unless General Non-
Transferability is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the occurrence of any event 
that generally makes it impossible to deliver (a) the relating Non-Event Currency from accounts inside 
an Event Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Event Currency Jurisdiction, or (b) the Event 
Currency between accounts inside the Event Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of 
the Event Currency Jurisdiction. 
Governmental Authority means, any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central 
bank) of an Event Currency Jurisdiction. 
Governmental Authority Default means, unless Governmental Authority Default is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and any security or indebtedness for borrowed money of, or 
guaranteed by, any Governmental Authority, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar 
condition or event (however described) including, but not limited to, (a) the failure of timely payment in 
full of any nominal, interest or other amounts due (without giving effect to any applicable grace periods) 
in respect of any such security, indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee, (b) a declared moratorium,

--- Page 402 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
402 
standstill, waiver, deferral, Repudiation or rescheduling of any nominal, interest or other amounts due in 
respect of any such security, indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee, or (c) the amendment or 
modification of the terms and conditions of payment of any nominal, interest or other amounts due in 
respect of any such security, indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee without the consent of all 
holders of such obligation. The determination of the existence or occurrence of any default, event of 
default or other similar condition or event shall be made without regard to any lack or alleged lack of 
authority or capacity of such Governmental Authority to issue or enter into such security, indebtedness 
for borrowed money or guarantee. 
Illiquidity means, unless Illiquidity is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of an FX Rate, it becomes impossible to obtain a firm quote of such FX Rate for the Minimum Amount 
(either in one transaction or a commercially reasonable number of transactions that, when taken together, 
total the Minimum Amount) on the relevant Observation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for 
that Observation Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant price 
source) or by such other date (the Illiquidity Valuation Date) as is specified for such purpose in the 
applicable Final Terms. If an Illiquidity Valuation Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
Illiquidity occurs on such date, then the Illiquidity Valuation Date will be deemed to be the relevant 
Observation Date for the Securities. 
Material Change in Circumstances means, with respect to an Event Currency, unless Material Change 
in Circumstances is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of an FX Rate, 
the occurrence of any event (other than the other events set out in the definition of Market Disruption 
Event or (if "Unscheduled Holiday Deferral" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms) 
an Unscheduled Holiday) in the Event Currency Jurisdiction beyond the control of the relevant Issuer 
which makes it impossible (a) for the relevant Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Securities, and 
(b) generally to fulfil obligations similar to the relevant Issuer's obligations under the Securities. 
Maximum Days of Disruption means five (5) FX Business Days or such other number of FX Business 
Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Minimum Amount means, in respect of an FX Rate, the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if such an amount is not specified, (a) for purposes of the definition of Illiquidity, an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) and (b) for purposes of the definition of Specific Inconvertibility, the Event 
Currency equivalent of U.S.$ 1.00. 
Nationalisation means, with respect to an Event Currency, unless Nationalisation is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or 
other action by any Governmental Authority which deprives the relevant Issuer of all or substantially all 
of its assets in the Event Currency Jurisdiction. 
Non-Event Currency means, with respect to an Event Currency, any currency specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise deemed 
to be an Observation Date in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Preceding Business Day Convention (or such other Business Day Convention as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms). If a Market Disruption Event or (if "Unscheduled Holiday 
Deferral" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms) an Unscheduled Holiday occurs or 
is occurring on such date and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Observation 
Date shall instead occur on the immediately following FX Business Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, a Market Disruption Event or, if applicable, an Unscheduled Holiday occurs or is 
continuing on such FX Business Day, in which case the provisions of FX Linked Asset Condition 3.2 
(Consequences of Market Disruption Events and Unscheduled Holidays) below shall apply. For the 
purpose of this paragraph, all references to "Business Day" in the definition of "Business Day 
Convention" shall be read as "FX Business Day".

--- Page 403 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
403 
Payment Extension Day means a day which is Payment Business Day. 
Price Materiality means, in respect of the FX Rate, unless Price Materiality is specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Primary Rate differs from the Secondary Rate by at least the Price 
Materiality Percentage, provided both the Primary Rate and Secondary Rate are available. 
Price Materiality Percentage means, in respect of an FX Rate, the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Price Source Disruption means, unless Price Source Disruption is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, (a) in respect of an FX Rate and a relevant date, it becomes impossible to obtain 
such FX Rate on such date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such relevant date would, in the 
ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant price source) or (b) an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs. 
Primary Rate means, in respect of each Reference Currency, the FX Rate specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant FX Benchmark means, in respect of the Securities: 
(a) 
each FX Rate; or 
(b) 
any other index, benchmark, rate or price source specified as a "Relevant FX Benchmark" in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Repudiation means that, in respect of a Security, (a) for the purposes of the definition of Benchmark 
Obligation Default, the relevant Issuer of or any party to, as the case may be, the relevant Benchmark 
Obligation disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of 
the Benchmark Obligation in any material respect, and (b) for purposes of the definition of Governmental 
Authority Default, the relevant Governmental Authority disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in 
whole or in part, or challenges the validity of any security, indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee 
of such Governmental Authority in any material respect. 
Scheduled Observation Date means any original date that, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption 
Event or, if applicable, an Unscheduled Holiday, would have been an Observation Date. 
Second FX Element means (i) if "Multiplied" is specified in respect of the Cross Rate Methodology in 
the applicable Final Terms, the exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Reference Currency 
(or fractional amounts thereof) per unit of the Cross Currency or (ii) if "Divided" is specified in respect 
of the Cross Rate Methodology in the applicable Final Terms, the exchange rate expressed as a number 
of units of the Cross Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) per unit of the Reference Currency, which 
is in each case either: 
(a) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and observed by the Calculation Agent on the 
FX Price Source at approximately the applicable Valuation Time on such day and by reference 
to the Specified Rate; or 
(b) 
if "Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, based 
on any price determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion (if FX Price 
Source is specified as "Not Applicable as Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination applies" in 
the applicable Final Terms), at approximately the applicable Valuation Time on such day. 
Secondary Rate means, in respect of each Reference Currency, (a) the FX Rate specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or (b) if no such rate is so specified, the FX Rate for an Observation Date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as the amount of the Event Currency per one unit of Non-
Event Currency, in a legal and customary wholesale market in which there is no government authority

--- Page 404 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
404 
controls or interference except where such involvement of any such government authority is solely as a 
bona fide participant in such market, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Specific Inconvertibility means, with respect to an Event Currency, unless Specific Inconvertibility is 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the occurrence of any event that makes it 
impossible for the relevant Issuer to convert the Minimum Amount of an Event Currency into the relating 
Non-Event Currency in the Event Currency Jurisdiction, other than where such impossibility is due solely 
to the failure by the relevant Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the 
Securities and it is impossible for the relevant Issuer, due to an event beyond the control of the relevant 
Issuer, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
Specific Non-Transferability means, with respect to an Event Currency, unless Specific Non-
Transferability is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the occurrence of any event 
that makes it impossible for the relevant Issuer to deliver (a) the relating Non-Event Currency from 
accounts inside the Event Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Event Currency Jurisdiction, or 
(b) the Event Currency between accounts inside the Event Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a 
non-resident of the Event Currency Jurisdiction, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the 
failure by the relevant Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the Securities and it is 
impossible for the relevant Issuer, due to an event beyond the control of the relevant Issuer, to comply 
with such law, rule or regulation). 
Specified Rate means: 
(a) 
if "Offer Price" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the offer price of 
the relevant rate of exchange; 
(b) 
if "Bid Price" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the bid price of the 
relevant rate of exchange; or 
(c) 
if "Mid Price" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the mean average 
of the offer price and the bid price of the relevant rate of exchange, 
in each case for the relevant Observation Date. If no such rate is specified and "Not Applicable as 
Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination applies" is not specified, in each in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Specified Rate shall be "Mid Price". 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Unscheduled Holiday means a day that is not an FX Business Day and the market was not aware of such 
fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available information) until a 
time later than 9:00 a.m. local time, in the principal financial centre(s) (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) of the Reference Currency, two FX Business Days prior to the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Valuation Time means, with respect to an FX Rate: 
(a) 
the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if "Closing" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, the time specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if "Intraday" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, any time on the relevant 
Observation Date in Paris or such other financial centre as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
3 
MARKET DISRUPTION EVENTS RELATING TO FX LINKED SECURITIES

--- Page 405 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
405 
3.1 
Market Disruption Events 
For the purposes of these FX Linked Asset Conditions: 
Market Disruption Event means in respect of an FX Rate, the occurrence of any of (a) Benchmark 
Obligation Default, (b) Dual Exchange Rate, (c) General Inconvertibility, (d) General Non-
Transferability, (e) Governmental Authority Default, (f) Illiquidity, (g) Material Change In 
Circumstances, (h) Nationalisation, (i) Price Materiality, (j) Price Source Disruption, (k) Specific 
Inconvertibility or (l) Specific Non-Transferability. 
The occurrence of a Market Disruption Event shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith. 
3.2 
Consequences of Market Disruption Events and Unscheduled Holidays 
(a) 
If, in the case of FX Linked Securities relating to a single FX Rate, a Market Disruption Event 
or (if "Unscheduled Holiday Deferral" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms) 
an Unscheduled Holiday occurs or is continuing with respect to the FX Rate on an Observation 
Date, then the Calculation Agent may: 
(i) 
postpone the Observation Date, in which case the Observation Date shall be the next 
FX Business Day on which there is no Market Disruption Event or, if applicable 
Unscheduled Holiday (the FX Determination Date), unless each consecutive FX 
Business Day up to and including the Disruption Longstop Date is a Disrupted Day, in 
which case (A) the Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the Observation 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and (B) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine for such day, in good faith, the FX Rate affected by the Market 
Disruption Event or, if applicable, the Unscheduled Holiday, taking into consideration 
all available information that in good faith it deems relevant to the then prevailing 
market practice and acting in good faith; or 
(ii) 
determine the FX Rate for such day, taking into consideration all available information 
that in good faith it deems relevant to the then prevailing market practice and acting in 
good faith. 
(b) 
If, in the case of FX Linked Securities relating to a Basket of FX Rates, a Market Disruption 
Event or (if "Unscheduled Holiday Deferral" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms) an Unscheduled Holiday occurs or is continuing with respect to one or more FX Rates 
on an Observation Date, then: 
(i) 
for each FX Rate not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the Observation 
Date shall be the Scheduled Observation Date; and 
(ii) 
for each FX Rate affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (each an Affected FX 
Rate), the Calculation Agent may: 
(A) 
postpone the Observation Date, in which case the Observation Date shall be 
the FX Determination Date relating to such Affected FX Rate, unless each 
consecutive FX Business Day up to and including the Disruption Longstop 
Date is a Disrupted Day relating to such Affected FX Rate, in which case (I) 
the Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the Observation Date with 
respect to the relevant Affected FX Rate, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day relating to such Affected FX Rate and (II) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine for such day, in good faith, such Affected 
FX Rate; in case of multiple Affected FX Rates, the latest FX Determination 
Date will be the FX Determination Date for the purpose of FX Linked Asset 
Condition 1(a) above; or

--- Page 406 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
406 
(B) 
determine the level of such Affected FX Rate for such day, taking into 
consideration all available information that in good faith it deems relevant to 
the then prevailing market practice and acting in good faith. 
(c) 
If (A) the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine the relevant FX Rate in 
accordance with FX Linked Asset Condition 3.2(a) or FX Linked Asset Condition 3.2(b) above, 
as the case may be, or (B) such determination would not, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
account for such Market Disruption Event or, if applicable, such Unscheduled Holiday:  
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it 
considers appropriate to account for any such Market Disruption Event or, if applicable, 
such Unscheduled Holiday and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments 
will be effective; in making any such adjustments, the Calculation Agent may take into 
account the equivalent adjustment(s) which would be made to an foreign exchange 
derivative transaction in the interbank market following the relevant event occurring 
and where the Calculation Agent deems appropriate (in its sole and absolute discretion), 
adjust the Conditions to give effect to such adjustment(s); or 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments for the 
purposes of sub-paragraph (i) above, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed 
by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(d) 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event 
or, if applicable, an Unscheduled Holiday on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day, would have been, an Observation Date. Such notice shall give the details of such Market 
Disruption Event or, if applicable, such Unscheduled Holiday and the action proposed to be taken 
by the Calculation Agent in relation thereto. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable, the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
3.3 
Averaging Date Disruption 
If any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then, where the consequence specified for "Averaging Date 
Disruption" in the applicable Final Terms is: 
(a) 
"Omission", then such Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Date for 
purposes of determining the relevant rate of exchange, and if through the operation of this 
provision no Averaging Date would occur with respect to the relevant Observation Date, FX 
Linked Asset Condition 3.2 will apply for purposes of determining the relevant price or amount 
on the final Averaging Date in respect of that Observation Date as if such final Averaging Date 
were an Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day; 
(b) 
"Postponement", then FX Linked Asset Condition 3.2 will apply for purposes of determining the 
relevant price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were an Observation 
Date that was a Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that 
deferred Averaging Date would fall on a date that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging 
Date for the relevant FX Rate; or 
(c) 
"Modified Postponement", then: 
(i) 
in the case of a Basket of FX Rates, the Averaging Date for each FX Rate not affected 
by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the date specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 407 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
407 
Terms as an Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Observation Date and the 
Averaging Date for any FX Rate affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be 
the first succeeding FX Business Day in relation to such FX Rate, and if the first 
succeeding FX Business Day has not occurred prior to the Averaging Disruption 
Longstop Date, then (A) the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed the 
Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such day is already an Averaging Date), and 
(B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or amount for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with FX Linked Asset Condition 3.2; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding FX Business Day, and if the 
first succeeding FX Business Day has not occurred prior to the Averaging Disruption 
Longstop Date, then (A) the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed the 
Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such day is already an Averaging Date), and 
(B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or amount for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with FX Linked Asset Condition 3.2. 
4 
ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENTS RELATING TO FX LINKED SECURITIES 
4.1 
Additional Disruption Events 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or (provided that 
the Securities are not Italian Listed Securities) Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case unless disapplied 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means, unless Change in Law is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that, on or after the Trade Date, (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable 
law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the relevant Issuer determines in its 
sole and absolute discretion that (i) it has become illegal for the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or 
any of their respective Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant hedge positions relating to an FX 
Rate or the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable to 
maintain the agreements entered into in respect of such hedge positions or (ii) the Issuer, the Guarantor 
(if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates will incur a materially increased cost in performing 
its obligations under the Securities (or any relevant hedge positions relating to an FX Rate) (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on 
its tax position). 
Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that: 
(a) 
In respect of Securities which are not Italian Listed Securities, the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
(if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk including but 
not limited to the currency risk of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (if applicable), in issuing 
and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, 
receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
(b) 
In respect of Securities which are Italian Listed Securities, Hedging Disruption means, unless 
Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts and as a result of an event which is beyond the control of such 
Issuer, Guarantor (if applicable) and/or Affiliate(s) (including, without limitation, any force 
majeure, act of state, change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, 
any tax law), promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including

--- Page 408 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
408 
any action taken by a taxing authority)), to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any 
relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor, (if applicable), issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Italian Listed 
Securities, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the foreign exchange risk of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (if applicable), in issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred 
solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) 
and/or any of their respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
4.2 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
Where "Additional Disruption Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and 
if an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the relevant Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to account for such Additional Disruption Event 
and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(b) 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), 
redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an 
amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices). 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating the 
occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken 
in relation thereto. 
5 
OTHER EVENTS RELATING TO FX LINKED SECURITIES 
This Condition will apply to the Securities unless specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these FX Linked Asset Conditions, if any other event 
occurs (including, without limitation, changes in the standard market mechanisms for settlement of FX 
hedges) which the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on the 
Securities, then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate to account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which any such 
adjustments will be effective; or 
(b) 
the relevant Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices).

--- Page 409 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
409 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this FX Linked Asset Condition 5 (Other 
Events Relating to FX Linked Securities), the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) giving details of such determination. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
6 
CURRENCY-SPECIFIC EVENTS RELATING TO FX LINKED SECURITIES 
6.1 
BRL/JPY Rate 
If "BRL/JPY Rate" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as an FX Rate, BRL/JPY Rate shall have 
the meaning set out below. 
BRL/JPY Rate means, in respect of a BRL Valuation Date, the BRL/JPY exchange rate, expressed as a 
number of units (or fractional amounts) of JPY per one (1) unit of BRL: 
(a) 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant BRL Valuation Date as the inverse number 
(expressed as a number of units (or fractional amounts) of JPY (the Reference Currency) per 
one (1) unit of BRL (the Base Currency) and being rounded to the nearest two decimal places 
(with 0.005 being rounded up)) by reference to the Specified Rate (as defined in FX Linked 
Asset Condition 2) of the applicable JPY/BRL-PTAX Rate; or 
(b) 
in the event that the JPY/BRL-PTAX Rate is not available on the relevant BRL Valuation Date, 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant BRL Valuation Date as a cross-currency 
foreign exchange rate derived by dividing the USD/JPY Reference Rate by the applicable 
USD/BRL-PTAX Rate (if both such rates are available), provided that such number shall be 
rounded to the nearest two decimal places (with 0.005 being rounded up); or 
(c) 
in the event that both: (i) the JPY/BRL-PTAX Rate is not available; and (ii) either (A) the 
USD/BRL-PTAX Rate or the USD/JPY Reference Rate is not available, or (B) an Exchange 
Rate Divergence has occurred in respect of USD/BRL-PTAX Rate, in each case on the relevant 
BRL Valuation Date, determined by the Calculation Agent for the relevant BRL Valuation Date 
in good faith, having taken into account relevant market practice, which may include, but shall 
not be limited to, a postponement of the determination of the BRL/JPY Rate until a date no later 
than the BRL Latest Postponement Date, 
and sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Price Source Disruption shall not apply accordingly but, for the 
avoidance of doubt, to the extent that Price Source Disruption is applicable, Condition 3 shall be 
applicable upon the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) of 
the definition of Price Source Disruption as if such event had been selected as a Market Disruption Event. 
For the purposes of this FX Linked Asset Condition 6.1: 
where: 
BRL means Brazilian Real, the lawful currency of the Federative Republic of Brazil. 
BRL Latest Postponement Date means, in respect of a BRL Valuation Date, the date falling five (5) FX 
Business Days (or such other number of FX Business Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
after such BRL Valuation Date. 
BRL/JPY Business Days means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in (a) São Paulo and Tokyo or (b) any other financial centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
BRL Valuation Date means:

--- Page 410 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
410 
(a) 
in respect of any amount of interest on the Securities, a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken 
Amount, the number of BRL/JPY Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date or, 
as the case may be, the relevant date fixed for payment specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or five (5) if such number is not specified in the applicable Final Terms); and 
(b) 
in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, an Early Redemption Amount or an Instalment 
Redemption Amount: 
(i) 
relating to a day (other than the Redemption Date) fixed for the redemption of the 
Securities, the number of BRL/JPY Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or five (5) BRL/JPY Business Days if such number is not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) prior to such day; and 
(ii) 
relating to the Redemption Date, the day that is the number of BRL/JPY Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or five (5) BRL/JPY Business Days if such 
number is not specified in the applicable Final Terms) prior to the Redemption Date. 
EMTA means Emerging Markets Traders Association. 
EMTA BRL Exchange Rate Divergence Procedures means a methodology dated as of 22 January 2018 
and published by the EMTA, as amended from time to time, for an industry determination of an Exchange 
Rate Divergence event. 
EMTA BRL Rate Business Days means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in any applicable EMTA BRL Rate Business Centre. 
EMTA BRL Rate Business Centre means the relevant EMTA BRL business centre specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Exchange Rate Divergence means, with respect to USD/BRL-PTAX Rate, and upon notice to the EMTA 
membership, that, in the reasonable and independent judgement, as notified to the EMTA in accordance 
with the EMTA BRL Exchange Rate Divergence Procedures (as published by the EMTA), of not less 
than 7 unaffiliated EMTA members that are recognised market makers active in the Brazilian Reais/U.S. 
Dollar foreign exchange market (no less than 4 of which shall be active participants in the onshore 
Brazilian Reais/U.S. Dollar spot market), the USD/BRL-PTAX rate (following a split of the exchange 
rates in Brazil or otherwise) no longer reflects the then-prevailing Brazilian Reais/U.S. Dollar spot rate 
for standard-size wholesale financial transactions involving the exchange of Brazilian Reais for U.S. 
Dollars delivered outside of Brazil. 
JPY/BRL-PTAX Rate means, in respect of a BRL Valuation Date, the JPY/BRL commercial rate, 
expressed as a number of units (or fractional amounts) of BRL (the Reference Currency) per one (1) unit 
of JPY (the Base Currency), reported by the Banco Central do Brasil on its website www.bcb.gov.br; see 
"Cotações e boletins" or "Quotations and bulletins") by approximately 1:15 p.m., São Paulo time, (or any 
successor page for the purposes of displaying such rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion), on such BRL Valuation Date, and which appears on Bloomberg Screen 
<JPYBRL PTAX Curncy> page (or any successor page for the purposes of displaying such rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion); provided that the JPY/BRL 
PTAX Rate found on the Banco Central do Brasil website shall prevail in case of conflict with the 
JPY/BRL PTAX Rate appearing on Bloomberg Screen <JPYBRL PTAX Curncy> page (or any successor 
page for the purposes of displaying such rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion). 
São Paulo and New York City Business Days means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in São Paulo and New York City. 
USD/BRL-PTAX Rate means, in respect of a BRL Valuation Date, the USD/BRL commercial offered 
rate, expressed as a number of units (or fractional amounts) of BRL (the Reference Currency) per one

--- Page 411 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
411 
(1) unit of USD (the Base Currency), reported by the Banco Central do Brasil on its website 
(www.bcb.gov.br; see "Cotações e boletins" or "Quotations and bulletins") by approximately 1:15 p.m., 
São Paulo time on such BRL Valuation Date, and which appears on Bloomberg Screen <BRL PTAX 
Curncy> page (or any successor page for the purposes of displaying such rate, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion); provided that the USD/BRL-PTAX Rate found on 
the Banco Central do Brasil website shall prevail in case of conflict with the USD/BRL-PTAX Rate 
appearing on Bloomberg Screen <BRL PTAX Curncy> page (or any successor page for the purposes of 
displaying such rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion). 
USD/JPY Reference Rate means the bid rate of USD/JPY foreign exchange rate, expressed as a number 
of units (or fractional amounts) of JPY per one unit of USD, published on the Bloomberg Screen "BFIX" 
(or its successor page for the purpose of displaying such rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion) as of 1:00 p.m., São Paulo time, on the applicable BRL Valuation Date. 
If the USD/JPY Reference Rate is not available on the applicable BRL Valuation Date, the Calculation 
Agent will determine such rate on the relevant BRL Valuation Date in good faith, having taken into 
account relevant market practice. 
6.2 
BRL/USD Rate 
If "BRL/USD Rate" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as an FX Rate, BRL/USD Rate shall have 
the meaning set out below. 
BRL/USD Rate means, in respect of a BRL Valuation Date, the BRL/USD exchange rate, expressed as 
a number of units (or fractional amounts) of USD per one (1) unit of BRL: 
(a) 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant BRL Valuation Date as the inverse number 
(expressed as a number of units (or fractional amounts) of USD (the Reference Currency) per 
one (1) unit of BRL (the Base Currency) and being rounded to the nearest four decimal places 
(with 0.00005 being rounded up)) by reference to the Specified Rate (as defined in FX Linked 
Asset Condition 2) of the applicable USD/BRL-PTAX Rate; or 
(b) 
in the event that either: (i) the USD/BRL-PTAX Rate is not available, or (ii) an Exchange Rate 
Divergence has occurred in respect of USD/BRL-PTAX Rate, in each case on the relevant BRL 
Valuation Date, determined by the Calculation Agent for the relevant BRL Valuation Date in 
good faith, having taken into account relevant market practice, which may include, but shall not 
be limited to, a postponement of the determination of the BRL/USD Rate until a date no later 
than the BRL Latest Postponement Date, 
and sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Price Source Disruption shall not apply accordingly but, for the 
avoidance of doubt, to the extent that Price Source Disruption is applicable, Condition 3 shall be 
applicable upon the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) of 
the definition of Price Source Disruption as if such event had been selected as a Market Disruption Event. 
For the purposes of this FX Linked Asset Condition 6.2: 
where: 
BRL means Brazilian Real, the lawful currency of the Federative Republic of Brazil. 
BRL Latest Postponement Date means, in respect of a BRL Valuation Date, the date falling five (5) FX 
Business Days (or such other number of FX Business Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
after such BRL Valuation Date. 
BRL/USD Business Days means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in New York City and São Paulo and any other financial centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
BRL Valuation Date means:

--- Page 412 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
412 
(a) 
in respect of any amount of interest on the Securities, a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken 
Amount, the number of BRL/USD Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date or, 
as the case may be, the relevant date fixed for payment specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or five (5) if such number is not specified in the applicable Final Terms); and 
(b) 
in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, an Early Redemption Amount or an Instalment 
Redemption Amount: 
(i) 
relating to a day (other than the Redemption Date) fixed for the redemption of the 
Securities, the number of BRL/USD Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or five (5) if such number is not specified in the applicable Final Terms) prior 
to such day; and 
(ii) 
relating to the Redemption Date, the day that is the number of BRL/USD Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or five (5) if such number is not specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) prior to the Redemption Date. 
EMTA means Emerging Markets Traders Association. 
EMTA BRL Exchange Rate Divergence Procedures means a methodology dated as of 22 January 2018 
and published by the EMTA, as amended from time to time, for an industry determination of an Exchange 
Rate Divergence event. 
EMTA BRL Rate Business Days means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in any applicable EMTA BRL Rate Business Centre. 
EMTA BRL Rate Business Centre means the relevant EMTA BRL business centre specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Exchange Rate Divergence means, with respect to USD/BRL-PTAX Rate, and upon notice to the EMTA 
membership, that, in the reasonable and independent judgement, as notified to the EMTA in accordance 
with the EMTA BRL Exchange Rate Divergence Procedures (as published by the EMTA), of not less 
than 7 unaffiliated EMTA members that are recognised market makers active in the Brazilian Reais/U.S. 
Dollar foreign exchange market (no less than 4 of which shall be active participants in the onshore 
Brazilian Reais/U.S. Dollar spot market), the USD/BRL-PTAX rate (following a split of the exchange 
rates in Brazil or otherwise) no longer reflects the then-prevailing Brazilian Reais/U.S. Dollar spot rate 
for standard-size wholesale financial transactions involving the exchange of Brazilian Reais for U.S. 
Dollars delivered outside of Brazil. 
USD means United State Dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
USD/BRL-PTAX Rate means, in respect of a BRL Valuation Date, the USD/BRL commercial offered 
rate, expressed as a number of units (or fractional amounts) of BRL (the Reference Currency) per one 
(1) unit of USD (the Base Currency), reported by the Banco Central do Brasil on its website 
(www.bcb.gov.br; see "Cotações e boletins" or "Quotations and bulletins") by approximately 1:15 p.m., 
São Paulo time on such BRL Valuation Date, and which appears on Bloomberg Screen <BRL PTAX 
Curncy> page (or any successor page for the purposes of displaying such rate, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion); provided that the USD/BRL-PTAX Rate found on 
the Banco Central do Brasil website shall prevail in case of conflict with the USD/BRL-PTAX Rate 
appearing on Bloomberg Screen <BRL PTAX Curncy> page (or any successor page for the purposes of 
displaying such rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion). 
6.3 
BRL/EUR Rate 
If "BRL/EUR Rate" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as an FX Rate, BRL/EUR Rate shall have 
the meaning set out below.

--- Page 413 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
413 
BRL/EUR Rate means, in respect of a BRL Valuation Date, the BRL/EUR exchange rate, expressed as 
a number of units (or fractional amounts) of EUR per one (1) unit of BRL: 
(a) 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant BRL Valuation Date as a cross-currency 
foreign exchange rate derived by dividing:  
(i) 
One (1) by,  
(ii) 
 the EUR/USD Reference Rate, and multiplied by  
(iii) 
the applicable USD/BRL-PTAX Rate (if both such rates are available),  
provided that such number shall be rounded to the nearest two decimal places (with 0.00005 
being rounded up); or 
(b) 
in the event that either (i) the USD/BRL-PTAX Rate or the EUR/USD Reference Rate is not 
available, or (ii) an Exchange Rate Divergence has occurred in respect of USD/BRL-PTAX Rate, 
in each case on the relevant BRL Valuation Date, determined by the Calculation Agent for the 
relevant BRL Valuation Date in good faith, having taken into account relevant market practice, 
which may include, but shall not be limited to, a postponement of the determination of the 
BRL/EUR Rate until a date no later than the BRL Latest Postponement Date, 
and sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Price Source Disruption shall not apply accordingly but, for the 
avoidance of doubt, to the extent that Price Source Disruption is applicable, Condition 3 shall be 
applicable upon the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) of 
the definition of Price Source Disruption as if such event had been selected as a Market Disruption Event. 
For the purposes of this FX Linked Asset Condition 6.3: 
where: 
BRL means Brazilian Real, the lawful currency of the Federative Republic of Brazil. 
BRL Latest Postponement Date means, in respect of a BRL Valuation Date, the date falling five (5) FX 
Business Days (or such other number of FX Business Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
after such BRL Valuation Date. 
BRL/EUR Business Days means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (a) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in São Paulo and any other financial centre specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, and (b) which is a TARGET2 Settlement Day. 
BRL Valuation Date means: 
(a) 
in respect of any amount of interest on the Securities, a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken 
Amount, the number of BRL/EUR Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date or, 
as the case may be, the relevant date fixed for payment specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or five (5) if such number is not specified in the applicable Final Terms); and 
(b) 
in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, an Early Redemption Amount or an Instalment 
Redemption Amount: 
(i) 
relating to a day (other than the Redemption Date) fixed for the redemption of the 
Securities, the number of BRL/EUR Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or five (5) if such number is not specified in the applicable Final Terms) prior 
to such day; and 
(ii) 
relating to the Redemption Date, the day that is the number of BRL/EUR Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or five (5) if such number is not specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) prior to the Redemption Date.

--- Page 414 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
414 
EUR means the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with article 3, paragraph 4 of the EU Treaty. 
EMTA means Emerging Markets Traders Association. 
EMTA BRL Exchange Rate Divergence Procedures means a methodology dated as of 22 January 2018 
and published by the EMTA, as amended from time to time, for an industry determination of an Exchange 
Rate Divergence event. 
EMTA BRL Rate Business Days means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in any applicable EMTA BRL Rate Business Centre. 
EMTA BRL Rate Business Centre means the relevant EMTA BRL business centre specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Exchange Rate Divergence means, with respect to EUR/BRL-PTAX Rate, and upon notice to the EMTA 
membership, that, in the reasonable and independent judgement, as notified to the EMTA in accordance 
with the EMTA BRL Exchange Rate Divergence Procedures (as published by the EMTA), of not less 
than 7 unaffiliated EMTA members that are recognised market makers active in the Brazilian Reais/U.S. 
Dollar foreign exchange market (no less than 4 of which shall be active participants in the onshore 
Brazilian Reais/U.S. Dollar spot market), the USD/BRL-PTAX rate (following a split of the exchange 
rates in Brazil or otherwise) no longer reflects the then-prevailing Brazilian Reais/U.S. Dollar spot rate 
for standard-size wholesale financial transactions involving the exchange of Brazilian Reais for U.S. 
Dollars delivered outside of Brazil. 
USD/BRL-PTAX Rate means, in respect of a BRL Valuation Date, the USD/BRL commercial offered 
rate, expressed as a number of units (or fractional amounts) of BRL (the Reference Currency) per one 
(1) unit of USD (the Base Currency), reported by the Banco Central do Brasil on its website 
(www.bcb.gov.br; see "Cotações e boletins" or "Quotations and bulletins") by approximately 1:15 p.m., 
São Paulo time on such BRL Valuation Date, and which appears on Bloomberg Screen <BRL PTAX 
Curncy> page (or any successor page for the purposes of displaying such rate, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion); provided that the USD/BRL-PTAX Rate found on 
the Banco Central do Brasil website shall prevail in case of conflict with the USD/BRL-PTAX Rate 
appearing on Bloomberg Screen <BRL PTAX Curncy> page (or any successor page for the purposes of 
displaying such rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion). 
EUR/USD Reference Rate means the bid rate of EUR/USD foreign exchange rate, expressed as a 
number of units (or fractional amounts) of USD per one unit of EUR, published on the Reuters Screen 
WMR page (or its successor page for the purpose of displaying such rate, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) as of 4:00 p.m., London time, on the applicable BRL Valuation 
Date. If the EUR/USD Reference Rate is not available on the applicable BRL Valuation Date, the 
Calculation Agent will determine such rate on the relevant BRL Valuation Date in good faith, having 
taken into account relevant market practice. 
6.4 
JPY Price Source Disruption 
(a) 
Definitions 
JPY Fallback Page 1 means, with respect to a JPY Rate, the Bloomberg Screen or Reuters 
Screen (or any successor page determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion) specified in the applicable Final Terms as the JPY Fallback Page 1. 
JPY Fallback Page 2 means, with respect to a JPY Rate, the Bloomberg Screen or Reuters 
Screen (or any successor page determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion) specified in the applicable Final Terms as the JPY Fallback Page 2. 
JPY Price Source Disruption means, with respect to the JPY Rate and any Observation Date:

--- Page 415 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
415 
(a) 
the JPY FX Rate is not displayed on the Bloomberg Screen or Reuters Screen (or any 
successor page determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the JPY Relevant Page (the JPY Relevant 
Page) at the Valuation Time, or 
(b) 
the JPY Relevant Page is not available at the Valuation Time. 
JPY Rate means an FX Rate in respect of which the Reference Currency is JPY and the Base 
Currency is USD or such other currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
JPY Price Source Disruption 
If "JPY Price Source Disruption" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable: 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption shall not apply to the relevant JPY Rate; and 
(ii) 
if a JPY Price Source Disruption occurs on an Observation Date, then the JPY Rate 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the Base Currency/JPY 
mid-rate (expressed as a number of units (or fractional amounts) of JPY per one unit of 
Base Currency) which appears on the JPY Fallback Page 1 (or any successor page 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) at 3:00 p.m., 
Tokyo time, on the such Observation Date. If no such quotation appears or is available 
on the JPY Fallback Page 1 (or any successor page determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion) on the such Observation Date, the JPY Rate shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the Base Currency/JPY mid-rate 
(expressed as a number of units (or fractional amounts) of JPY per one unit of Base 
Currency) which appears on the JPY Fallback Page 2 (or any successor page determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) at 3:00 p.m., Tokyo time, 
on the such Observation Date. If no such quotation appears or is available on the JPY 
Fallback Page 2 (or any successor page determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion) on the such Observation Date, the JPY Rate shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent will request five (5) leading reference banks (selected 
by the Calculation Agent at its discretion) in the Tokyo interbank market for 
their mid quotations of the Base Currency/JPY spot exchange rate at 
approximately 3:00 p.m., Tokyo time, on the such Observation Date; 
(B) 
the highest and lowest of such quotations will be disregarded and the arithmetic 
mean of the remaining quotation will be deemed to be the JPY Rate; 
(C) 
if only four (4) quotations are so provided, then the JPY Rate will be the 
arithmetic mean of such quotations disregarding to the highest and the lowest 
values quoted; 
(D) 
if fewer than four (4) quotations but at least two (2) quotations can be obtained, 
the JPY Rate will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations actually obtained 
by the Calculation Agent; and 
(E) 
if only one (1) quotation is available on such Observation Date, the Calculation 
Agent may determine that such quotation shall be JPY Rate. 
If (i) no such quotation is available on such Observation Date, or (ii) the Calculation Agent elects, 
in its sole and absolute discretion, to disregard the quotation referred to in FX Linked Asset 
Condition 6.4(b)(ii)(E) or (iii) if the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute 
discretion that no suitable reference bank which is prepared to quote is available on such 
Observation Date, the Calculation Agent will determine the JPY Rate in its sole and absolute 
discretion on such Observation Date.

--- Page 416 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
416 
Upon the occurrence of a JPY Price Source Disruption, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) stating the 
occurrence of the JPY Price Source Disruption giving details thereof and the relevant JPY Rate 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
7 
CORRECTIONS TO PUBLISHED AND DISPLAYED RATES 
For purposes of determining an FX Rate for any Observation Date: 
(a) 
In any case where an FX Rate is based on information obtained from the Reuters Monitor Money 
Rates Service, or any other financial information service, such FX Rate will be subject to the 
corrections, if any, to that information subsequently displayed by that source within one hour of 
the time when such rate is first displayed by such source, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it is not practicable to take into account such 
correction. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, in any case where an FX Rate is based on information 
published or announced by any Governmental Authority in a relevant country, such FX Rate will 
be subject to the corrections, if any, to that information subsequently published or announced by 
that source within five (5) calendar days of the date on which such information is published or 
announced, unless the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it is 
not practicable to take into account such correction, including, but not limited to, in relation to 
any calculations or determinations connected with the settlement of any Securities. 
In the event that the Calculation Agent identifies any correction referred to in paragraph (a) or (b) above 
(and in the case of a correction in respect of an FX Rate published or announced as set out in paragraph (b) 
above, within five (5) calendar days of such correction), if applicable, the Calculation Agent shall notify 
the relevant Issuer of any such correction, the revised FX Rate and, if any amount (the Actual Amount) 
has been paid to Securityholders on the basis of the original FX Rate, the amount that should have been 
paid or delivered to the Securityholders on the basis of the corrected FX Rate (the Adjusted Amount). 
Upon being notified of the Adjusted Amount, the relevant Issuer may (but shall not be obliged to) take 
such action as it considers necessary or appropriate to either pay additional amounts (if the Adjusted 
Amount is greater than the Actual Amount) or recover amounts (if the Adjusted Amount is less than the 
Actual Amount) from the person to whom the Actual Amounts were paid (including, for the purposes of 
recoveries by the relevant Issuer, by deducting from each Interest Amount payable on the next following 
Interest Payment Date (if any) an amount equal to each Security's pro rata share of an amount equal to 
the Actual Amount minus the Adjustment Amount, provided that each Interest Amount shall be subject 
to a minimum of zero). Notwithstanding the foregoing, under no circumstances shall the Relevant Issuer 
be obliged to recover any moneys from any relevant Clearing System. The Calculation Agent shall not 
be obliged to make any determination under this FX Linked Asset Condition 7 and shall have no liability 
to any person for any determination made or not made under this FX Linked Asset Condition 7. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
8 
SUCCESSOR CURRENCY 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that "Successor Currency" is applicable in respect of an FX 
Rate, then: 
(a) 
the Reference Currency and Base Currency in respect of such FX Rate will be deemed to include 
any lawful successor currency to such Reference Currency or Base Currency, as the case may be 
(the Successor Currency); 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that, on or after the Issue Date but on or before any relevant 
date on which an amount may be payable under the Securities, a country has lawfully eliminated, 
converted, redenominated or exchanged its currency in effect on the Issue Date which is the

--- Page 417 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
417 
Reference Currency or Base Currency of an FX Rate, as the case may be (the Original Currency) 
for a Successor Currency, then, for the purposes of calculating any amounts of the Original 
Currency or effecting settlement thereof, any Original Currency amounts will be converted to 
the Successor Currency by multiplying the amount of Original Currency by a ratio of Successor 
Currency to Original Currency, which ratio will be calculated on the basis of the exchange rate 
set forth by the relevant country of the Original Currency for converting the Original Currency 
into the Successor Currency on the date on which the elimination, conversion, redenomination 
or exchange took place, as determined by the Calculation Agent, and if there is more than one 
such date, the date closest to such relevant date will be selected (or such other date as may be 
selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion); 
(c) 
notwithstanding paragraph (b) above but subject to paragraph (d) below, the Calculation Agent 
may (to the extent permitted by the applicable law), in its sole and absolute discretion, select 
such other exchange rate or other basis for the conversion of an amount of the Original Currency 
to the Successor Currency and will make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, 
if any, to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any 
other terms in respect of the Securities to account for such elimination, conversion, 
redenomination or exchange of the Reference Currency or Base Currency, as the case may be; 
(d) 
notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, with respect to any Reference Currency or Base 
Currency that is substituted or replaced by the Euro, the consequences of such substitution or 
replacement will be determined in accordance with applicable law; and 
(e) 
notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable, the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply.

--- Page 418 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 4: Asset Conditions: Inflation Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
418 
Chapter 4: Asset Conditions: Inflation Linked Asset Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities that are Inflation Linked Securities. 
The following terms and conditions (the Inflation Linked Asset Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that Inflation Linked Interest Securities or Inflation Linked Redemption Securities 
is applicable. These Inflation Linked Asset Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Inflation Linked Asset Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and 
Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
References in these Inflation Linked Asset Conditions to an Inflation Linked Asset Condition are to a section or 
clause of these Inflation Linked Asset Conditions. 
1 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS RELATING TO INFLATION LINKED SECURITIES 
Administrator/Benchmark Event has the meaning given to it in the Definitions . 
Basket means a basket containing the Inflation Indices (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Daily Inflation Rate means, the daily interpolated level of the Inflation Index for the relevant Payment 
Date, determined as follows: 
MIL(t) + [MIL(t1) - MIL(t)] × 
(D - 1)
N
 
where: 
MIL(t) means the level of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month that is the number of 
months immediately preceding the relevant Payment Date, as defined under Primary Lag; 
MIL(t1) means the level of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month that is the number of 
months immediately preceding the Payment Date, as defined under Secondary Lag; 
D is the calendar day on which the Payment Date occurs; and  
N is the total number of calendar days of the month in which the Payment Date occurs. 
Primary Lag means, the number of months specified as such in the Final Terms, or if a Primary Lag is 
not so specified, 3 months. 
Secondary Lag means, the number of months specified as such in the Final Terms, or if a Secondary Lag 
is not so specified, 2 months.  
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount has the meaning set out in the Definitions . 
Fallback Bond means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and 
issued by the government of the country to whose level of inflation such Inflation Index relates and which 
pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to such Inflation Index, with a 
redemption date which falls on (a) the same day as the Redemption Date, (b) the next longest maturity 
after the Redemption Date if there is no such bond maturing on the Redemption Date, or (c) the next 
shortest maturity before the Redemption Date if no bond defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation 
Agent. If such Inflation Index relates to the level of inflation across the European Monetary Union, the 
Calculation Agent will select an inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments 
(but not any government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or 
redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary 
Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked 
bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked bond maturing on

--- Page 419 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 4: Asset Conditions: Inflation Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
419 
the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the 
Fallback Bond redeems the Calculation Agent will select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but 
selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any 
bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged). 
Inflation Indices or Inflation Index means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Inflation 
Linked Asset Conditions, the inflation indices or inflation index specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Inflation Index Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index: 
(a) 
if Daily Inflation Rate is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a level equal to 
the Daily Inflation Rate for such Inflation Index; and 
(b) 
otherwise, the level of such Inflation Index for the Reference Month that is the number of months 
immediately preceding the relevant Payment Date as determined in accordance with the relevant 
Primary Lag. 
Inflation Index Sponsor means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the 
level of the relevant Inflation Index, which as of the Issue Date of the Securities is the inflation index 
sponsor, specified for such Inflation Index in the applicable Final Terms. 
Payment Date means any date on which a payment is due and payable pursuant to the terms of the 
Securities. 
Reference Month means the calendar month for which the level of the Inflation Index was reported, 
regardless of when this information is published or announced. If the period for which the Inflation Index 
level was reported is a period other than a month, the Reference Month is the period for which the Inflation 
Index level was reported. References elsewhere in the Conditions to an "Observation Date" shall, for the 
purposes of these Inflation Linked Asset Conditions, be construed as references to the "Reference Month" 
in which such "Observation Date" falls. 
Related Bond means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the bond specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if Related Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be not applicable, the Fallback 
Bond shall be deemed to be the Related Bond. If a bond is specified to be the Related Bond in the 
applicable Final Terms and such bond redeems or matures during the term of the Securities, the Fallback 
Bond shall be deemed to be the Related Bond. 
Relevant Inflation Index Benchmark means, in respect of the Securities: 
(a) 
an Inflation Index; or  
(b) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified as a "Relevant Index Benchmark" in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
2 
EVENTS RELATING TO INFLATION LINKED SECURITIES 
2.1 
Delay of Publication 
If the level of the Inflation Index for a Reference Month which is relevant to the calculation of a payment 
under the Securities (a Relevant Level) is not published or announced by the day that is five Business 
Days prior to the next following Payment Date under the Securities, the Calculation Agent will in its 
discretion determine a Substitute Inflation Index Level (in place of such Relevant Level) by using one 
of the following methodologies: 
(a) 
if applicable, the Calculation Agent shall take the same action to determine the Substitute 
Inflation Index Level for such Payment Date as that taken by the relevant calculation agent 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond; and

--- Page 420 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 4: Asset Conditions: Inflation Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
420 
(b) 
if (a) above does not result in a Substitute Inflation Index Level for such Payment Date for any 
reason, then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level as 
follows: 
Substitute Inflation Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level / Reference Level) 
where: 
Base Level means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or 
announced by the Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months 
prior to the month for which the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being determined; 
Latest Level means the latest level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) 
published or announced by the Inflation Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which 
the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being calculated; and 
Reference Level means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) 
published or announced by the Inflation Index Sponsor prior to the month that is 12 calendar 
months prior to the month referred to in "Latest Level" above; or 
(c) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine, acting in good faith, what it believes is a commercially 
reasonable level for the Substitute Inflation Index level for such Payment Date, by reference to 
any pricing sources or valuation methodologies as it considers appropriate. 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the day that is five Business Days prior to 
the next following Payment Date under the Securities, such Relevant Level will not be used in any 
calculations. The Substitute Inflation Index Level so determined pursuant to this Inflation Linked Asset 
Condition 2.1 will be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
2.2 
Cessation of Publication 
If (i) a level for the Inflation Index has not been published or announced for two consecutive months, (ii) 
the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation 
Index or (iii) an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, then the Calculation Agent will determine a 
Successor Inflation Index (in lieu of any previously applicable index) for the purposes of the Securities 
by using the following methodology: 
(a) 
if at any time, a successor index has been designated by the relevant calculation agent pursuant 
to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, such successor index shall be designated as a 
Successor Inflation Index for the purposes of all subsequent Payment Dates in relation to the 
Securities, notwithstanding that any other Successor Inflation Index may previously have been 
determined under paragraph (b), (c) or (d) below; 
(b) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined under paragraph (a) above, and a notice 
has been given or an announcement has been made by the Inflation Index Sponsor, specifying 
that the Inflation Index will be superseded by a replacement index specified by the Inflation 
Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement index is calculated 
using the same or substantially similar formula or method of calculation as used in the calculation 
of the previously applicable index, such replacement index shall be the Inflation Index for 
purposes of the Securities from the date that such replacement index comes into effect; 
(c) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined under paragraph (a) or (b) above (and 
there has been no designation of a date for the early redemption of the Securities by the relevant 
Issuer pursuant to paragraph (e) below), the Calculation Agent shall ask five leading independent 
dealers to state what the replacement index for the Inflation Index should be. If at least four

--- Page 421 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 4: Asset Conditions: Inflation Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
421 
responses are received, and of those responses, three or more leading independent dealers state 
the same index, such index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If three responses 
are received, and two or more leading independent dealers state the same index, such index will 
be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If fewer than three responses are received, the 
Calculation Agent will proceed to paragraph (d) hereof; 
(d) 
if no Successor Inflation Index has been determined under paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above by 
the fifth Business Day prior to the next following Payment Date under the Securities, the relevant 
Issuer will determine an appropriate alternative index for such date, acting in good faith, and 
such index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index"; or  
(e) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative index, the relevant 
Issuer may, by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices) either (i) use the level of the Inflation Index on (A) the day on which the Inflation Index 
ceased to be available or (B) the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date, as applicable or, if no 
Inflation Index is published at that time or that Inflation Index cannot be used in accordance with 
applicable laws or regulations, by reference to the Inflation Index published at that time on the 
last day on which the Inflation Index was published or can be used in accordance with applicable 
laws or regulations, as applicable or (ii) redeem the Securities in whole but not in part, each 
Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable, the General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
2.3 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any time, the 
Inflation Index so rebased (the Rebased Inflation Index) will be used for purposes of determining the 
level of the Inflation Index from the date of such rebasing, provided however that the Calculation Agent 
shall make such adjustments as are made by the relevant calculation agent pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of the Related Bond, if any, to the levels of the Rebased Inflation Index so that the Rebased 
Inflation Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. If there 
is no Related Bond, the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Inflation 
Index so that the Rebased Inflation Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index 
before it was rebased. Any such rebasing shall not affect any prior payments made under the Securities. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
2.4 
Material Modification 
If, on or prior to the day that is five Business Days prior to the next following Payment Date under the 
Securities, the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it will make a material change to the Inflation 
Index, then the Calculation Agent shall make any such adjustments to the Securities necessary for the 
modified Inflation Index to continue as the Inflation Index. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
2.5 
Manifest Error in Publication 
If, within the earlier of (a) 30 days of publication, and (b) the day that is five Business Days prior to the 
next following Payment Date under the Securities, the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation 
Index Sponsor has corrected the level of the Inflation Index to remedy a manifest error in its original 
publication, the Calculation Agent will notify the relevant Issuer and the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices) of (i) that correction; (ii) any amount that may be payable as a result

--- Page 422 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 4: Asset Conditions: Inflation Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
422 
of that correction, and (iii) take such other action as it may deem necessary to give effect to such 
correction. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
2.6 
Additional Disruption Event 
(a) 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or 
(provided that the Securities are not Italian Listed Securities) Increased Cost of Hedging, in each 
case unless disapplied in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means, unless Change in Law is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that, on or after the Trade Date, (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the relevant Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (i) it has 
become illegal for the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant hedge positions relating to an Inflation Index or 
the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable to 
maintain the agreements entered into in respect of such hedge positions or (ii) the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates will incur a materially increased 
cost in performing its obligations under the Securities (or any relevant hedge positions relating 
to an Inflation Index) (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease 
in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that: 
(a) 
In respect of Securities which are not Italian Listed Securities, the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge any relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (if applicable), in issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Securities, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, 
repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
(b) 
In respect of Securities which are Italian Listed Securities, Hedging Disruption means, 
unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts and as a result of an 
event which is beyond the control of such Issuer, Guarantor (if applicable) and/or 
Affiliate(s) (including, without limitation, any force majeure, act of state, change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken 
by a taxing authority), to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant 
price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor, (if applicable), issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Italian Listed Securities, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or 
transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s).

--- Page 423 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 4: Asset Conditions: Inflation Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
423 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
and/or any of their respective Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, 
without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor, (if applicable), in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to 
the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration 
of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any of their 
respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event: 
Where "Additional Disruption Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable and if an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the relevant Issuer in its sole and 
absolute discretion may take the action, if applicable, described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to the Conditions to account for the 
Additional Disruption Event and determine the effective date of such adjustment; or 
(ii) 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed 
by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) 
stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
2.7 
Other Events 
This Condition will apply to the Securities unless specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these Inflation Linked Asset Conditions, if any other 
event occurs which the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on the 
Securities, then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate to account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which any such 
adjustments will be effective; or 
(b) 
the relevant Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this Inflation Linked Asset 
Condition 2.7, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices) giving details of such determination. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply.

--- Page 424 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 5: Asset Conditions: Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
424 
Chapter 5: Asset Conditions: Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional Terms and Conditions for Securities that are Rate Linked Securities. 
The following terms and conditions (the Rate Linked Asset Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that Rate Linked Interest Securities or Rate Linked Redemption Securities is 
applicable. These Rate Linked Asset Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Rate Linked Asset Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and 
Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
References in these Rate Linked Asset Conditions to a Rate Linked Asset Condition are to a section or clause of 
these Rate Linked Asset Conditions. 
1 
RATE LINKED SECURITIES 
Each Benchmark Rate Level shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and the provisions below in Rate Linked Asset Condition 1.1 (ISDA Determination) or Rate Linked Asset 
Condition 1.1(d) (Screen Rate Determination) shall apply, depending upon which is specified to apply in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment in each case in accordance with Rate Linked Asset 
Condition 3. 
1.1 
ISDA Determination 
(a) 
Where "ISDA Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Benchmark Rate Level is to be determined in respect of a Benchmark Rate on any 
Observation Date, such Benchmark Rate Level shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as 
a rate equal to the ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this Rate Linked Asset Condition 1.1, ISDA 
Rate means the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that 
swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under 
which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the applicable Final Terms is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option and either Compounding or Averaging is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Term: 
(A) 
an Applicable Business Day is any day that is a Business Day (as defined in 
these Conditions);  
(B) 
the relevant Reset Date is the relevant Observation Date; 
(C) 
the Daily Capped Rate is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(D) 
the Daily Floored Rate is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(E) 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, and if so, the applicable number of days is either (I) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (II) if no number is specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, five (5); 
(F) 
if Compounding is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(I) 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 425 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 5: Asset Conditions: Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
425 
(II) 
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, and if so, the Lookback is either (1) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (2) if no number is 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, the number specified 
as the "Lookback" for the relevant Floating Rate Option in the ISDA 
Definitions, or (3) if no such number is specified for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
(III) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be applicable if 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, and if so, Set in 
Advance will be applicable if specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day is as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, and the Observation Period 
Shift is either (1) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (2) if 
no number is specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number specified as the "Observation Period Shift" for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or (3) if no such 
number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
and 
(IV) 
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms, and if so, Lockout Period Business Day 
is as specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Lockout is either 
(1) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (2) if no number is 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, the number specified 
as the "Lockout" for the relevant Floating Rate Option in the ISDA 
Definitions, or (3) if no such number is specified for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, five (5); or 
(G) 
if Averaging is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(I) 
Overnight Averaging will be applicable if specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(II) 
Averaging with Lookback will be applicable if specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms, and if so, the Lookback is either (1) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (2) if no number is 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, the number specified 
as the "Lookback" for the relevant Floating Rate Option in the ISDA 
Definitions, or (3) if no such number is specified for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
(III) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift will be applicable if 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, and if so, Set in 
Advance will be applicable if specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day is as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Observation Period 
Shift is either (1) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (2) if 
no number is specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number specified as the "Observation Period Shift" for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or (3) if no such 
number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
and 
(IV) 
Averaging with Lockout will be applicable if specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, and if so, Lockout Period Business Day is as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Lockout is either (1)

--- Page 426 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 5: Asset Conditions: Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
426 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (2) if no number is 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, the number specified 
as the "Lockout" for the relevant Floating Rate Option in the ISDA 
Definitions, or (3) if no such number is specified for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, five (5); or 
(iii) 
otherwise: 
(A) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms for 
the relevant Observation Date; and 
(B) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this Rate Linked Asset Condition 1.1, Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity, Reset Date, Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Applicable Business Day, Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day, Lockout 
Period Business Day, Daily Capped Rate, Daily Floored Rate, OIS Compounding, 
Compounding with 
Lookback, 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift, 
Compounding with Lockout, Overnight Averaging, Averaging with Lookback, Averaging 
with Observation Period Shift, Averaging with Lockout, Delayed Payment, Set in Advance, 
Lookback, Observation Period Shift and Lockout have the meanings given to those terms in 
the ISDA Definitions, but with references, where applicable, to "the Confirmation" being read 
as "the applicable Final Terms". 
(b) 
In respect of any Reset Date, for the purpose of determining the Floating Rate (in order to 
establish the Benchmark Rate Level for a given Benchmark Rate) pursuant to the relevant 
Floating Rate Option under the ISDA Definitions, where such date is also specified in the Final 
Terms as being an Observation Date for the same Benchmark Rate determination, then the 
Floating Rate will be determined pursuant to that Floating Rate Option on the basis of the rate 
or rates observed from the specified screens, websites, other electronic sources or platforms, 
companies, institutions or other entities, in each case as of such Reset Date, disregarding any 
requirement in the ISDA Definitions to observe such rate or rates as of a date earlier than the 
Reset Date (but without prejudice to any fallback process specified for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option that requires such rate or rates to be observed for such Floating Rate Option as of a 
different date where they cannot be observed as of the Reset Date). 
(c) 
Where the ISDA Definitions state that the determination of the Floating Rate Option will be 
pursuant to any requirement for the Calculation Agent to request quotes from Reference Banks, 
Reference Dealers or major banks pursuant to the ISDA Definitions, such requirement to make 
requests for quotations for rates from, and the provision of quotations for rates by, the requisite 
number of Reference Banks, Reference Dealers or major banks may be effected by reference to 
and using quotations or tradable market prices which are made available by such Reference 
Banks, Reference Dealers or major banks via electronic data providers or electronic trading 
platforms. For the purposes of the preceding sentence, the terms "Reference Banks" and 
"Reference Dealers" shall have the meanings set out in the ISDA Definitions. If the fallback as 
set out in the definition of the Floating Rate Option pursuant to the ISDA Definitions does not 
produce a result, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
(d) 
The Calculation Agent, acting reasonably, may amend this Rate Linked Asset Condition 1.1 
from time to time to the extent that it determines necessary in order to ensure consistency with 
prevailing market standards or market trading conventions (as established pursuant to the 
agreement of the leading dealers in the derivatives market for rates or any relevant committee 
established by ISDA, a market-wide protocol, any applicable law or regulation or the rules of 
any applicable exchange or clearing system) that would be or are applicable to any Reference 
Hedge Transaction from time to time. The Calculation Agent may not, without the consent of 
the relevant Issuer, make any amendments to Rate Linked Asset Condition 1.1 of the Securities

--- Page 427 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 5: Asset Conditions: Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
427 
pursuant to this Rate Linked Asset Condition 1.1(d) other than to the extent necessary to give 
effect to the relevant change(s). The Calculation Agent shall notify the relevant Issuer and the 
Securityholders as soon as reasonably practicable upon making any such amendment. 
For the purpose of the above paragraph, Reference Hedge Transaction means a transaction 
entered into, or which would be entered into, on market standard terms and at arm's length with 
a leading dealer in the relevant market and pursuant to which the Issuer's risk in respect of its 
payment obligations linked to any interest rate benchmark referenced in the Securities is, or 
would be, hedged. 
1.2 
Screen Rate Determination 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Benchmark Rate Level is to be determined in respect of a Benchmark Rate on any date of determination, 
such Benchmark Rate Level shall, subject as provided below, be either: 
(a) 
the offered quotation; or 
(b) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary in accordance with General Condition 4.6 (Rounding)) 
of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Benchmark Rate which appears or appear, as the case 
may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant date in question 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five (5) or more of such offered quotations are available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided in General Condition 4.6 (Rounding)) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Rate Linked Asset Condition 1.1(d)(a) 
(Screen Rate Determination), no offered quotation appears or, in the case of Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
1.1(d)(b) (Screen Rate Determination), fewer than three (3) offered quotations appear, in each case at the 
Relevant Screen Page Time, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide 
the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Benchmark Rate at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered quotations, the Benchmark Rate Level for 
the relevant date shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary in accordance with General Condition 
4.6 (Rounding)) of the offered quotations, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Observation Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with 
an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Benchmark Rate Level for the relevant 
date shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary in accordance with General Condition 4.6 (Rounding)) of the rates, as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two (2) or 
more of them, at which such banks were offered, at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant date 
of determination, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Benchmark Rate by leading banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market or, if fewer than two 
(2) of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Benchmark Rate, 
or the arithmetic mean (rounded in accordance with General Condition 4.6 (Rounding)) of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Benchmark Rate, at which, at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant date, any one or more banks 
(which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the relevant Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, provided that, if the 
Benchmark Rate Level cannot be determined on the relevant Observation Date in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this Rate Linked Asset Condition 1, the Benchmark Rate Level shall be 
determined on the relevant Observation Date as at the last preceding date of determination.

--- Page 428 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 5: Asset Conditions: Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
428 
In respect of any Interest Accrual Period to which "Linear Interpolation" is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Benchmark Rate Level for that Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, through the use of straight-line interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Benchmark Rate, one of which shall be determined as if 
the Designated Maturity of that rate were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity of that rate were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of 
the Interest Accrual Period. 
2 
ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENT 
2.1 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or (provided that 
the Securities are not Italian Listed Securities) Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case unless disapplied 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means, unless Change in Law is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that, on or after the Trade Date, (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable 
law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the relevant Issuer determines in its 
sole and absolute discretion that (i) it has become illegal for the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or 
any of their respective Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant hedge positions relating to a 
Benchmark Rate or the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is 
unable to maintain the agreements entered into in respect of such hedge positions or (ii) the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under the Securities (or any relevant hedge positions relating to a Benchmark 
Rate) (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other 
adverse effect on its tax position). 
Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that: 
(a) 
In respect of Securities which are not Italian Listed Securities, the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
(if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk including but 
not limited to the currency risk of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (if applicable), in issuing 
and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, 
receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
(b) 
In respect of Securities which are Italian Listed Securities, Hedging Disruption means, unless 
Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts and as a result of an event which is beyond the control of such 
Issuer, Guarantor (if applicable) and/or Affiliate(s) (including, without limitation, any force 
majeure, act of state, change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, 
any tax law), promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including 
any action taken by a taxing authority), to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price 
risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (if 
applicable), issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Italian Listed Securities, 
or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s).

--- Page 429 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 5: Asset Conditions: Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
429 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge any relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor, (if applicable), in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (b) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such 
materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates shall not be deemed 
an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
2.2 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
Where "Additional Disruption Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and 
if an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the relevant Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take 
the action, if applicable, described in (a) or (b) below: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate 
adjustment, if any, to be made to the Conditions to account for the Additional Disruption Event 
and determine the effective date of such adjustment; or 
(b) 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), 
redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an 
amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices). 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating the 
occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken 
in relation thereto. 
3 
BENCHMARK TRIGGER EVENTS 
(a) 
If an Index Cessation Event occurs and the Relevant Rate Benchmark is a Priority Fallback 
Benchmark, the related Priority Fallback shall apply.  If the Priority Fallback does not produce 
an outcome then Rate Linked Asset Condition 3(b) below shall apply. 
(b) 
Subject to Rate Linked Asset Condition 3(a) above, if a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs, the 
Calculation Agent shall elect to take one of the actions described in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii) or 
(iii) below, or to the extent that the Calculation Agent does not consider it commercially 
reasonable or possible to apply any one of those options or any of the outcomes produced from 
those options, the Calculation Agent may elect to apply the option in sub-paragraph (iv) below, 
and if no election is made by the Calculation Agent, Rate Linked Asset Condition 3(e) below 
shall apply, in each case with the applied option taking effect from the Business Day following 
the Cut-Off Date: 
(i) 
If an Impacted Index and an Alternative Pre-nominated Index have been specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, (A) the Relevant Rate Benchmark will be replaced with the 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index, (B) the Calculation Agent shall apply the Adjustment 
Spread to the Alternative Pre-nominated Index and (C) the Calculation Agent may, after 
taking into account any Adjustment Spread, make such other adjustments to any of the 
Conditions as are necessary to account for the effect on the Securities of referencing the 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index.

--- Page 430 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 5: Asset Conditions: Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
430 
(ii) 
If there is an Alternative Post-nominated Index, (A) the Relevant Rate Benchmark will 
be replaced with the Alternative Post-nominated Index, (B) the Calculation Agent shall 
apply the Adjustment Spread to the Alternative Post-nominated Index and (C) the 
Calculation Agent may, after taking into account any Adjustment Spread, make such 
other adjustments to any of the Conditions as are necessary to account for the effect on 
the Securities of referencing the Alternative Post-nominated Index. Notwithstanding the 
above, if, in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark, more than one Relevant Nominating 
Body formally designates, nominates or recommends (I) an Alternative Post-nominated 
Index or (II) in respect of the same Alternative Post-nominated Index, a spread or 
methodology for calculating a spread in relation to the replacement of the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark with that Alternative Post Nominated Index, in each case by Close of 
Business on the Cut-off Date, then the Calculation Agent cannot elect to apply the 
option described in this Rate Linked Asset Condition 3(b)(ii). 
(iii) 
If there is a Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index, (A) the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark will be replaced with the Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index, 
(B) the Calculation Agent shall apply the Adjustment Spread to the Calculation Agent 
Nominated Replacement Index and (C) the Calculation Agent may, after taking into 
account any Adjustment Spread, make such other adjustments to any of the Conditions 
as are necessary to account for the effect on the Securities of referencing the Calculation 
Agent Nominated Replacement Index. 
(iv) 
Upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), the relevant Issuer shall redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each 
Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount. 
(c) 
If an Index Cessation Event occurs, the Cut-off Date will be the later of (i) 15 Business Days 
following the day on which the public statement is made or the information is published (in each 
case, as referred to in the definition of "Index Cessation Event") and (ii) the first day on which 
the Relevant Rate Benchmark is no longer available, provided that, if more than one Relevant 
Nominating Body formally designates, nominates or recommends an Alternative Post-nominated 
Index or a spread or methodology for calculating a spread in accordance with Rate Linked Asset 
Condition 3(b)(ii) and one or more of those Relevant Nominating Bodies does so on or after the 
day that is three Business Days before such date, then the Cut-off Date will instead be the second 
Business Day following the date that, but for this proviso, would have been the Cut-off Date. 
(d) 
If an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the Cut-off Date will be the later of (i) 15 Business 
Days following the day on which the notice contemplated in the definition of 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" is effective, and (ii) the Administrator/Benchmark Event 
Date, provided that, if more than one Relevant Nominating Body formally designates, nominates 
or recommends an Alternative Post-nominated Index or a spread or methodology for calculating 
a spread in accordance with Rate Linked Asset Condition 3(b)(ii) and one or more of those 
Relevant Nominating Bodies does so on or after the day that is three Business Days before such 
date, then the Cut-off Date will instead be the second Business Day following the date that, but 
for this proviso, would have been the Cut-off Date. 
(e) 
If, following a Benchmark Trigger Event, the Relevant Rate Benchmark is required for any 
determination in respect of the Securities and, at that time, the Calculation Agent has not elected 
to take one of the actions in Rate Linked Asset Condition 3(b), then, for the purposes of that 
determination: 
(i) 
if: 
(A) 
in relation to an Index Cessation Event, the Relevant Rate Benchmark is still 
available; or

--- Page 431 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 5: Asset Conditions: Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
431 
(B) 
in relation to an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Administrator/ 
Benchmark Event Date has not yet occurred, 
the level of the Relevant Rate Benchmark shall be determined pursuant to the terms that 
would apply to the determination of the Relevant Rate Benchmark as if no Benchmark 
Trigger Event had occurred; 
(ii) 
if 
(A) 
the 
Relevant 
Benchmark 
is 
no 
longer 
available 
or 
(B) 
the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date has occurred, the level of the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark shall be determined pursuant to the fallback(s), if any, provided in the 
Conditions of the Securities (including any applicable Asset Linked Conditions) to 
determine a level for the Relevant Rate Benchmark in circumstances in which the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark is not available and no Benchmark Trigger Event has 
occurred; or 
(iii) 
if a level for the Relevant Rate Benchmark cannot be determined under sub-
paragraph (i) or (ii) above, as applicable, the level of the Relevant Rate Benchmark shall 
be determined by reference to the rate published in respect of the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark at the time at which the Relevant Rate Benchmark is ordinarily determined 
on (A) the day on which the Relevant Rate Benchmark ceased to be available or (B) the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date, as applicable or, if no rate is published at that 
time or that rate cannot be used in accordance with applicable law or regulation, by 
reference to the rate published at that time on the last day on which the rate was 
published or can be used in accordance with applicable law or regulation, as applicable. 
(f) 
If, in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise 
constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event also constitutes an Index Cessation 
Event or (ii) an Index Cessation Event and an Administrator/Benchmark Event would otherwise 
be continuing at the same time, it will, in either case, constitute an Index Cessation Event and 
will not constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event, provided that, if the date 
that would otherwise have been the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date would have occurred 
before the Relevant Rate Benchmark is no longer available, Rate Linked Condition 3(e) shall 
apply as if an Administrator/Benchmark Event had occurred. 
(g) 
For the purposes of Rate Linked Condition 3(b), the Adjustment Spread shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent, provided that, in relation to an Alternative Post-nominated Index, if a 
spread or methodology for calculating a spread has been formally designated, nominated or 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the replacement of the Relevant 
Rate Benchmark with the Alternative Post-nominated Index, then that spread shall apply or that 
methodology shall be used to determine the Adjustment Spread, as applicable. 
(h) 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act, make a determination or to exercise 
judgement in any way under this Rate Linked Asset Condition 3, it will do so in good faith, in a 
commercially reasonable manner and by reference to any Relevant Market Data. 
(i) 
If, in respect of the Securities: 
(i) 
it is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation to 
determine the Relevant Benchmark in accordance with any applicable fallback (or it 
would be unlawful were a determination to be made at such time);  
(ii) 
it would contravene any applicable licensing requirements to determine the Relevant 
Benchmark in accordance with any applicable fallback (or it would contravene those 
licensing requirements were a determination to be made at such time); or 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Adjustment Spread is or would be a 
benchmark, index or other price source whose production, publication, methodology or

--- Page 432 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 5: Asset Conditions: Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
432 
governance would subject the Calculation Agent or the relevant Issuer to material 
additional regulatory obligations, 
then the Relevant Benchmark shall be determined in accordance with the next applicable fallback 
(applied in accordance with its terms) provided that, in respect of sub-paragraph (i) and (ii) 
above, the next applicable fallback shall be the first applicable fallback that complies with the 
applicable law, regulation or licensing requirements. 
(j) 
Following a Benchmark Trigger Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating the occurrence 
of the Benchmark Trigger Event, giving details thereof and the action that the Calculation Agent 
propose to take in relation thereto in accordance with this Rate Linked Asset Condition 3. 
(k) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable, the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
4 
OTHER EVENTS 
This Condition will apply to the Securities unless specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these Rate Linked Asset Conditions, if any other 
event occurs which the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on the 
Securities, then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate to account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which any such 
adjustments will be effective; or 
(b) 
the relevant Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this Rate Linked Asset Condition 4, the 
relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices) giving details of such determination. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
5 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS RELATING TO RATE LINKED SECURITIES 
Adjustment Spread means, in respect of the Securities, the adjustment, if any, which the Calculation 
Agent determines is required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any 
transfer of economic value from the relevant Issuer to the Securityholders, or vice versa, as a result of the 
replacement made pursuant to Rate Linked Asset Condition 3. Any such adjustment may take account of, 
without limitation, any transfer of economic value as a result of any difference in the term structure or 
tenor of the Alternative Pre-nominated Index, Alternative Post-nominated Index or Calculation Agent 
Nominated Replacement Index, as applicable, by comparison to the Relevant Benchmark.  Subject to 
Rate Linked Condition 3(g), the Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero or determined 
pursuant to a formula or methodology. 
Administrator Bankruptcy has the meaning set out in the Definitions . 
Administrator/Benchmark Event has the meaning given to it in the Definitions . 
Alternative Post-nominated Index means, in respect of a Relevant Benchmark, any index, benchmark 
or other price source which is formally designated, nominated or recommended by:

--- Page 433 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 5: Asset Conditions: Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
433 
(a) 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark, provided that the market or economic 
reality that such index, benchmark or other price source measures is the same as that measured 
by the Relevant Benchmark, 
in each case, to replace the Relevant Benchmark. If a replacement is designated or nominated under both 
sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) above, then the replacement under sub-paragraph (a) shall be the Alternative 
Post-nominated Index. 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index means, in respect of an Impacted Index, the first of the indices, 
benchmarks or other price sources specified as an "Alternative Pre-nominated Index" in the applicable 
Final Terms and not subject to a Benchmark Trigger Event. 
Benchmark Rates and Benchmark Rate means each of the rates or the rate specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Benchmark Rate Level means, in respect of a Benchmark Rate and any date of determination, the rate 
determined for such Benchmark Rate in accordance with these Rate Linked Asset Conditions in respect 
of such date of determination. 
Benchmark Trigger Event has the meaning set out in the Definitions . 
Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index means, in respect of a Relevant Benchmark, the 
index, benchmark or other price source that the Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially 
reasonable alternative for the Relevant Benchmark. 
Close of Business means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if no such time is 
specified, 5p.m. (local time) in the time zone applicable to the relevant Issuer on a Business Day. 
Cut-off Date has the meaning given to it in Rate Linked Asset Condition 3(c) or 3(d), as applicable, 
above. 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount has the meaning set out in the Definitions . 
Impacted Index means, in respect of the Securities, the index, benchmark or other price source 
(howsoever described) specified as an "Impacted Index" in the applicable Final Terms. 
Index Cessation Event has the meaning set out in the Definitions . 
ISDA Definitions has the meaning set out in the Definitions . 
Observation Date means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms or 
otherwise deemed to be an Observation Date in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. 
Priority Fallback means, in respect of a rate benchmark, any fallback for such rate benchmark that the 
Calculation Agent determines would be a "Priority Fallback" under the terms of a Rate Hedge Transaction 
referencing that rate benchmark. 
Priority Fallback Benchmark means any Relevant Rate Benchmark that the Calculation Agent 
determines has a Priority Fallback applicable to it. 
Rate Hedge Transaction means a transaction entered, or which would be entered, into on market 
standard terms and at arm's length with a leading dealer in the relevant market and pursuant to which the 
Issuer's risk in respect of its payment obligations linked to any Relevant Rate Benchmark referenced in 
the Securities is, or would be, hedged and which will, or would, incorporate the ISDA Benchmarks 
Supplement, as published by ISDA (or terms substantially equivalent to the terms thereof).

--- Page 434 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 5: Asset Conditions: Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
434 
Reference Banks means the principal office of four (4) major banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, 
in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Inter-Bank Market means the inter-bank market specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Relevant Market Data has the meaning set out in the Definitions . 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Relevant Benchmark: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Relevant Benchmark is denominated or any central 
bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Relevant Benchmark or 
the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (i) the central bank for the 
currency in which the Relevant Benchmark is denominated, (ii) any central bank or other 
supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Relevant Rate Benchmark or the 
administrator of the Relevant Rate Benchmark, (iii) a group of those central banks or other 
supervisors or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
Relevant Rate Benchmark means, in respect of the Securities: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is 
referred to in the Floating Rate Option);  
(b) 
the Relevant Screen Page (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is 
referred to in the Relevant Screen Page); 
(c) 
the Impacted Index (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is referred 
to in the Impacted Index); or 
(d) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified as a "Relevant Rate Benchmark" in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
To the extent that (i) any index, benchmark or price source comprising the Priority Fallback, (ii) the 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index, (iii) the Alternative Post-nominated Index or (iv) the Calculation Agent 
Nominated Replacement Index, applies pursuant to Rate Linked Asset Condition 3(a) or (b) above, as 
applicable, it shall be a Relevant Rate Benchmark from the day on which it first applies. 
Relevant Screen Page means the screen page specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Screen Page Time means such time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Specified Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 435 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
435 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional Terms and Conditions for Securities that are ETF Linked Securities. 
The following terms and conditions (the ETF Linked Asset Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that ETF Linked Interest Securities or ETF Linked Redemption Securities is 
applicable. These ETF Linked Asset Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these ETF Linked Asset Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and 
Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
References in these ETF Linked Asset Conditions to an ETF Linked Asset Condition are to a section or clause of 
these ETF Linked Asset Conditions. 
1 
ETF LINKED SECURITIES 
Unless the Securities are redeemed early in accordance with these ETF Linked Asset Conditions, if the 
determination of (A) the Interest Amount (in the case of ETF Linked Interest Securities) or (B) (I) the 
Final Redemption Amount, (II) the Early Redemption Amount or (III) the Instalment Redemption 
Amount (in the case of ETF Linked Redemption Securities), as the case may be, is postponed as a result 
of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, then: 
(a) 
payment of any such amount (the Affected Amount) will be made on the scheduled date for 
payment of such amount or, if later, on the date falling two (2) Payment Extension Days (or such 
other number of Payment Extension Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) following 
the earlier to occur of (i) the ETF Determination Date; and (ii) the Disruption Longstop Date; 
and 
(b) 
such Affected Amount shall be paid without any interest or other sum payable in respect of the 
postponement of the payment of the Affected Amount. 
2 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS RELATING TO ETF LINKED SECURITIES 
Asset Transfer Notice has the meaning given to such term in ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.6 (Physical 
Settlement Procedures). 
Averaging Date means any Observation Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
such dates are specified, in respect of an ETF Linked Security where the ETF Closing Price is used to 
determine an Underlying Value and the applicable Relevant Observation provides that "Average 
Underlying Level" shall apply, each deemed Observation Date which is a Relevant Timing for the 
purposes of calculating the Relevant Observation. 
Averaging Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last 
Scheduled Trading Day in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another 
Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date in respect of the relevant 
Scheduled Observation Date. 
Basket or Basket of ETF means a basket composed of the ETF in the relative proportions or numbers of 
ETF specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Basket ETF Linked Securities means ETF Linked Securities, which are linked to more than one ETF 
Unit, as, specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Clearance System means the clearance system specified for an ETF in the Final Terms or any successor 
to such clearance system as determined by the Calculation Agent. If the Final Terms does not specify a 
Clearance System, the Clearance System will be the principal domestic clearance system customarily

--- Page 436 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
436 
used for settling trades in the relevant ETF. If the Clearance System ceases to settle trades in such ETF, 
the Calculation Agent will determine what is deemed to be the relevant Clearing System. 
Clearance System Business Day means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such 
Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open 
for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
Currency Rate means with respect to the relevant ETF Unit, the rate of conversion between the 
Settlement Currency and ETF Unit Currency. The relevant rate shall be the rate displayed on the Currency 
Screen Page as of the Currency Specified Date at the Currency Specified Time or, if no such Currency 
Screen Page is specified in the applicable Final Terms or such Currency Screen Page is not available, the 
relevant rate shall be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
Currency Screen Page means the relevant screen page specified in the applicable Final Terms for the 
purpose of determining the relevant exchange rate or, if no such Currency Screen Page is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the screen page determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in 
commercially reasonable manner. 
Currency Specified Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of 
determining the relevant exchange rate or, if no such Currency Specified Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the date determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in commercially 
reasonable manner. 
Currency Specified Time means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of 
determining the relevant exchange rate or, if no such Currency Specified Time is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the specified time determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in 
commercially reasonable manner. 
Deliver means to deliver, novate, transfer, assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the 
settlement of the applicable ETF Unit (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and 
taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title and interest in the ETF Unit, to the 
relevant Issuer or the Securityholders, as the case may be, free and clear of any and all liens, charges, 
claims or encumbrances (including, without limitation, any counterclaim, defence or right of set-off by 
or of the ETF. Delivered and Delivery will be construed accordingly. 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of an ETF (or, in the case of a Basket of ETF, in respect of any ETF 
comprising the Basket and observed separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) a relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (b) a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred. 
Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last Scheduled 
Trading Day in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Escrow Agent means an independent third party financial institution (a) specified by the relevant Issuer 
prior to the Physical Settlement Date or (b) specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case subject 
to the terms of the escrow arrangement. 
ETF means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these ETF Linked Asset Conditions, the exchange 
traded fund(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
ETF Closing Price means in respect of an ETF Unit and a given day, the Net Asset Value of such ETF 
Unit for that day or the official closing price of such ETF Unit on the relevant Exchange for that day, as 
selected by the Calculation Agent, in each case as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of 
ETF Linked Asset Condition 3 (Events relating to ETF Linked Securities) below unless the Calculation 
Agent determines that, in accordance with market conventions, such method of determining the ETF

--- Page 437 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
437 
Closing Price is not applicable in which case the ETF Closing Price shall be determined in the manner 
elected by the Calculation Agent, having regard to such market conventions. 
ETF Determination Date has the meaning set out in ETF Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b) (Consequences 
of the occurrence of Disrupted Days). 
ETF Documents means, in respect of any ETF, the constitutive and governing documents and other 
agreements of the ETF specifying the terms and conditions relating to such ETF. 
ETF Price means, in respect of an ETF Unit and a given Scheduled Trading Day, the price of such ETF 
Unit on the relevant Exchange at the Valuation Time during a trading session on that Scheduled Trading 
Day, as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of ETF Linked Asset Condition 3 (Events 
relating to ETF Linked Securities) below unless the Calculation Agent determines that in accordance with 
market conventions, such method of determining the ETF Price is not appropriate in which case the ETF 
Price shall be determined in the manner elected by the Calculation Agent, having regard to such market 
conventions. 
ETF Service Provider means, in respect of any ETF, any person who is appointed to provide services, 
directly or indirectly, for that ETF, whether or not specified in the ETF Documents, including any fund 
investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person appointed in the role of discretionary 
investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment 
adviser to a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such ETF (the 
ETF Adviser), trustee or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such ETF, 
operator, management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and 
transfer agent or domiciliary agent. 
ETF Unit or Unit means, in respect of any ETF, a share or unit of such ETF. 
ETF Unit Currency means the currency or currencies in which an ETF Unit is denominated. 
ETF Unit Dealer means (a) a dealer in obligations of the type of ETF Unit for which quotations are to 
be obtained (as selected by the Calculation Agent) and may include the Calculation Agent or its Affiliate 
and a Securityholder or its Affiliate or (b) such other dealer specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
ETF Valuation Day means, in respect of each ETF observed separately, any date as defined in the ETF 
Documents as of which the official net asset value of such ETF is determined in accordance with its ETF 
Documents. 
Exchange means, in respect of an ETF, each corresponding exchange or quotation system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, or any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in the ETF, has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation 
Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such ETF, on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
Exchange Business Day means either (a) in the case of an ETF, Exchange Business Day (Single ETF 
Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of ETF, (i) the Exchange Business Day (All ETF Basis) or (ii) the 
Exchange Business Day (Per ETF Basis) as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If no Exchange 
Business Day is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (All ETF 
Basis) shall be deemed to apply for a Basket and Exchange Business Day (Single ETF Basis) shall apply 
otherwise. 
Exchange Business Day (All ETF Basis) means, in respect of all ETF, any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time.

--- Page 438 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
438 
Exchange Business Day (Per ETF Basis) means, in respect of an ETF, any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which the relevant Exchange and the Related Exchange in respect of such ETF are open for trading during 
their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing 
prior to their Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Single ETF Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant 
Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing 
prior to their Scheduled Closing Time. 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount has the meaning set out in the Definitions . 
Fractional ETF Unit means, per Specified Denomination, any fraction of an ETF Unit arising from 
determining the Number of ETF Units. Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the Fractional ETF 
Unit will be rounded down to three decimal places closer. 
Fractional ETF Unit Amount means an amount, per Specified Denomination, equal to the product of 
the Fractional ETF Unit and the relevant ETF Closing Price attributable to the relevant ETF Unit on the 
Observation Date related to the relevant Redemption Date, Early Redemption Date or Instalment Date, 
converted where necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Currency Rate (or, if there is no such 
Observation Date, such other date as is determined by the Calculation Agent). 
Full Quotation means a firm bid quotation obtained from an ETF Unit Dealer at the Quotation Valuation 
Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for a number of Undeliverable ETF Units. 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by a Hypothetical 
Investor, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in the ETF, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate 
transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash 
deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever 
described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer's obligations under 
the Securities linked to or indexed to the relevant ETF due on the Redemption Date apportioned pro rata 
to each outstanding Security. 
Hypothetical Investor means, with respect to the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, a hypothetical investor 
in such Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including the ETF Units), located in France (which for the 
avoidance of doubt may be the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates), and deemed, in respect of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions constituted by the ETF, to have 
(a) the benefits and obligations, as provided under the ETF Documents, of an investor holding the ETF; 
(b) in the case of any deemed redemption of such ETF, to have submitted a Valid Order requesting 
redemption of the ETF; and (c) in the case of any deemed investment in such ETF, to have submitted a 
Valid Order requesting subscription of the ETF. 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date means 150 calendar days following the Physical 
Settlement Date (or any earlier date designated by the Calculation Agent following any determination by 
the Calculation Agent that the relevant Issuer, or the Delivery Agent on its behalf, is or will be unable to, 
or it will be impossible, impractical or illegal for the relevant Issuer or the Delivery Agent on its behalf 
to, Deliver all or any portion of the ETF Units). 
Maximum Days of Disruption means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such other number of 
Scheduled Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Net Asset Value in respect of an ETF and an ETF Valuation Day, the amount or amounts per unit of such 
ETF including (for subscription orders) or net (for redemption orders) of all applicable costs, taxes and 
fees (if any) that would be paid (for subscription orders) or received (for redemption orders) in cash in 
one or more times by a Hypothetical Investor pursuant to a Valid Order for the subscription or redemption 
(as applicable) of units of the ETF scheduled to be executed on the official net asset value per unit

--- Page 439 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
439 
determined by the ETF (or the ETF service provider that generally determines such value) dated as of 
such ETF Valuation Day. 
Number of ETF Units means: 
(a) 
in relation to an ETF Linked Security linked to one single ETF: 
(i) 
the number of relevant ETF Units per Specified Denomination specified as a number in 
the Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms provides that the Number of ETF Units is determined by 
reference to "Calculation Agent Determination – Specified Denomination", the 
number of ETF Units, determined by the Calculation Agent, resulting from dividing the 
Specified Denomination by (A) the relevant Physical Settlement ETF Price or (B) if no 
Physical Settlement ETF Price is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant ETF Closing 
Price (or a percentage of such relevant ETF Closing Price) attributable to the relevant 
ETF on the relevant Observation Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
converted where necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Currency Rate (or, if 
there is no such Observation Date, such other date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent); 
(iii) 
if the applicable Final Terms provides that the Number of ETF Units is determined by 
reference to "Calculation Agent Determination – Final / Instalment Redemption 
Amount", the number of ETF Units, determined by the Calculation Agent, resulting 
from dividing the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, calculated per Specified Denomination by (A) the relevant Physical 
Settlement ETF Price or (B) if no Physical Settlement ETF Price is specified in the Final 
Terms, the relevant ETF Closing Price (or a percentage of such relevant ETF Closing 
Price) attributable to the relevant ETF on the relevant Observation Date (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) converted where necessary into the Settlement Currency 
using the Currency Rate (or, if there is no such Observation Date, such other date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(iv) 
such other determination as is specified in the Final Terms; and 
(b) 
in relation to a Basket ETF Linked Security and for each Physical Settlement ETF comprised in 
the Basket: 
(i) 
the number of relevant ETF Units relating to such Physical Settlement ETF in the 
Basket per Specified Denomination specified as a number in the Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms provides that the Number of ETF Units is determined by 
reference to "Calculation Agent Determination – Specified Denomination", for each 
Physical Settlement ETF, the number of ETF Units, determined by the Calculation 
Agent, resulting from dividing the Specified Denomination (or, if a Weighting is 
expressed to be applicable to the relevant ETF in the Final Terms, the product of the 
Specified Denomination and the applicable Weighting) by (A) the relevant Physical 
Settlement ETF Price or (B) if no Physical Settlement ETF Price is specified in the Final 
Terms, the relevant ETF Closing Price (or a percentage of such ETF Closing Price) 
attributable to the relevant ETF on the relevant Observation Date (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) converted where necessary into the Settlement Currency using 
the Currency Rate (or, if there is no such Observation Date, such other date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent); 
(iii) 
if the applicable Final Terms provides that the Number of ETF Units is determined by 
reference to "Calculation Agent Determination – Final / Instalment Redemption 
Amount", for each Physical Settlement ETF, the number of ETF Units, determined by

--- Page 440 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
440 
the Calculation Agent, resulting from dividing the Final Redemption Amount or 
Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, calculated per Specified 
Denomination (or, if a Weighting is expressed to be applicable to the relevant ETF in 
the Final Terms, the product of the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, and the applicable Weighting) by (A) the 
relevant Physical Settlement ETF Price or (B) if no Physical Settlement ETF Price is 
specified in the Final Terms, the relevant ETF Closing Price (or a percentage of such 
ETF Closing Price) attributable to the relevant ETF on the relevant Observation Date 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) converted where necessary into the 
Settlement Currency using the Currency Rate (or, if there is no such Observation Date, 
such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(iv) 
such other determination as specified in the Final Terms. 
Number of ETF Units to Be Delivered means the Number of ETF Units, rounded down to the lower 
whole ETF Unit. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise deemed 
to be an Observation Date in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, or if any such date is not an 
Scheduled Trading Day and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the immediately 
following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions of ETF Linked Asset Condition 
3.1(b) (Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days) below shall apply. 
Partial Cash Settlement Amount means, where (a) "Physical Settlement" is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) "Cash or Physical Settlement" is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Physical Settlement is deemed to apply in the manner set 
out in Redemption Method Condition 5 (as set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions)), an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the Realisable Amount determined for the 
Undeliverable ETF Unit. 
Partial Cash Settlement Date means, in relation to an Undeliverable ETF Unit, the date falling three (3) 
Exchange Business Days after the determination of the Realisable Value of such Undeliverable ETF Unit 
or such other date falling such number of Exchange Business Days after the determination of the 
Realisable Amount as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Payment Extension Day means a day, which is a Payment Business Day. 
Physical Settlement Amount means, in respect of an ETF Unit, the Number of ETF Units. 
Physical Settlement Date means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms in relation to an ETF, where such Physical Settlement Period starts on the 
Redemption Date or Instalment Date, as the case may be, or such other date as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
Physical Settlement ETF means, in relation to a Basket of ETFs: 
(a) 
if "All ETF" is specified in the Final Terms, each ETF in the Basket; and 
(b) 
if "Best of Performance" is specified in the Final Terms, the ETF in the Basket which the 
Calculation Agent determines has the Best of Performance in accordance with the Standard 
Payoff Conditions which are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms; 
(c) 
if "Worst of Performance" is specified in the Final Terms, the ETF in the Basket which the 
Calculation Agent determines has the Worst of Performance in accordance with the Standard 
Payoff Conditions which are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms;

--- Page 441 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
441 
(d) 
if "Worst of Performance A" is specified in the Final Terms, the ETF in the Basket which the 
Calculation Agent determines has the Worst of Performance A in accordance with the Standard 
Payoff Conditions which are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms; 
(e) 
if "Worst of Performance B" is specified in the Final Terms, the ETF in the Basket which the 
Calculation Agent determines has the Worst of Performance B in accordance with the Standard 
Payoff Conditions which are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms; 
(f) 
if "Xth Worst Performance" is specified in the Final Terms, the ETF in the Basket which the 
Calculation Agent determines has the Xth Worst Performance in accordance with the Standard 
Payoff Conditions which are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms; or 
(g) 
the ETF in the Basket which the Calculation Agent determines as having such other characteristic 
identified in the Standard Payoff Conditions which are specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms, as set out in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (b) to (g) above, if the Calculation Agent determines that there 
is more than one ETF which, as the case may be, is any of (i) the Best of Performance, (ii) Worst of 
Performance, (iii) Worst of Performance A, (iv) Worst of Performance B, (v) Xth Worst Performance or 
(vi) satisfies any other characteristic which is used to determine the Physical Settlement ETF as set out in 
the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine which of such ETFs is the Physical Settlement 
ETF in its sole discretion. 
Physical Settlement ETF Price means, in respect of the Number of ETF Units, the price (or a percentage 
of such price) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Physical Settlement Period means, in respect of a ETF Unit, the number of Exchange Business Days 
specified as such in the Final Terms or, if a number of Exchange Business Days is not so specified, then 
the longest number of Exchange Business Days for settlement in accordance with then current market 
practice of such ETF Unit, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Quotation means, in respect of an ETF Unit or an Undeliverable ETF Unit, each Full Quotation or 
Weighted Average Quotation, as the case may be, obtained and expressed as an amount payable for the 
Quotation Amount, with respect to a Relevant Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to the Relevant 
Valuation Date from three (3) or more ETF Unit Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to 
obtain two (2) or more such Full Quotations on the same Exchange Business Day within three 
(3) Exchange Business Days of the Relevant Valuation Date, then on the next following 
Exchange Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Exchange Business Day thereafter until the 
tenth Exchange Business Day following the applicable Relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation 
Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from three (3) or more ETF Unit Dealers and, if 
two (2) or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two (2) or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average 
Quotation on the same Exchange Business Day on or prior to the tenth (10th) Exchange Business 
Day following the applicable Relevant Valuation Date the Quotations shall be deemed to be any 
Full Quotation obtained from a ETF Unit Dealer at the Quotation Valuation Time on such tenth 
(10th) Exchange Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any 
firm quotations for the ETF Unit obtained from ETF Unit Dealers at the Quotation Valuation 
Time on such tenth (10th) Exchange Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the 
Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained and a quotation shall be deemed to 
be zero (0) for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained 
on such day; and 
(b) 
if any Quotation obtained is expressed by a ETF Unit Dealer as a percentage, the Calculation 
Agent shall, for the purposes hereof, determine what such Quotation would be if expressed as an 
amount payable for the Quotation Amount.

--- Page 442 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
442 
Quotation Amount means with respect to each type of Undeliverable ETF Unit(s), an amount equal to 
the portion of the Number of ETF Units to be Delivered relating to such Undeliverable ETF Unit(s) (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) at the time of the Relevant Valuation Date. 
Quotation Valuation Time means, with respect to a Quotation, the time specified as such in Final Terms. 
Realisable Amount means the realisable value of the ETF Units or the Undeliverable ETF Units, as 
relevant, determined by the Calculation Agent as being the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation 
Agent (or otherwise in accordance with the definition of "Quotation") with respect to the Relevant 
Valuation Date and expressed in the Settlement Currency using, if applicable a conversion rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent by reference to the Currency Rate provided that in relation to ETF Units that 
takes the form in whole or in part of cash, the Realisable Amount for such portion of the ETF Units which 
related to cash shall be equal to the amount of the cash expressed in the Settlement Currency using, if 
applicable a conversion rate determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the Currency Rate. 
Related Exchange(s) means, in respect of an ETF, (a) each exchange or quotation system specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms and/or where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures and options contracts relating to such ETF and (b) 
any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in futures or options contracts relating to an ETF has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options 
contracts relating to such ETF, on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original Related Exchange). 
Relevant Valuation Date means the date that is five (5) Exchange Business Days after the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and an Scheduled 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading 
session hours subject as provided in "Valuation Time" below. 
Scheduled Observation Date means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, either (a) in the case of a single ETF, Scheduled Trading Day (Single 
ETF Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of ETF, (i) Scheduled Trading Day (All ETF Basis) or (ii) 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETF Basis) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If no Scheduled 
Trading Day is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All ETF 
Basis) shall be deemed to apply for a Basket of ETF and Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETF Basis) shall 
apply otherwise. 
Scheduled Trading Day (All ETF Basis) means, in respect of all ETF, any day on which each Exchange 
and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading 
sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETF Basis) means, in respect of an ETF, any day on which the relevant 
Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such ETF are scheduled to be open for trading for their 
respective regular trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETF Basis) means any day on which the relevant Exchange and relevant 
Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions. 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if no 
currency is so specified in the Final Terms, the currency of the ETF Linked Securities. 
Settlement Disruption Event means, in respect of an ETF Unit, an event beyond the control of the Issuer 
as a result of which the relevant Clearance System cannot clear the transfer of such ETF Unit.

--- Page 443 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
443 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Undeliverable ETF Unit means the ETF Unit, or portion of an ETF Unit, which, on the Physical 
Settlement Date for such ETF Unit, the Calculation Agent determines for any reason (including without 
limitation, failure by the Securityholder to deliver an Asset Transfer Notice, failure of the relevant 
clearance system or due to any law, regulation, court order or market conditions) it is impossible, 
impracticable or illegal to Deliver on the Physical Settlement Date or any ETF Unit which the Issuer 
otherwise does not Deliver in the relevant Physical Settlement Date. 
Valid Order means a valid and timely subscription or redemption order sent to the ETF or the ETF 
Service Provider that generally accepts such order, in accordance with the subscription or redemption 
notice period and the relevant cut off time as set forth in the ETF Documents. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of an ETF, the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if no Valuation Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the 
relevant Scheduled Trading Day, provided that if the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
Weighted Average Quotation means the weighted average of firm bid quotations obtained from the ETF 
Unit Dealers at the Quotation Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, each for a number of 
ETF Units or Undeliverable ETF Units, as the case may be, of as large a size as available but less than 
the Quotation Amount that in the aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
Weighting means, in relation to an ETF Unit comprised in a Basket, the percentage specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms and representing the relative weighting of such ETF Unit in the Basket. 
3 
EVENTS RELATING TO ETF LINKED SECURITIES 
3.1 
Market Disruption Events, Disrupted Days and Consequences 
(a) 
Definitions 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of an ETF, the occurrence or existence of (i) a 
Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which, in either case, the Calculation Agent 
determines, is material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation 
Time or (iii) an Early Closure, each as defined below: 
(i) 
Trading Disruption means, in respect of an ETF, any suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (A) relating to the ETF on the Exchange 
or (B) in futures or options contracts relating to the ETF on any relevant Related 
Exchange. 
(ii) 
Exchange Disruption means, in respect of an ETF, any event (other than an Early 
Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of 
market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for (A) 
the ETF on the Exchange, or (B) futures or options contracts relating to the ETF on any 
relevant Related Exchange. 
(iii) 
Early Closure means, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of (A) the relevant 
Exchange, or (B) any Related Exchange, prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless 
such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case 
may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (I) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such 
Exchange Business Day and (II) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into 
the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time 
on such Exchange Business Day.

--- Page 444 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
444 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days 
If an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
in the case of ETF Linked Securities relating to a single ETF, the Calculation Agent 
may: 
(A) 
postpone the Observation Date, in which case the Observation Date will be the 
first immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted 
Day (the ETF Determination Date), unless each consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day up to and including the Disruption Longstop Date is a Disrupted 
Day, in which case (I) the Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the 
Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day 
and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the 
ETF Closing Price as of the Valuation Time for such Disruption Longstop 
Date; or 
(B) 
determine the relevant ETF Closing Price (or a method for determining an ETF 
Closing Price) for such day, taking into consideration the latest available 
relevant ETF Closing Price and any other information that in good faith it 
deems relevant, 
(ii) 
in the case of ETF Linked Securities relating to a Basket of ETFs: 
(A) 
for each ETF not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the 
Observation Date shall be the Scheduled Observation Date; and 
(B) 
for each ETF affected (each an Affected ETF) by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent may: 
(I) 
postpone the Observation Date, in which case the Observation Date 
will be the ETF Determination Date relating to such Affected ETF, 
unless each consecutive Scheduled Trading Day up to and including 
the Disruption Longstop Date is a Disrupted Day relating to such 
Affected ETF, in which case (1) the Disruption Longstop Date shall 
be deemed to be the Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day relating to the relevant Affected ETF and 
(2) the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of 
the ETF Closing Price for the relevant Affected ETF as of the 
Valuation Time for such Disruption Longstop Date; in case of 
multiple Affected ETFs, the latest ETF Determination Date will be 
the ETF Determination Date for the purpose of ETF Linked Asset 
Condition 1(a) above; or 
(II) 
determine the ETF Closing Price (or a method for determining an ETF 
Closing Price) of the Affected ETF for such day, taking into 
consideration the latest available quotation for the relevant ETF 
Closing Price and any other information that in good faith it deems 
relevant,  
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine the ETF Closing Price in 
accordance with ETF Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b)(i) or ETF Linked Asset Condition 
3.1(b)(ii) above, as the case may be, or if such determination would not, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, account for the occurrence of the Disrupted Day: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as 
it considers appropriate to account for any such Disrupted Day and determine 
the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective. In making any

--- Page 445 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
445 
such adjustments, the Calculation Agent may take into account the equivalent 
adjustment(s) which would be made to an exchange traded fund derivative 
transaction in the interbank market following the relevant event occurring and 
where the Calculation Agent deems appropriate (in its sole and absolute 
discretion), adjust the Conditions to give effect to such adjustment(s); or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments 
for the purposes of sub-paragraph (iii)(A), the Issuer may, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the 
Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to 
the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices); and 
(iv) 
the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
on an Observation Date. Such notice shall give the details of such Disrupted Day and 
the action proposed to be taken by the Calculation Agent in relation thereto. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
(c) 
Averaging Date Disruption 
If any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then, where the consequence specified for "Averaging 
Date Disruption" in the applicable Final Terms is: 
(i) 
"Omission", then such Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging 
Date for purposes of determining the relevant ETF Closing Price, and if through the 
operation of this provision no Averaging Date would occur with respect to the relevant 
Observation Date, ETF Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b) will apply for purposes of 
determining the relevant price or amount on the final Averaging Date in respect of that 
Observation Date as if such final Averaging Date were an Observation Date that was a 
Disrupted Day; 
(ii) 
"Postponement", then ETF Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b) will apply for purposes of 
determining the relevant price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging 
Date were an Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, 
pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a date that 
already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date for the relevant ETF; or 
(iii) 
"Modified Postponement", then: 
(A) 
in the case of a Basket of ETFs, the Averaging Date for each ETF not affected 
by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as an Averaging Date in respect of the relevant 
Observation Date and the Averaging Date for any ETF affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day in relation to such ETF, and if the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
has not occurred prior to the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date, then (I) the 
Averaging Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether such day is already an Averaging Date), and (II) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or amount for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with ETF Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b); and

--- Page 446 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
446 
(B) 
otherwise, the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day, and if the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day has not occurred prior 
to the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date, then (I) the Averaging Disruption 
Longstop Date shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether 
such day is already an Averaging Date), and (II) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance 
with ETF Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b). 
3.2 
Potential Adjustment Events 
(a) 
Definitions 
Potential Adjustment Event means the occurrence of any of the following at any time on or 
after the Trade Date: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of ETF Units, or 
a free distribution or dividend of any such ETF Units to existing holders by way of 
bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant ETF Units of (i) an 
additional quantity of such ETF Units or (ii) other share capital or securities granting 
the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the ETF equally 
or proportionately with such payments to holders of such ETF Units or (iii) share 
capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) 
by the ETF as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or (iv) any other type of 
securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or 
otherwise) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
(c) 
an extraordinary dividend paid by the ETF; 
(d) 
a repurchase by the ETF of relevant ETF Units whether the consideration for such 
repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a redemption of ETF 
Units initiated by an investor in such ETF that is consistent with the ETF Documents; 
or 
(e) 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value 
of the ETF or quantity of ETF Units. 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
Following the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting 
or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the ETF or Basket of ETF and, if so: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it 
considers appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the 
relevant Issuer under the Securities and determine the date(s) on which any such 
adjustments will be effective. In making any such adjustments, the Calculation Agent 
may take into account the equivalent adjustment(s) which would be made to an 
exchange traded fund derivative transaction in the interbank market following the 
relevant event occurring and where the Calculation Agent deems appropriate (in its sole 
and absolute discretion), adjust the Conditions to give effect to such adjustment(s); or 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments for the 
purposes of sub-paragraph (i) above, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed

--- Page 447 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
447 
by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices); 
Upon the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) 
stating the occurrence of the Potential Adjustment Event, giving details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
(c) 
Adjustments to Certain ETF Linked Securities in European Currencies 
In respect of any ETF originally quoted, listed and/or dealt as of the Trade Date in a currency of 
a member state of the European Union that has not adopted the single currency in accordance 
with the Treaty, if such ETF are at any time after the Trade Date quoted, listed and/or dealt 
exclusively in Euro on the relevant Exchange or, where no Exchange is specified, the principal 
market on which those ETF are traded, then the Calculation Agent may make the corresponding 
adjustment, if any, to any relevant term(s) of the ETF Linked Securities as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to preserve the economic terms of the ETF Linked Security. The 
Calculation Agent will make any conversion necessary for the purposes of any such adjustment 
as of the Valuation Time at the appropriate mid-market spot rate of exchange determined by the 
Calculation Agent prevailing as of the Valuation Time. No adjustments under this paragraph will 
affect the currency denomination of any payment obligation arising out of the ETF Linked 
Security. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
3.3 
Extraordinary Events and consequences 
(a) 
Upon the occurrence as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the following events 
(each an Extraordinary Event) on or after the Trade Date: 
(i) 
Breach or Termination of Agreement means any failure by the ETF or an ETF Service 
Provider, as the case may be, to comply with or perform any agreement entered into by 
the ETF or an ETF Service Provider with the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates, defining the terms and conditions 
at which the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates may make subscriptions and/or redemptions in the ETF Units (as the case 
may be, different from the subscriptions and redemptions terms then prevailing pursuant 
to the ETF Documents), including as the case may be the rebates of management fees 
to be paid to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their 
respective Affiliates, the termination of such agreement by the ETF or an ETF Service 
Provider for reasons beyond the control of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates or the failing or ceasing of such 
agreement to be in full force and effect or the ETF or the ETF Service Provider 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects in whole or in part or challenges the validity 
of such agreement; 
(ii) 
Closure of the ETF means liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the ETF for any 
reason other than those mentioned in (iv) below; 
(iii) 
ETF Adviser Event means that the Calculation Agent determines that over a period of 
twelve months, the total value of the assets managed by the ETF Adviser (including the 
ETF) has decreased by 50 per cent.(either due to redemptions or decrease in value of 
such assets);

--- Page 448 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
448 
(iv) 
ETF Insolvency Event means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of any ETF, that such ETF (A) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its 
dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (B) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for 
the benefit of its creditors, (C) (I) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the 
jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency 
or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (II) has instituted 
against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding 
or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in clause (i) 
above and either (1) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of 
an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (2) is 
not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within fifteen days of the 
institution or presentation thereof; (D) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of 
an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or 
other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (E) has a secured party 
take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against 
all or substantially all of its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any 
such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 
fifteen days thereafter; or (F) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, 
under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the 
events specified in clauses (A) through (E) above; 
(v) 
ETF Modification means any change or modification of the related ETF Documents 
prevailing on the Issue Date of the Securities, that could reasonably be expected to affect 
the value of such ETF or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; 
(vi) 
ETF Service Provider Event means (A) a change, resignation, termination or 
replacement of any ETF Service Provider, (B) a change of control or indirect control of 
any ETF Service Provider, (C) any of the ETF Service Provider is subject to an ETF 
Service Provider Insolvency Event, where "ETF Service Provider Insolvency Event" 
has the same meaning as ETF Insolvency Event described in (iv) above, except that 
ETF is replaced by ETF Service Provider, (D) in the reasonable opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any of the ETF Service Providers is no longer deemed able to carry 
out its business with the standard of care which was prevailing on the Issue Date or the 
resignation, termination, replacement, or death of any person deemed to be key in the 
management of the ETF has occurred or an ETF Service Provider ceases to exist; 
(vii) 
Holding Ratio means the reduction of the ETF's aggregate Net Asset Value under an 
amount that, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, has, or is likely to have, 
a significant effect on the management conditions of the ETF and/or its operating 
expenses or would increase the proportion of the ETF Units held, or likely to be held, 
by a Hypothetical Investor, or any funds managed by the same, to such extent that the 
full redemption in one single Valid Order of the ETF Units held by a Hypothetical 
Investor or funds managed by the same, is likely to be impaired; 
(viii) 
Merger Event means the conversion of the ETF Units into another class of fund units 
or securities, or the split of the ETF, its consolidation or its merger with, or its sale or 
its conveyance of all or substantially all its assets to, a third party;

--- Page 449 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
449 
(ix) 
Nationalisation means that all the ETF Units or all or substantially all the assets of an 
ETF are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any 
governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof; 
(x) 
Regulatory Action means, with respect to any ETF, (A) cancellation, suspension or 
revocation of the registration or approval of such ETF by any governmental, legal or 
regulatory entity with authority over such ETF Units or ETF, (B) any change in the 
legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the relevant ETF or its ETF Service 
Provider that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of such ETF 
or on any investor therein (as determined by the Calculation Agent), or (C) such ETF 
or any of its ETF Service Provider becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding 
or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the 
alleged violation of applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from the 
operation of such ETF or ETF Service Provider; 
(xi) 
Reporting Disruption means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of any ETF, any failure of such ETF to deliver, or cause to be delivered, 
(A) information that such ETF has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to a 
Hypothetical Investor or (B) information that has been previously delivered to a 
Hypothetical Investor in accordance with such ETF, or its authorised representative's, 
normal practice and that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to monitor such ETF's 
compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other 
similar policies relating to such ETF; 
(xii) 
Strategy Breach means (A) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment 
guidelines stated in the related ETF Documents, that is reasonably likely to affect the 
value of the ETF or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof, in each case, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent or (B) any material modification, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, of the risk profile of the ETF from its risk profile prevailing 
on the Issue Date of the Securities by reason of, but not limited to, the modification of 
the proportions, or reduction of diversification, of the type of assets in which the ETF 
invests or a reduction of the average liquidity of the assets of the ETF; 
(xiii) 
De-listing Event means, in respect of an ETF, that such ETF: (A) ceases to be listed, 
traded or publicly quoted on the relevant Exchange or listing compartment of the 
relevant Exchange (for any reason other than a Merger Event or a tender offer) and is 
not immediately re-listed, retraded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system 
located in the same country as the Exchange (or where the Exchange is within the 
European Union, in any Member State of the European Union) or (B) has its listing, 
trading or public quotation maintained in inappropriate conditions in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent (such conditions to include, without limitation, a lack of liquidity or 
the disappearance of the relevant futures and/or option contract of the relevant ETF); 
However, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in (A) and (B) above, a De-listing 
Event shall not occur in respect of the ETF if the ETF is immediately re-listed, re-traded 
and re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system within the same jurisdiction as the 
Exchange; 
(xiv) 
NAV Currency Event means that the Net Asset Value of the ETF is no longer 
denominated in the currency in which it was denominated on the Issue Date; 
(xv) 
NAV Calculation Disruption Event means, in respect of the ETF and a ETF Valuation 
Day, that (A) the Calculation Agent, acting in its sole discretion, determines that an 
event (other than an event described in paragraph (xvii) below) has occurred which 
affect the ETF negatively and make it impossible or impracticable to calculate and/or 
publish the Net Asset Value of the ETF as of such day and (B) such event has been 
continuing for more than five (5) Scheduled Trading Days;

--- Page 450 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
450 
(xvi) 
ETF Settlement Disruption means in respect of an ETF and an ETF Valuation Day, a 
failure by the ETF to pay in cash the full amount of the redemption proceeds on the date 
by which the ETF was scheduled to have paid such amount and which, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it impossible or impracticable to 
determine the Net Asset Value of such ETF as of such date, including without limitation 
due to (A) the transfer of all illiquid assets of such ETF to a dedicated fund, account or 
structure pending the liquidation of such assets for the benefit of existing holders of the 
ETF Units, (B) the restriction on the amount or number of redemptions orders that the 
ETF (or the ETF Service Provider generally in charge of accepting redemption orders) 
will accept in relation to a single date on which the ETF normally accepts redemption 
orders, (C) the suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption orders by 
the ETF (or the ETF Service Provider generally in charge of accepting subscription and 
redemption orders), or (D) the postponement of the payment of the balance of 
redemption proceeds to a date occurring after the financial statements of the ETF have 
been reviewed by the ETF's statutory auditors, in each case whether these events are 
imposed by the ETF without being envisaged in the ETF Documents on the ETF launch 
date or are already envisaged by the ETF Documents on the ETF launch date and are 
solely implemented by the ETF after such date; 
(xvii) 
Tender Offer means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a takeover 
offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or 
person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having 
the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 
100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares, units or interests of the ETF, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with 
governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation 
Agent deems relevant; 
(xviii) ETF Reclassification means (A) the reclassification of the ETF Units, (B) the index 
that the ETF tracks changes or (C) the acquisition of the ETF by, or the aggregation of 
the ETF into, another fund whose mandate, risk-profile and/or benchmarks that the 
Calculation Agent determines to be different from the mandate, risk-profile and/or 
benchmark as of the Issue Date (or any proposal for the foregoing occurs); or 
(xix) 
ETF Redemption or Subscription Event means (A) the suspension of transfers of any 
ETF Units, (B) the introduction of a mandatory redemption or partial redemption of the 
ETF Units, (C) the non-execution of any creation, subscription or redemption order in 
respect of the ETF Units, or (D) the introduction or proposed introduction of 
subscription or redemption fees with respect to the ETF Units in excess of those in effect 
as of the Issue Date, 
(b) 
then: 
(i) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (viii) above only, the Calculation Agent may replace the 
ETF Units by the kind and number of units or other securities and property receivable 
on such conversion, split, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance by a holder of ETF 
Units prior to such conversion, split, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance for the 
purposes of determining the value of the ETF and make any adjustment (if necessary) 
to the value of such ETF; or 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent may (A) identify an exchange traded fund (the Substitute ETF) 
having an investment strategy similar to the investment strategy of the ETF affected by 
the Extraordinary Event (the Affected ETF) and (B) adjust any relevant terms of the 
Securities to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Securities; for information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein 
where an ETF is substituted, on any date "t", with a Substitute ETF, the value of the 
relevant component in the formula used to determine the amount to be paid as described

--- Page 451 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
451 
in the applicable Final Terms, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" 
in respect of the Substitute ETF and would mean the closing price of such Substitute 
ETF on the relevant Exchange on the date "t" is weighted by an appropriate linking 
coefficient so that it is equal to the closing price of the Affected ETF on such date "t"; 
or 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it 
considers appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the 
relevant Issuer under the Securities and determine the date(s) on which any such 
adjustments will be effective. In making any such adjustments, the Calculation Agent 
may take into account the equivalent adjustment(s) which would be made to an 
exchange traded fund derivative transaction in the interbank market following the 
relevant event occurring and where the Calculation Agent deems appropriate (in its sole 
and absolute discretion), adjust the Conditions to give effect to such adjustment(s); or 
(iv) 
the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, upon giving notice to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not 
some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount 
equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices). 
(c) 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating the 
occurrence of the Extraordinary Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken 
in relation thereto. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
3.4 
Correction of the ETF Closing Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three (3) Exchange Business Days 
prior to the due date for any payment under the Securities calculated by reference to the ETF Closing 
Price, if the ETF Closing Price published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent 
to make any determination under the Securities, is subsequently corrected and the correction published 
by the relevant Exchange, the price to be used shall be the price of the ETF as so corrected. Corrections 
published after the day, which is three (3) Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment under 
the Securities calculated by reference to the ETF Closing Price, will be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
3.5 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or 
(provided that the Securities are not Italian Listed Securities) Increased Cost of Hedging, in each 
case unless disapplied in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means, unless Change in Law is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that, on or after the Trade Date, (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the relevant Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (i) it has

--- Page 452 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
452 
become illegal for the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant hedge positions relating to an ETF or the Issuer, 
the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable to maintain the 
agreements entered into in respect of such hedge positions or (ii) the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under the Securities (or any relevant hedge positions relating to an 
ETF) (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit 
or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that: 
(a) 
in respect of Securities which are not Italian Listed Securities, the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge any relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency risk and equity 
price of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (ii) 
realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s); or 
(b) 
in respect of Securities which are Italian Listed Securities, Hedging Disruption means, 
unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts and as a result of an 
event which is beyond the control of such Issuer, Guarantor (if applicable) and/or 
Affiliate(s) (including, without limitation, any force majeure, act of state, change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken 
by a taxing authority), to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant 
price risk including but not limited to the currency risk and equity price of the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable), and/or any of their respective Affiliates issuing 
and performing its obligations with respect to the Italian Listed Securities, or (ii) realise, 
recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
and/or any of their respective Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk 
including but not limited to the currency risk and equity price of the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates, in issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred 
solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if 
applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of 
Hedging.

--- Page 453 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
453 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
Where "Additional Disruption Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable and if an Additional Disruption Event occurs on or after the Trade Date, the relevant 
Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it 
considers appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to account for such Additional 
Disruption Event and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be 
effective; or 
(ii) 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed 
by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) 
stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
3.6 
Other Events 
This Condition will apply to the Securities unless specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these ETF Linked Asset Conditions, if any other 
event occurs which the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on the 
Securities, then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate to account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which any such 
adjustments will be effective; or 
(b) 
the relevant Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this ETF Linked Asset Condition 3.6, 
the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices) giving details of such determination. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply.   
4 
PHYSICAL SETTLEMENT 
4.1 
Delivery and payment 
(a) 
If "Physical Settlement" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then upon 
redemption of the Securities in accordance with General Condition 6.1 (Redemption by 
Instalments and Final Redemption), the relevant Issuer, or any third party appointed at its 
discretion, shall, on or prior to the related Physical Settlement Date and subject to ETF Linked 
Asset Condition 4.1(b), ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.2 (Partial Cash Settlement Due to 
Impossibility, Impracticality or Illegality), ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.3 (Non-Delivery of 
ETF Units) and ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.5 (Asset Transfer Notice), redeem such ETF 
Linked Security or, in the case of ETF Linked Securities linked to a Basket of ETF Units, the

--- Page 454 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
454 
relevant portion thereof determined in accordance with ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.7 (Basket 
ETF Linked Securities), respectively, by Delivering the Physical Settlement Amount in lieu of 
paying the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be. 
In the event the Number of ETF Units comprises any Fractional ETF Unit, the Physical 
Settlement Amount to be Delivered in respect of each Security will include only the Number of 
ETF Units to be Delivered and a Fractional ETF Unit Amount will be payable by the Issuer to 
the relevant Securityholder in lieu of such Fractional ETF Unit. 
(b) 
If "Cash or Physical Settlement" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.1(a) shall only apply in the circumstances in which Physical 
Settlement is deemed to apply in the manner set out in Redemption Method Condition 5 (as set 
out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions)). 
(c) 
If (i) either "Physical Settlement" or "Cash and Physical Settlement" is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) the Issuer determines (in its sole discretion) that 
there is a Dividend Amount, the Issuer will, in addition to Delivery of the Physical Settlement 
Amount and payment of any Fractional ETF Unit Amount in accordance with ETF Linked Asset 
Condition 4.1(a) above, pay to each Securityholder the Dividend Pass-through Amount on, or as 
soon as practicable after, the date on which such Delivery takes place. 
For the purpose of the above: 
Dividend Amount means any amount received (after taking into account any withholding or 
deduction for or on account of taxes and duties but not including any tax credits) by the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates pursuant to a Hedge 
Transaction on account of a dividend paid in relation to an ETF Unit which forms part of the 
Physical Settlement Amount in the period from, but excluding, the Observation Date relating to 
the Redemption Date (or if there is no such Observation Date, such other date as is determined 
by the Calculation Agent) to, but excluding, the date on which Delivery of the Physical 
Settlement Amount takes place and converted where necessary into the Settlement Currency 
using the Currency Rate. 
Dividend Pass-through Amount means an amount, per Specified Denomination, equal to a pro 
rata share of the Dividend Amount provided that (a) where the Securities are due to be redeemed 
by way of payment of the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount, the 
Dividend Pass-through Amount shall be zero and (b) where some or all of the Securities are 
redeemed by payment of the Partial Cash Settlement Amount, the Dividend Pass-through 
Amount shall be zero. 
Hedge Transaction means any transaction(s) or asset(s) deemed necessary by the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates and which is entered 
into or acquired by such party solely to hedge the equity price risk in relation to the relevant 
Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities. 
4.2 
Partial Cash Settlement Due to Impossibility, Impracticality or Illegality 
If, due to an event beyond the control of the relevant Issuer, it is in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
impossible (including, without limitation, as a result of a Settlement Disruption Event), impractical 
(including, without limitation, due to the relevant Issuer receiving insufficient or incorrect account or 
transfer information or there is illiquidity in the market for ETF) or illegal for the relevant Issuer to Deliver 
or, due to an event beyond the control of the relevant Issuer or any Securityholder, it is in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent impossible, impractical or illegal for the relevant Issuer or the relevant 
Securityholder to accept Delivery of all the ETF Units on the related Physical Settlement Date, then on 
such date the relevant Issuer shall Deliver any of the ETF Units for which it is possible, practicable and 
legal to take Delivery and will continue to attempt to deliver any ETF Units not so Delivered until the 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date. If any Undeliverable ETF Units have not been Delivered on 
or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, then partial cash settlement shall apply with

--- Page 455 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
455 
respect to the ETF Unit(s) and, accordingly, the relevant Issuer shall pay the relevant Securityholders an 
amount equal to the Partial Cash Settlement Amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the relevant 
Securityholders on the Partial Cash Settlement Date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
4.3 
Non-Delivery of ETF Units 
If the relevant Issuer does not Deliver any ETF Unit other than as a result of an event or circumstance 
contemplated in ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.2 (Partial Cash Settlement Due to Impossibility, 
Impracticality or Illegality) or the Securityholder fails to comply with the procedures set out in this ETF 
Linked Asset Condition 4, such failure shall not constitute an event of default for the purpose of the 
Securities and the relevant Issuer may continue to attempt to Deliver the ETF Unit until the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date. 
If, at the relevant Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, the relevant ETF Unit has not been 
Delivered, then partial cash settlement shall apply with respect to such ETF Unit and the relevant Issuer 
shall pay to the Securityholders an amount equal to the Partial Cash Settlement Amount to be apportioned 
pro rata amongst the Securityholders on the Partial Cash Settlement Date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
4.4 
Delivery and Fees 
The Delivery of any of the ETF Unit pursuant to the provisions of this ETF Linked Asset Condition 4 
shall be made in such commercially reasonable manner as the relevant Issuer shall, in its sole discretion, 
determine to be appropriate for such Delivery. Subject as set out in the definition of "Deliver", all 
expenses including, without limitation, any applicable depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, 
stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other taxes or duties (together the Delivery Expenses) arising 
from the Delivery and/or transfer of the Physical Settlement Amount shall be for the account of the 
relevant Securityholder and no Delivery and/or transfer of the Physical Settlement Amount shall be made 
until all Delivery Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of the Delivery Agent by the relevant 
Securityholder. 
Delivery and/or transfer of the ETF Units shall be delayed until all expenses relating to such Delivery or 
transfer payable by the Securityholders have been paid to the satisfaction of the relevant Issuer. 
4.5 
Asset Transfer Notice 
A Securityholder will not be entitled to any of the amounts or assets specified as being due to it in this 
ETF Linked Asset Condition 4 unless it has complied with ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.6 (Physical 
Settlement Procedures). For so long as the ETF Linked Securities are held in any clearing system, any 
communication from such clearing system on behalf of the Securityholder containing the information 
required in an Asset Transfer Notice will be treated as an Asset Transfer Notice. For as long as Securities 
are represented by a Global Security, surrender of ETF Linked Securities for such purpose will be effected 
by presentation of the Global Security and its endorsement to note the nominal amount of ETF Linked 
Securities to which the relevant Asset Transfer Notice relates. 
4.6 
Physical Settlement Procedures 
(a) 
Procedure by Securityholders 
If "Physical Settlement" or "Cash or Physical Settlement" is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, any Delivery of ETF Units in respect of the Physical Settlement Amount 
shall be in accordance with any applicable securities laws and the provisions set out in this ETF 
Linked Asset Condition 4.6.

--- Page 456 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
456 
(i) 
In order to receive the Physical Settlement Amount, the relevant Securityholder shall 
(or shall procure that a depository, custodian or entity with which it has a similar 
relationship in respect of the Securities shall on its behalf), (I) at least three (3) Business 
Days, or such other number of Business Days as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or (II) such lesser number of Business Days determined by the Issuer in its 
sole discretion and notified to Securityholders in respect of the relevant Series of 
Securities, in each case prior to the Physical Settlement Date: 
(A) 
if the ETF Linked Securities are represented by a Global Security, present a 
notice to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, with a copy to any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, 
and the relevant Issuer, via the EUCLID System or any equivalent or successor 
system (a EUCLID Notice); or 
(B) 
if the ETF Linked Security is in definitive form, surrender to the Paying Agent 
or the Registrar, as the case may be, the Definitive Security (which expression 
shall, for the purposes of this ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.6, include 
Receipt(s) and, if applicable, all unmatured Coupons, in accordance with the 
provisions of General Condition 5 (Payments), a completed Asset Transfer 
Notice substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (the Asset 
Transfer Notice) (a copy of which may be obtained from the specified office 
of any of the Paying Agents) with a copy to the relevant Issuer; or  
(C) 
if the ETF Linked Security is a French Law Security, arrange for the Euroclear 
France Account Holder through which its Securities are held to deliver or 
Deliver, as the case may be, on its behalf to the Principal Paying Agent, a 
completed Asset Transfer Notice with a copy to the relevant Issuer and 
simultaneously transfer the relevant French Law Securities to the Euroclear 
France account of the Principal Paying Agent.  
(ii) 
Each of a EUCLID Notice and an Asset Transfer Notice, as the case may be, is referred 
to herein as a Notice. 
(iii) 
The EUCLID Notice referred to above must: 
(A) 
specify the name and address of the relevant Securityholder and the person 
from whom the Delivery Agent may obtain details for the Delivery of the 
Physical Settlement Amount; 
(B) 
specify the number of ETF Linked Securities which are the subject of such 
notice and the number of the Securityholder's account at DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to be debited with such ETF 
Linked Securities; 
(C) 
irrevocably instruct and authorise DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, to debit the relevant Securityholder's account 
with such ETF Linked Securities on the date on which such ETF Linked 
Securities are redeemed in accordance with ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.1 
(Delivery and payment); 
(D) 
provide the Securityholder's certification whether it is a U.S. person, or a 
person acting on behalf of a U.S. person, or a person within the United States 
(as such terms are defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act); and 
(E) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings. 
(iv) 
The Asset Transfer Notice referred to above must:

--- Page 457 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
457 
(A) 
specify the name and address of the person from whom the Delivery Agent 
may obtain details for Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount; 
(B) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings;  
(C) 
in the case of French Law Securities, confirm the irrevocable instruction given 
to the Euroclear France Account Holder through which the relevant Securities 
are held to immediately transfer such Securities to the Euroclear France 
account of the Principal Paying Agent;  
(D) 
in the case of French Law Securities, include an authority to the relevant 
Clearing System to debit a specified account of the Securityholder with the 
relevant Clearing System in respect thereof and to pay such Delivery  
Expenses; and  
(E) 
provide the Securityholder's certification whether it is a U.S. person, or a 
person acting on behalf of a U.S. person, or a person within the United States 
(as such terms are defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act). 
(v) 
No Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the Paying Agent, the Registrar or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be. 
(vi) 
After delivery of such Notice, the relevant Securityholder may not transfer the ETF 
Linked Securities, which are the subject of such Notice, and no transfers of the ETF 
Linked Securities specified therein represented by a Global Security will be effected by 
DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(vii) 
Any determination as to whether a notice is valid and has been properly completed and 
delivered as provided in this ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.6 shall be made by DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, after 
consultation with the Delivery Agent and shall be conclusive and binding on the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Securityholder. 
(b) 
Procedure by the relevant Issuer and others 
Upon receipt of a duly completed Notice and (in the case of ETF Linked Securities in definitive 
form) the Definitive Security to which such Notice relates, the relevant Paying Agent or the 
Registrar, as the case may be, DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
shall verify that the person specified therein as the accountholder is the holder of the ETF Linked 
Securities referred to therein according to its books. 
Subject as provided herein, in relation to each ETF Linked Security, the Physical Settlement 
Amount will be Delivered at the risk of the relevant Securityholder in such commercially 
reasonable manner as the Delivery Agent shall, in its sole discretion, determine to be appropriate 
for such delivery on the Physical Settlement Date for the ETF Linked Securities, provided that 
the relevant ETF Linked Security in definitive form and the Notice are delivered not later than 
the close of business in Luxembourg on the date (the Notice Cut-Off Date) which is five (5) 
Business Days (or such other number of Business Days as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) before the Physical Settlement Date. 
(c) 
Delay or Failure to Deliver Notice 
If the Notice and, in the case of ETF Linked Securities in definitive form, the Definitive Security 
to which such Notice relates, are delivered to the relevant Issuer later than close of business on 
the Notice Cut-Off Date, then the Physical Settlement Amount will be delivered as soon as 
practicable after the due date for redemption of the ETF Linked Securities, at the risk of such 
Securityholder.

--- Page 458 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
458 
For the avoidance of doubt, without prejudice to ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.1(a) and 4.1(b) 
(Delivery and payment), such Securityholder shall not be entitled to any payment or other assets, 
whether of interest or otherwise, in the event of the Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount 
falling after the due date for redemption of the ETF Linked Securities pursuant to the provisions 
of this ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.6 or otherwise due to circumstances beyond the control of 
the relevant Issuer. 
If the relevant Securityholder fails to validly deliver a Notice, or procure that a notice is validly 
delivered on its behalf, in the manner set out in these Conditions or delivers a Notice, or procures 
that a Notice is delivered, on any day falling after the day that is 180 calendar days after the 
Notice Cut-Off Date or, in the case of ETF Linked Securities in definitive form, fails to deliver 
the Definitive Security related thereto, or procure that such Definitive Security is delivered, or 
fails to pay the expenses referred to in ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.4 (Delivery and Fees), the 
relevant Issuer shall be discharged from its obligation in respect of such ETF Linked Security 
and shall have no further obligation or liability whatsoever in respect thereof. 
(d) 
Delivery at risk of Securityholder 
Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount by the relevant Issuer to the Securityholder shall be 
at the risk of the Securityholder and no additional payment or delivery will be due to a 
Securityholder where the Physical Settlement Amount is delivered after its due date in 
circumstances beyond the control of either the relevant Issuer or the Delivery Agent. 
(e) 
No further liability of Issuer 
After delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount by the relevant Issuer to a Securityholder 
pursuant to this ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.6 but prior to the time when the Securityholder 
(or his designee) becomes the holder of the relevant ETF Unit (the Intervening Period), neither 
the relevant Issuer nor its agent or nominee shall (i) be under any obligation to deliver to such 
Securityholder or any subsequent beneficial owner of such relevant ETF Unit any letter, note, 
notice, circular, dividend or any other document or payment whatsoever received by the relevant 
Issuer or its agent or nominee in its capacity as the holder of such relevant ETF Unit, (ii) exercise 
any or all rights (including voting rights) attaching to such relevant ETF Unit during the 
Intervening Period nor be under any obligation to exercise any such rights during the Intervening 
Period (either on its own behalf or on behalf of any Securityholder or any subsequent beneficial 
owner of such relevant ETF Unit), or (iii) be under any liability to such Securityholder or any 
subsequent beneficial owner of such relevant ETF Unit in respect of any loss or damage which 
such Securityholder or subsequent beneficial owner may sustain or suffer as a result, whether 
directly or indirectly, of the relevant Issuer or its agent or nominee being registered during such 
Intervening Period as legal owner of such relevant ETF Unit. 
(f) 
Escrow 
If Escrow is specified in relation to a ETF Unit as applicable, either the relevant Issuer or any 
Securityholder may require that Physical Settlement take place through the use of an Escrow 
Agent (in the case of any such request by a Securityholder, solely in relation to the Securities 
held by such Securityholder). Any costs or expenses incurred in connection with establishing 
such escrow arrangement shall be borne by the relevant Securityholder. 
4.7 
Basket ETF Linked Securities 
If the ETF Linked Securities are Basket ETF Linked Securities, then the provisions of this ETF Linked 
Asset Condition 4 relating to physical settlement of ETF Linked Securities shall apply to each ETF Linked 
Security with respect to each ETF Unit separately unless provided otherwise in this ETF Linked Asset 
Condition 4. The remaining provisions of these ETF Linked Asset Conditions shall be construed 
accordingly.

--- Page 459 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
459

--- Page 460 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
460 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities that are Share Linked Securities. 
The following terms and conditions (the Share Linked Asset Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that Share Linked Interest Securities or Share Linked Redemption Securities is 
applicable. These Share Linked Asset Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Share Linked Asset Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and 
Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
References in these Share Linked Asset Conditions to a Share Linked Asset Condition are to a section or clause of 
these Share Linked Asset Conditions. 
1 
SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
Unless the Securities are redeemed early in accordance with these Share Linked Asset Conditions, if the 
determination of (A) the Interest Amount (in the case of Share Linked Interest Securities); or (B) (I) the 
Final Redemption Amount; (II) the Early Redemption Amount or (III) the Instalment Redemption 
Amount (in the case of Share Linked Redemption Securities), as the case may be, is postponed as a result 
of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
payment of any such amount (the Affected Amount) will be made on the scheduled date for 
payment of such amount or, if later, on the date falling two (2) Payment Extension Days (or such 
other number of Payment Extension Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) following 
the earlier to occur of (i) the Share Determination Date; and (ii) the Disruption Longstop Date; 
and 
(b) 
such Affected Amount shall be paid without any interest or other sum payable in respect of the 
postponement of the payment of the Affected Amount. 
2 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS RELATING TO SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
Asset Transfer Notice has the meaning given to such term in Share Linked Asset Condition 4.6 (Physical 
Settlement Procedures). 
Averaging Date means any Observation Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
such dates are specified, in respect of a Share Linked Security where the Share Price is used to determine 
an Underlying Value and the applicable Relevant Observation provides that "Average Underlying Level" 
shall apply, each deemed Observation Date which is a Relevant Timing for the purposes of calculating 
the Relevant Observation. 
Averaging Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last 
Scheduled Trading Days in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another 
Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date in respect of the relevant 
Scheduled Observation Date. 
Basket or Basket of Shares means a basket composed of Shares (each an Underlying) in the relative 
proportions or numbers of Shares specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Basket Company means a company whose shares are included in the Basket of Shares and Basket 
Companies means all such companies. 
Basket Share Linked Securities means Share Linked Securities, which are linked to more than one 
Share, as, specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 461 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
461 
Clearance System means the clearance system specified as such for such Share in the Final Terms or 
any successor to such clearance system as determined by the Calculation Agent. If the Final Terms does 
not specify a Clearance System, the Clearance System will be the principal domestic clearance system 
customarily used for settling trades in the relevant Share. If the Clearance System ceases to settle trades 
in such Share, the Calculation Agent will determine what is deemed to be the relevant Clearing System. 
Clearance System Business Day means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such 
Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open 
for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
Currency Rate means with respect to the relevant Share, the rate of conversion between the Settlement 
Currency and the Share Currency. The relevant rate shall be the rate displayed on the Currency Screen 
Page as of the Currency Specified Date at the Currency Specified Time or, if no such Currency Screen 
Page is specified in the applicable Final Terms or such Currency Screen Page is not available, the relevant 
rate shall be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
Currency Screen Page means the relevant screen page specified in the applicable Final Terms for the 
purpose of determining the relevant exchange rate or, if no such Currency Screen Page is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the screen page determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in 
commercially reasonable manner. 
Currency Specified Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of 
determining the relevant exchange rate or, if no such Currency Specified Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the date determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in commercially 
reasonable manner. 
Currency Specified Time means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of 
determining the relevant exchange rate or, if no such Currency Specified Time is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the specified time determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in 
commercially reasonable manner. 
Deliver means to deliver, novate, transfer, assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the 
settlement of the applicable Share (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking 
any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title and interest in the Share, to the relevant 
Issuer or the Securityholders, as the case may be, free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or 
encumbrances (including, without limitation, any counterclaim, defence or right of set-off by or of the 
Share Company or Basket Company, as applicable. Delivered and Delivery will be construed 
accordingly. 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Share (or, in the case of a Basket of Shares, in respect of any Share 
comprising the Basket and observed separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) a relevant 
Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (b) on 
which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last Scheduled 
Trading Day in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Escrow Agent means an independent third party financial institution (a) specified by the relevant Issuer 
prior to the Physical Settlement Date or (b) specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case subject 
to the terms of the escrow arrangement. 
Exchange means, in relation to a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such 
Share in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the

--- Page 462 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
462 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
Exchange Business Day means either (a) in the case of a single Share, Exchange Business Day (Single 
Share Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (i) the Exchange Business Day (All Share Basis) or 
(ii) the Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If no 
Exchange Business Day is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day 
(All Share Basis) shall be deemed to apply for a Basket of Shares and Exchange Business Day (Single 
Share Basis) shall apply otherwise. 
Exchange Business Day (All Share Basis) means, in respect of all Shares, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis) means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Share are open for trading during 
their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant 
Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing 
prior to their Scheduled Closing Time. 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount has the meaning set out in the Definitions . 
Fractional Share means, per Specified Denomination, any fraction of a Share arising from determining 
the Number of Shares. Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the Fractional Share will be rounded 
down to three decimal places closer. 
Fractional Share Amount means an amount, per Specified Denomination, equal to the product of the 
Fractional Share and the relevant Share Price attributable to the relevant Share on the Observation Date 
related to the relevant Redemption Date, Early Redemption Date or Instalment Date, as applicable, 
converted where necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Currency Rate (or, if there is no such 
Observation Date, such other date as is determined by the Calculation Agent). 
Full Quotation means a firm bid quotation obtained from a Share Dealer at the Quotation Valuation 
Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for a number of Undeliverable Shares equal to the Quotation 
Amount. 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date means, 150 calendar days following the Physical 
Settlement Date (or any earlier date designated by the Calculation Agent following any determination by 
the Calculation Agent that the relevant Issuer, or the Delivery Agent on its behalf, is or will be unable to, 
or it will be impossible, impractical or illegal for the relevant Issuer or the Delivery Agent on its behalf 
to, Deliver all or any portion of the Shares). 
Maximum Days of Disruption means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such other number of 
Scheduled Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Number of Shares means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Share Linked Security linked to one single Share: 
(i) 
the number of relevant Shares per Specified Denomination specified as a number in the 
Final Terms;

--- Page 463 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
463 
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms provides that the Number of Shares is determined by 
reference to "Calculation Agent Determination – Specified Denomination", the 
number of Shares, determined by the Calculation Agent, resulting from dividing the 
Specified Denomination by (A) the relevant Physical Settlement Share Price or (B) if 
no Physical Settlement Share Price is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Share 
Price (or a percentage of such relevant Share Price) attributable to the relevant Share on 
the relevant Observation Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) converted 
where necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Currency Rate (or, if there is 
no such Observation Date, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
(iii) 
if the applicable Final Terms provides that the Number of Shares is determined by 
reference to "Calculation Agent Determination – Final / Instalment Redemption 
Amount", the number of Shares, determined by the Calculation Agent, resulting from 
dividing the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, calculated per Specified Denomination by (A) the relevant Physical Settlement 
Share Price or (B) if no Physical Settlement Share Price is specified in the Final Terms, 
the relevant Share Price (or a percentage of such relevant Share Price) attributable to 
the relevant Share on the relevant Observation Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) converted where necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Currency 
Rate (or, if there is no such Observation Date, such other date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent); or 
(iv) 
such other determination as is specified in the Final Terms; and 
(b) 
in relation to a Basket Share Linked Security and for each Physical Settlement Share comprised 
in the Basket: 
(i) 
the number of relevant Physical Settlement Shares in the Basket per Specified 
Denomination specified as a number in the Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms provides that the Number of Shares is determined by 
reference to "Calculation Agent Determination – Specified Denomination", for each 
Physical Settlement Share, the number of Shares, determined by the Calculation Agent, 
resulting from dividing the Specified Denomination (or, if a Weighting is expressed to 
be applicable to the relevant Share in the Final Terms, the product of the Specified 
Denomination and the applicable Weighting) by (A) the relevant Physical Settlement 
Share Price or (B) if no Physical Settlement Share Price is specified in the Final Terms, 
the relevant Share Price (or a percentage of such Share Price) attributable to the relevant 
Share on the relevant Observation Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
converted where necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Currency Rate (or, if 
there is no such Observation Date, such other date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent); 
(iii) 
if the applicable Final Terms provides that the Number of Shares is determined by 
reference to "Calculation Agent Determination – Final / Instalment Redemption 
Amount", for each Physical Settlement Share, the number of Shares, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, resulting from dividing the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, calculated per Specified Denomination (or, if 
a Weighting is expressed to be applicable to the relevant Share in the Final Terms, the 
product of the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, and the applicable Weighting) by (A) the relevant Physical Settlement 
Share Price or (B) if no Physical Settlement Share Price is specified in the Final Terms, 
the relevant Share Price (or a percentage of such Share Price) attributable to the relevant 
Share on the relevant Observation Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
converted where necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Currency Rate (or, if 
there is no such Observation Date, such other date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent); or

--- Page 464 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
464 
(iv) 
such other determination as specified in the Final Terms. 
Number of Shares to be Delivered means the Number of Shares, rounded down to the lower whole 
Share. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise deemed 
to be an Observation Date in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, or if any such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the immediately 
following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions of Share Linked Asset Condition 
3.1(b) (Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days) below shall apply. 
Partial Cash Settlement Amount means, where (a) "Physical Settlement" is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) "Cash or Physical Settlement" is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Physical Settlement is deemed to apply in the manner set 
out in Redemption Method Condition 5 (as set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions)), an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the Realisable Amount determined for each 
Undeliverable Share. 
Partial Cash Settlement Date means, in relation to an Undeliverable Share, the date falling three (3) 
Exchange Business Days after the determination of the realisable value of such Undeliverable Share or 
such other date falling such number of Exchange Business Days after the determination of the Realisable 
Amount as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Payment Extension Day means a day, which is a Payment Business Day. 
Physical Settlement Amount means, in respect of the relevant Share, the Number of Shares. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Shares which constitute the Physical Settlement Amount shall not be Shares of 
the Issuer or any member of the Issuer's Group. 
Physical Settlement Date means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms in relation to a Share where such Physical Settlement Period starts on the 
Redemption Date or Instalment Date, as the case may be, or such other date specified in the Final Terms. 
Physical Settlement Period means, in respect of a Share, the number of Exchange Business Days 
specified as such in the Final Terms or, if a number of Exchange Business Days is not so specified, then 
the longest number of Exchange Business Days for settlement in accordance with then current market 
practice of such Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Physical Settlement Share means, in relation to a Basket of Shares: 
(a) 
if "All Shares" is specified in the Final Terms, each Share in the Basket; and 
(b) 
if "Best of Performance" is specified in the Final Terms, the Share in the Basket which the 
Calculation Agent determines has the Best of Performance in accordance with the Standard 
Payoff Conditions which are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms; 
(c) 
if "Worst of Performance" is specified in the Final Terms, the Share in the Basket which the 
Calculation Agent determines has the Worst of Performance in accordance with the Standard 
Payoff Conditions which are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms; 
(d) 
if "Worst of Performance A" is specified in the Final Terms, the Share in the Basket which the 
Calculation Agent determines has the Worst of Performance A in accordance with the Standard 
Payoff Conditions which are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms; 
(e) 
if "Worst of Performance B" is specified in the Final Terms, the Share in the Basket which the 
Calculation Agent determines has the Worst of Performance B in accordance with the Standard 
Payoff Conditions which are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms;

--- Page 465 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
465 
(f) 
if "Xth Worst Performance" is specified in the Final Terms, the Share in the Basket which the 
Calculation Agent determines has the Xth Worst Performance in accordance with the Standard 
Payoff Conditions which are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms; or 
(g) 
the Share in the Basket which the Calculation Agent determines as having such other 
characteristic identified in the Standard Payoff Conditions which are specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, as set out in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (b) to (g) above, if the Calculation Agent determines that there 
is more than one type of Share which, as the case may be, is any of (i) the Best of Performance, (ii) Worst 
of Performance, (iii) Worst of Performance A, (iv) Worst of Performance B, (v) Xth Worst Performance 
or (vi) satisfies any other characteristic which is used to determine the Physical Settlement Share as set 
out in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine which of such types of Shares is the Physical 
Settlement Share in its sole discretion. 
Physical Settlement Share Price means, in respect of a Share, the price (or a percentage of such price) 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Quotation means, in respect of an Undeliverable Share, each Full Quotation or Weighted Average 
Quotation, as the case may be, obtained and expressed as an amount payable for the Quotation Amount, 
with respect to a Relevant Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to the Relevant 
Valuation Date from three (3) or more Share Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain 
two (2) or more such Full Quotations on the same Exchange Business Day within three (3) 
Exchange Business Days of the Relevant Valuation Date, then on the next following Exchange 
Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Exchange Business Day thereafter until the tenth (10th) 
Exchange Business Day following the applicable Relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation 
Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from three (3) or more Share Dealers and, if two 
(2) or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation. If the Calculation 
Agent is unable to obtain two (2) or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation on 
the same Exchange Business Day on or prior to the tenth (10th) Exchange Business Day 
following the applicable Relevant Valuation Date the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full 
Quotation obtained from a Share Dealer at the Quotation Valuation Time on such tenth (10th) 
Exchange Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm 
quotations for the Share obtained from Share Dealers at the Quotation Valuation Time on such 
tenth (10th) Exchange Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation 
Amount for which such quotations were obtained and a quotation shall be deemed to be zero (0) 
for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such 
day; and 
(b) 
if any Quotation obtained is expressed by a Share Dealer as a percentage, the Calculation Agent 
shall, for the purposes hereof, determine what such Quotation would be if expressed as an amount 
payable for the Quotation Amount. 
Quotation Amount means with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable Share, an amount equal to 
the portion of the Number of Shares relating to such Undeliverable Share (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) at the time of the Relevant Valuation Date. 
Quotation Valuation Time means, with respect to a Quotation, the time specified as such in Final Terms. 
Realisable Amount means the realisable value of the Undeliverable Share(s), as relevant, determined by 
the Calculation Agent as being the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or otherwise in 
accordance with the definition of "Quotation") with respect to the Relevant Valuation Date and expressed 
in the Settlement Currency using, if applicable a conversion rate determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the relevant currency rate provided that in relation to Shares that take the form in whole or 
in part of cash, the Realisable Amount for such portion of the Shares which related to cash shall be equal

--- Page 466 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
466 
to the amount of the cash expressed in the Settlement Currency using, if applicable a conversion rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant currency rate. 
Related Exchange means, in relation to a Share, each exchange or quotation system on which option 
contracts or futures contracts relating to such Share are traded, or each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such for such Share in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options 
contracts relating to such Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such 
Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), 
provided that where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, 
Related Exchange shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to 
such Share. 
Relevant Valuation Date means the date that is five (5) Exchange Business Days after the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading 
session hours subject as provided in "Valuation Time" below. 
Scheduled Observation Date means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
Scheduled Trading Day means either (a) in the case of a single Share, Scheduled Trading Day (Single 
Share Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (i) Scheduled Trading Day (All Share Basis) or (ii) 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If no Scheduled 
Trading Day is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All Share 
Basis) shall be deemed to apply for a Basket of Shares and Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis) 
shall apply otherwise. 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Share Basis) means, in respect of all Shares, any day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular 
trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis) means, in respect of a Share, any day on which the relevant 
Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Share are scheduled to be open for trading for their 
respective regular trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis) means any day on which the relevant Exchange and the 
relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading 
session(s). 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if no 
currency is so specified in the Final Terms, the currency of the Share Linked Securities. 
Settlement Disruption Event means, in respect of a Share, an event beyond the control of the Issuer as 
a result of which the relevant Clearance System cannot clear the transfer of such Share. 
Share means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Share Linked Asset Conditions, the shares 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Share Company means, in the case of an issue of Securities relating to a single Share, the company that 
has issued such Share. 
Share Currency means the currency or currencies in which a Share is denominated.

--- Page 467 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
467 
Share Dealer means (a) a dealer in obligations of the type of Share for which quotations are to be obtained 
(as selected by the Calculation Agent) and may include the Calculation Agent or its Affiliate and a 
Securityholder or its Affiliate or (b) such other dealer specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Share Determination Date has the meaning set out in Share Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b) 
(Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days). 
Share Price means, in respect of a Share and a given Scheduled Trading Day, the price of such Share on 
the relevant Exchange at the Valuation Time during a trading session on that Scheduled Trading Day, as 
adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Share Linked Asset Condition 3 (Events relating to 
Share Linked Securities) below unless the Calculation Agent determines that in accordance with market 
conventions, such method of determining the Share Price is not appropriate in which case the Share Price 
shall be determined in the manner elected by the Calculation Agent, having regard to such market 
conventions. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Undeliverable Share means the Share, or portion of the Share, which, on the Physical Settlement Date 
for such Share, the Calculation Agent determines for any reason (including without limitation, failure by 
the Securityholder to deliver an Asset Transfer Notice, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to 
any law, regulation, court order or market conditions) it is impossible, impracticable or illegal to Deliver 
on the Physical Settlement Date or any Shares which the Issuer otherwise does not Deliver until the 
relevant Physical Settlement Date. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Share, the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if no Valuation Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the 
relevant Scheduled Trading Day, provided that if the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
Weighting means, in relation to a Share comprised in a Basket of Shares, the percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms and representing the relative weighting of such Share in the Basket. 
Weighted Average Quotation means the weighted average of firm bid quotations obtained from the 
Share Dealers at the Quotation Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, each for a number 
of Undeliverable Shares, as the case may be, of as large a size as available but less than the Quotation 
Amount that in the aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
3 
EVENTS RELATING TO SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
3.1 
Market Disruption Event, Disrupted Days and Consequences 
(a) 
Definitions 
Market Disruption Event means, in relation to a Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a 
Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion, determines is material, at any time during the one-hour period 
that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure as defined below: 
(i) 
Trading Disruption means, in respect of a Share, any suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (A) relating to the Share on the Exchange 
or (B) in futures or options contracts relating to such Share on any relevant Related 
Exchange. 
(ii) 
Exchange Disruption means, in respect of a Share, any event (other than an Early 
Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of 
market participants in general (A) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for,

--- Page 468 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
468 
the Share on the relevant Exchange or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market 
values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Share on any relevant 
Related Exchange. 
(iii) 
Early Closure means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of relevant 
Exchange(s) or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless 
such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at 
least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading 
session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day 
and (B) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related 
Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days 
If an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
in the case of Share Linked Securities relating to a single Share, the Calculation Agent 
may: 
(A) 
postpone the Observation Date, in which case the Observation Date will be the 
first immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted 
Day (the Share Determination Date), unless each consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day up to and including the Disruption Longstop Date is a Disrupted 
Day, in which case (I) the Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the 
Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day 
and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the 
value for the relevant Share as of the Valuation Time and the Disruption 
Longstop Date; or 
(B) 
determine the value for the relevant Share (or a method for determining an such 
value) for such day, taking into consideration the latest available quotation for 
the relevant Share and any other information that in good faith it deems 
relevant, 
with each such value so determined being used as the relevant Share Price; 
(ii) 
in the case of Share Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Shares: 
(A) 
for each Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the 
Observation Date shall be the Scheduled Observation Date; and 
(B) 
for each Share affected (each an Affected Share) by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent may: 
(I) 
postpone the Observation Date, in which case the Observation Date 
will be the Share Determination Date relating to such Affected Share, 
unless each consecutive Scheduled Trading Day up to and including 
the Disruption Longstop Date is a Disrupted Day relating to such 
Affected Share, in which case (1) the Disruption Longstop Date shall 
be deemed to be the Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day relating to the relevant Affected Share 
and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate 
of the value for the relevant Affected Share as of the Valuation Time 
on the Disruption Longstop Date; in case of multiple Affected Shares, 
the latest Share Determination Date will be the Share Determination 
Date for the purpose of Share Linked Asset Condition 1(a) above; or

--- Page 469 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
469 
(II) 
determine the value for the relevant Affected Shares (or a method for 
determining such value) for such day, taking into consideration the 
latest available quotation for the relevant Share and any other 
information that in good faith it deems relevant, 
with each such value so determined being used as the value for the relevant Affected 
Share;  
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine the Share Price in 
accordance with Share Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b)(i) or Share Linked Asset 
Condition 3.1(b)(ii) above, as the case may be, or if such determination would not, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, account for such Market Disruption Event: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as 
it considers appropriate to account for any such Disrupted Day and determine 
the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective. In making any 
such adjustments, the Calculation Agent may take into account the equivalent 
adjustment(s) which would be made to an equity derivative transaction in the 
market following the relevant event occurring and where the Calculation Agent 
deems appropriate (in its sole and absolute discretion), adjust the Conditions 
to give effect to such adjustment(s); or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments 
for the purposes of sub-paragraph (iii)(A) above, the Issuer may, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the 
Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to 
the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices); 
(iv) 
the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
on an Observation Date. Such notice shall give the details of such Disrupted Day and 
the action proposed to be taken by the Calculation Agent in relation thereto; and 
(v) 
notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
(c) 
Averaging Date Disruption 
If any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then, where the consequence specified for "Averaging 
Date Disruption" in the applicable Final Terms is: 
(i) 
"Omission", then such Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging 
Date for purposes of determining the relevant Share Price, and if through the operation 
of this provision no Averaging Date would occur with respect to the relevant 
Observation Date, Share Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b) will apply for purposes of 
determining the relevant price or amount on the final Averaging Date in respect of that 
Observation Date as if such final Averaging Date were an Observation Date that was a 
Disrupted Day; 
(ii) 
"Postponement", then Share Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b) will apply for purposes of 
determining the relevant price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging 
Date were an Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, 
pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a date that 
already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date for the relevant Share; or

--- Page 470 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
470 
(iii) 
"Modified Postponement", then: 
(A) 
in the case of a Basket of Shares, the Averaging Date for each Share not 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as an Averaging Date in respect of the relevant 
Observation Date and the Averaging Date for any Share affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Date in relation to such Share, and if the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Date has not occurred prior to the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date, then 
(I) the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed the Averaging 
Date (irrespective of whether such day is already an Averaging Date), and (II) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or amount for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with Share Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b); and 
(B) 
otherwise, the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Date, and if the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Date has not occurred prior 
to the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date, then (I) the Averaging Disruption 
Longstop Date shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether 
such day is already an Averaging Date), and (II) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance 
with Share Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b). 
3.2 
Adjustment and Redemption Events 
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
(i) 
Definitions 
Potential Adjustment Event means the occurrence of any of the following at any time 
on or after the Trade Date: 
(A) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares (unless 
resulting in a Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such 
Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(B) 
a distribution, issue or dividend (whether ordinary or extraordinary) to existing 
holders of the relevant Shares of (I) such Shares or (II) other share capital or 
securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of 
liquidation of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, 
equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares or 
(III) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned 
(directly or indirectly) by the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case 
may be, as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or (IV) any other 
type of securities, rights or certificates or other assets, in any case for payment 
(in cash or in other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
an extraordinary dividend; 
(D) 
a call by a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, in respect 
of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(E) 
a repurchase by the Basket Company or any of its subsidiaries or Share 
Company or any of its subsidiaries, as the case may be, of relevant Shares 
whether out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such 
repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise;

--- Page 471 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
471 
(F) 
in respect of a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, an 
event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming 
separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of 
such Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, pursuant to a 
shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that 
provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred 
stock, certificates, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market 
value as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment 
effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption 
of such rights; or 
(G) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
(ii) 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
Following the declaration by the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may 
be, of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares and, if so: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent may (I) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to 
any relevant term(s) of the Securities, as the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion determines appropriate to account for that diluting or 
concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account 
solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity 
relative to the relevant Share) and (II) determine the effective date of that 
adjustment; the Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine the 
appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such 
Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the 
Shares traded on that options exchange; 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments 
for the purposes of sub-paragraphs (A) above, the Issuer may, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the 
Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to 
the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount; payments will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation 
Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 14 (Notices), stating the adjustment to any relevant term(s) of the 
Securities and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
(iii) 
Adjustments to Certain Share Linked Securities in European Currencies 
In respect of any Shares originally quoted, listed and/or dealt as of the Trade Date in a 
currency of a member state of the European Union that has not adopted the single 
currency in accordance with the EU Treaty, if such Shares are at any time after the Trade 
Date quoted, listed and/or dealt exclusively in Euro on the relevant Exchange or, where 
no Exchange is specified, the principal market on which those Shares are traded, then 
the Calculation Agent may make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any relevant

--- Page 472 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
472 
term(s) of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to preserve 
the economic terms of the Share Linked Security. The Calculation Agent will make any 
conversion necessary for the purposes of any such adjustment as of the Valuation Time 
at an appropriate mid-market spot rate of exchange determined by the Calculation Agent 
prevailing as of the Valuation Time. No adjustments under this paragraph will affect 
the currency denomination of any payment obligation arising out of the Share Linked 
Security. 
(b) 
Extraordinary Events 
(i) 
Definitions 
Extraordinary Event means any of Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-Listing, 
Nationalisation and Insolvency, as determined by the Calculation Agent on or after the 
Trade Date. 
De-Listing means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that the Exchange announces that 
pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, 
traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event 
or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an 
exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where 
the Exchange is within the European Union, in another member state of the European 
Union). 
Insolvency means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that by reason of the voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any 
analogous proceeding affecting a Basket Company or Share Company, (a) all the Shares 
of that Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, are required to be 
transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (b) holders of the Shares 
of that Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, become legally 
prohibited from transferring them. 
Merger Date means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot 
be determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Merger Event means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any (a) reclassification or 
change of such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (b) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of a Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, with or into another entity or person (other than a 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, is the continuing entity and which 
does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding), (c) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares 
of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, that results in a transfer 
of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares 
owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (d) consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share exchange of the Basket Company or its subsidiaries or the 
Share Company or its subsidiaries, as the case may be, with or into another entity in 
which the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, is the continuing 
entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares 
outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled 
by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 
50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately following such event, in each case

--- Page 473 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
473 
if the Merger Date is on or before in the case of settlement by way of Cash, the last 
occurring Observation Date. 
Nationalisation means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of the 
Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, are nationalised, expropriated 
or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity 
or instrumentality thereof. 
Tender Offer means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person 
purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other 
means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. (the Percentage Range) of 
the outstanding voting shares of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case 
may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with 
governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation 
Agent deems relevant. 
Tender Offer Date means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which the voting 
shares in the amount of the Percentage Range are actually purchased or otherwise 
obtained, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(ii) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event 
(A) 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in relation to a Share on or after the Trade 
Date, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take, if applicable, any 
of the actions described in (I), (II) or (III) below: 
(I) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute 
discretion the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any of the 
Conditions of the Securities to account for the Merger Event, Tender 
Offer, De-Listing, Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case may be, 
and determine the effective date of that adjustment; the relevant 
adjustments may include, without limitation, adjustments to account 
for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or 
liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the Securities; the Calculation 
Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by 
reference to the adjustment in respect of the Merger Event, Tender 
Offer, De-Listing, Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case may be, 
made by any options exchange to options on the Shares traded on that 
options exchange; or 
(II) 
by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, 
each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount of a Security taking into 
account the relevant Extraordinary Event(s); or 
(III) 
in the case of Share Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, 
on or after the relevant Merger Date, Tender Offer Date, or the date 
of the Nationalisation, Insolvency or De-Listing (as the case may be), 
require the Calculation Agent to adjust the Basket of Shares by 
including shares selected by it in accordance with the criteria for share 
selection set out below (the Substitute Shares) in place of the 
Affected Share(s) and the Substitute Shares will be deemed to be 
Shares and the relevant issuer of such shares, a Share Company or a 
Basket Company for the purposes of the Securities, and the 
Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to the

--- Page 474 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
474 
Conditions of the Securities as the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion determines appropriate; such substitution and the 
relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be deemed to be 
effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the 
Substitution Date) in its sole and absolute discretion and specified in 
the notice referred to below which may, but need not, be the Merger 
Date or Tender Offer Date or the date of the Nationalisation, 
Insolvency or De-Listing, as applicable. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share (if any) will be equal to the Weighting 
of the relevant Affected Share. 
(B) 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must be a share 
which, in the sole and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent: 
(I) 
is not already comprised in the Basket of Shares; 
(II) 
the issuer of which belongs to a similar economic sector as the Share 
Company or Basket Company in respect of the Affected Share; and 
(III) 
the issuer of which is of comparable market capitalisation, 
international standing and exposure as the Share Company or Basket 
Company in respect of the Affected Share. 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) 
stating the occurrence of the Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-Listing, Nationalisation 
or Insolvency, as the case may be, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be 
taken in relation thereto, including, in the case of a substitution of Shares, the identity 
of the Substitute Shares and the Substitution Date. As the case may be, payments will 
be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
(c) 
Insolvency Filing 
If an Insolvency Filing (as determined by the Calculation Agent) occurs, the relevant Issuer in 
its sole and absolute discretion may: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it 
considers appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to account for such Insolvency 
Filing and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(ii) 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed 
by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the occurrence of an Insolvency Filing, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating the 
occurrence of such Insolvency Filing and giving details thereof and the action proposed to be 
taken in relation thereto. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply.

--- Page 475 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
475 
Insolvency Filing means that a Share Company or Basket Company institutes or has instituted 
against it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative 
or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the 
jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgement of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation 
by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided 
that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Share 
Company or Basket Company shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
(d) 
Correction of Share Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business 
Days prior to the due date for any payment under the Securities calculated by reference to the 
price of a Share, if the price of relevant Share published on a given day and used or to be used 
by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Securities, is subsequently 
corrected and the correction published by the relevant Exchange, the price to be used shall be 
the price of the relevant Share as so corrected. Corrections published after the day, which is three 
Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Securities calculated by 
reference to the price of a Share will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes 
of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
3.3 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Dividend 
Disruption and/or (provided that the Securities are not Italian Listed Securities) Increased Cost 
of Hedging, in each case unless disapplied in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means, unless Change in Law is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that, on or after the Trade Date, (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the relevant Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (i) it has 
become illegal for the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of a Share or relevant hedge positions relating to a Share or 
the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable to 
maintain the agreements entered into in respect of such hedge positions or (ii) the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates will incur a materially increased 
cost in performing its obligations under the Securities (or any relevant hedge positions relating 
to a Share) (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that: 
(a) 
in respect of Securities which are not Italian Listed Securities, the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge any relevant price risk (including but not limited to the currency risk and equity 
price risk) of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable), and/or any of their

--- Page 476 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
476 
respective Affiliates in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Securities, or (ii) realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s); or 
(b) 
in respect of Securities which are Italian Listed Securities, the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts and as a result of an event which is beyond the control 
of such Issuer, Guarantor (if applicable) and/or Affiliate(s) (including, without 
limitation, any force majeure, act of state, change in any applicable law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction 
of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk (including 
but not limited to the currency risk and equity price risk) of the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates, (if applicable), 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Italian Listed Securities, or 
(ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
and/or any of their respective Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity risk, foreign 
exchange risk and interest rate risk of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or 
any of their respective Affiliates, in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration 
of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any of their 
respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Dividend Disruption means, unless Dividend Disruption is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, any of the following events in respect of a gross cash dividend declared 
by the Share Company or Basket Company, as applicable, to holders of record for a Share (a 
Declared Dividend): 
(i) 
the gross amount deemed to be paid by such Share Company or Basket Company to the 
holders of record of the Share (notwithstanding that such payment is made to either any 
relevant taxing authority or holders of record) is not equal to the Declared Dividend (a 
Dividend Mismatch); 
(ii) 
the Share Company or Basket Company fails to make any payment or delivery in 
respect of that Declared Dividend by the third Scheduled Trading Day following the 
relevant due date (a Dividend Nonpayment); or 
(i) 
the Share Company or Basket Company notifies all holders of record of a Share that 
that the Declared Dividend will no longer be paid (a Dividend Cancellation). 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
Where "Additional Disruption Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable and if an Additional Disruption Event occurs on or after the Trade Date, the relevant 
Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may:

--- Page 477 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
477 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it 
considers appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to account for such Additional 
Disruption Event and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be 
effective; or 
(ii) 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed 
by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) 
stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
3.4 
Other Events 
This Condition will apply to the Securities unless specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these Share Linked Asset Conditions, if any other 
event occurs which the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on the 
Securities, then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate to account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which any such 
adjustments will be effective; or 
(b) 
the relevant Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this Share Linked Asset Condition  3.4, 
the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices) giving details of such determination. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply.  
4 
PHYSICAL SETTLEMENT 
4.1 
Delivery and payment 
(a) 
If "Physical Settlement" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, upon 
a redemption of the Securities in accordance with General Condition 6.1 (Redemption by 
Instalments and Final Redemption), the relevant Issuer, or any third party appointed at its 
discretion, shall, on or prior to the related Physical Settlement Date and subject to Share Linked 
Asset Condition 4.1(b), Share Linked Asset Condition 4.2 (Partial Cash Settlement Due to 
Impossibility, Impracticality or Illegality), Share Linked Asset Condition 4.3 (Non-Delivery of 
Shares) and Share Linked Asset Condition 4.5 (Asset Transfer Notice), redeem such Share 
Linked Security or, in the case of Share Linked Securities linked to a Basket of Shares, the 
relevant portion thereof determined in accordance with Share Linked Asset Condition 4.7 
(Basket Share Linked Securities), respectively, by Delivering the Physical Settlement Amount in 
lieu of paying the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be. In the event the Number of Shares comprises any Fractional Share, the Physical 
Settlement Amount to be Delivered in respect of each Security will include only the Number of

--- Page 478 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
478 
Shares to be Delivered and a Fractional Share Amount will be payable by the Issuer to the 
relevant Securityholder in lieu of such Fractional Share. 
(b) 
If "Cash or Physical Settlement" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
Share Linked Asset Condition 4.1(a) shall only apply in the circumstances in which Physical 
Settlement is deemed to apply in the manner set out in Redemption Method Condition 5 (as set 
out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions)). 
(c) 
If (i) either "Physical Settlement" or "Cash and Physical Settlement" is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) the Issuer determines (in its sole discretion) that 
there is a Dividend Amount, the Issuer will, in addition to Delivery of the Physical Settlement 
Amount and payment of any Fractional Share Amount in accordance with Share Linked Asset 
Condition 4.1(a) above, pay to each Securityholder the Dividend Pass-through Amount on, or as 
soon as practicable after, the date on which such Delivery takes place. 
For the purpose of the above: 
Dividend Amount means any amount received (after taking into account any withholding or 
deduction for or on account of taxes and duties but not including any tax credits) by the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates pursuant to a Hedge 
Transaction on account of a dividend paid in relation to a Share which forms part of the Physical 
Settlement Amount in the period from, but excluding, the Observation Date relating to the 
Redemption Date (or if there is no such Observation Date, such other date as is determined by 
the Calculation Agent) to, but excluding, the date on which Delivery of the Physical Settlement 
Amount takes place and converted where necessary into the Settlement Currency using the 
Currency Rate. 
Dividend Pass-through Amount means an amount, per Specified Denomination, equal to a pro 
rata share of the Dividend Amount provided that (a) where the Securities are due to be redeemed 
by way of payment of the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount, the 
Dividend Pass-through Amount shall be zero and (b) where some or all of the Securities are 
redeemed by payment of the Partial Cash Settlement Amount, the Dividend Pass-through 
Amount shall be zero. 
Hedge Transaction means any transaction(s) or asset(s) deemed necessary by the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates and which is entered 
into or acquired by such party solely to hedge the equity price risk in relation to the relevant 
Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities. 
4.2 
Partial Cash Settlement Due to Impossibility, Impracticality or Illegality 
If, due to an event beyond the control of the relevant Issuer, it is in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
impossible (including, without limitation, as a result of a Settlement Disruption Event), impractical 
(including, without limitation, due to the relevant Issuer receiving insufficient or incorrect account or 
transfer information or there is illiquidity in the market for the Shares) or illegal for the relevant Issuer to 
Deliver or, due to an event beyond the control of the relevant Issuer or any Securityholder, it is in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent impossible, impractical or illegal for the relevant Issuer or the relevant 
Securityholder to accept Delivery of all the Shares on the related Physical Settlement Date, then on such 
date the relevant Issuer shall Deliver any of the Shares for which it is possible, practicable and legal to 
take Delivery and will continue to attempt to Deliver any Shares not so Delivered until the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date. If any Undeliverable Shares have not been Delivered on or prior 
to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, then partial cash settlement shall apply with respect 
to the Share(s) and, accordingly, the relevant Issuer shall pay the relevant Securityholders an amount 
equal to the Partial Cash Settlement Amount to be apportioned amongst the relevant Securityholders on 
the Partial Cash Settlement Date.

--- Page 479 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
479 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
4.3 
Non-Delivery of Shares 
If (a) the relevant Issuer does not Deliver any Share other than as a result of an event or circumstance 
contemplated in Share Linked Asset Condition 4.2 (Partial Cash Settlement Due to Impossibility, 
Impracticality or Illegality) or (b) the Securityholder fails to comply with the procedures set out in this 
Share Linked Asset Condition 4, such failure shall not constitute an event of default for the purpose of 
the Securities and the relevant Issuer may continue to attempt to Deliver the Share until the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date. 
If, as at the relevant Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, the relevant Share has not been 
Delivered, then partial cash settlement shall apply with respect to such Share and the relevant Issuer shall 
pay to the Securityholders an amount equal to the Partial Cash Settlement Amount to be apportioned pro 
rata amongst the Securityholders on the Partial Cash Settlement Date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
4.4 
Delivery and Fees 
The Delivery of any of the Shares pursuant to the provisions of this Share Linked Asset Condition 4 shall 
be made in such commercially reasonable manner as the relevant Issuer shall, in its sole discretion, 
determine to be appropriate for such Delivery. Subject as set out in the definition of "Deliver", all 
expenses including, without limitation, any applicable depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, 
stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other taxes or duties (together the Delivery Expenses) arising 
from the Delivery and/or transfer of the Physical Settlement Amount shall be for the account of the 
relevant Securityholder and no Delivery and/or transfer of the Physical Settlement Amount shall be made 
until all Delivery Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of the Delivery Agent by the relevant 
Securityholder. 
Delivery and/or transfer of the Shares shall be delayed until all expenses relating to such Delivery or 
transfer payable by the Securityholders have been paid to the satisfaction of the relevant Issuer. 
4.5 
Asset Transfer Notice 
A Securityholder will not be entitled to any of the amounts or assets specified as being due to it in this 
Share Linked Asset Condition 4 unless it has complied with Share Linked Asset Condition 4.6 (Physical 
Settlement Procedures). For so long as the Share Linked Securities are held in any clearing system, any 
communication from such clearing system on behalf of the Securityholder containing the information 
required in an Asset Transfer Notice will be treated as an Asset Transfer Notice. For as long as Securities 
are represented by a Global Security, surrender of Share Linked Securities for such purpose will be 
effected by presentation of the Global Security and its endorsement to Security the nominal amount of 
Share Linked Securities to which the relevant Asset Transfer Notice relates. 
4.6 
Physical Settlement Procedures 
(a) 
Procedure by Securityholders 
If "Physical Settlement" or "Cash or Physical Settlement" is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, any Delivery of Shares in respect of the Physical Settlement Amount 
shall be in accordance with any applicable securities laws and the provisions set out in this Share 
Linked Asset Condition 4.6. 
(i) 
In order to receive the Physical Settlement Amount, the relevant Securityholder shall 
(or shall procure that a depository, custodian or entity with which it has a similar 
relationship in respect of the Securities shall on its behalf), (I) at least three (3) Business

--- Page 480 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
480 
Days, or such other number of Business Days as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or (II) such lesser number of Business Days determined by the Issuer in 
its sole discretion and notified to Securityholders in respect of the relevant Series of 
Securities, in each case prior to the Physical Settlement Date: 
(A) 
if the Share Linked Securities are represented by a Global Security, present a 
notice to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, with a copy to any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, 
and the relevant Issuer, via the EUCLID System or any equivalent or successor 
system (a EUCLID Notice); or 
(B) 
if the Share Linked Security is in definitive form, surrender to the Paying Agent 
or the Registrar, as the case may be, the Definitive Security (which expression 
shall, for the purposes of this Share Linked Asset Condition 4.6, include 
Receipt(s) and, if applicable, all unmatured Coupons, in accordance with the 
provisions of General Condition 5 (Payments)), a completed Asset Transfer 
Notice substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (the Asset 
Transfer Notice) (a copy of which may be obtained from the specified office 
of any of the Paying Agents) with a copy to the relevant Issuer. 
(ii) 
Each of a EUCLID Notice and an Asset Transfer Notice, as the case may be, is referred 
to herein as a Notice. 
(iii) 
The EUCLID Notice referred to above must: 
(A) 
specify the name and address of the relevant Securityholder and the person 
from whom the Delivery Agent may obtain details for the Delivery of the 
Physical Settlement Amount; 
(B) 
specify the number of Share Linked Securities which are the subject of such 
notice and the number of the Securityholder's account at DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to be debited with such Share 
Linked Securities; 
(C) 
irrevocably instruct and authorise DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, to debit the relevant Securityholder's account 
with such Share Linked Securities on the date on which such Share Linked 
Securities are redeemed in accordance with Share Linked Asset Condition 4.1 
(Delivery and payment); 
(D) 
provide the Securityholder's certification whether it is a U.S. person, or a 
person acting on behalf of a U.S. person, or a person within the United States 
(as such terms are defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act); and 
(E) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings. 
(iv) 
The Asset Transfer Notice referred to above must: 
(A) 
specify the name and address of the person from whom the Delivery Agent 
may obtain details for Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount; 
(B) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings; and 
(C) 
provide the Securityholder's certification whether it is a U.S. person, or a 
person acting on behalf of a U.S. person, or a person within the United States 
(as such terms are defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act).

--- Page 481 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
481 
(v) 
No Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the Paying Agent, the Registrar or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be. 
(vi) 
After delivery of such Notice, the relevant Securityholder may not transfer the Share 
Linked Securities, which are the subject of such Notice, and no transfers of the Share 
Linked Securities specified therein represented by a Global Security will be effected by 
DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(vii) 
Any determination as to whether a notice is valid and has been properly completed and 
delivered as provided in this Share Linked Asset Condition 4.6 shall be made by DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, after 
consultation with the Delivery Agent and shall be conclusive and binding on the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Securityholder. 
(b) 
Procedure by the relevant Issuer and others 
Upon receipt of a duly completed Notice and (in the case of Share Linked Securities in definitive 
form) the Definitive Security to which such Notice relates, the relevant Paying Agent or the 
Registrar, as the case may be, DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
shall verify that the person specified therein as the accountholder is the holder of the Share 
Linked Securities referred to therein according to its books. 
Subject as provided herein, in relation to each Share Linked Security, the Physical Settlement 
Amount will be Delivered at the risk of the relevant Securityholder in such commercially 
reasonable manner as the Delivery Agent shall, in its sole discretion, determine to be appropriate 
for such delivery on the Physical Settlement Date for the Share Linked Securities, provided that 
the relevant Share Linked Security in definitive form and the Notice are delivered not later than 
the close of business in Luxembourg on the date (the Notice Cut-Off Date) which is five (5) 
Business Days (or such other number of Business Days as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) before the Physical Settlement Date. 
(c) 
Delay or Failure to Deliver Notice 
If the Notice and, in the case of Share Linked Securities in definitive form, the Definitive 
Security to which such Notice relates, are delivered to the relevant Issuer later than close of 
business on the Notice Cut-Off Date, then the Physical Settlement Amount will be delivered as 
soon as practicable after the due date for redemption of the Share Linked Securities, at the risk 
of such Securityholder. 
For the avoidance of doubt, without prejudice to Share Linked Asset Condition 4.1(a) and 4.1(b) 
(Delivery and payment), such Securityholder shall not be entitled to any payment or other assets, 
whether of interest or otherwise, in the event of the Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount 
falling after the due date for redemption of the Share Linked Securities pursuant to the provisions 
of this Share Linked Asset Condition 4.6 or otherwise due to circumstances beyond the control 
of the relevant Issuer. 
If the relevant Securityholder fails to validly deliver a Notice, or procure that a notice is validly 
delivered on its behalf, in the manner set out in these Conditions or delivers a Notice, or procures 
that a Notice is delivered, on any day falling after the day that is 180 calendar days after the 
Notice Cut-Off Date or, in the case of Share Linked Securities in definitive form, fails to deliver 
the Definitive Security related thereto, or procure that such Definitive Security is delivered, or 
fails to pay the expenses referred to in Share Linked Asset Condition 4.4 (Delivery and Fees), 
the relevant Issuer shall be discharged from its obligation in respect of such Share Linked 
Security and shall have no further obligation or liability whatsoever in respect thereof.

--- Page 482 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
482 
(d) 
Delivery at risk of Securityholder 
Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount by the relevant Issuer to the Securityholder shall be 
at the risk of the Securityholder and no additional payment or delivery will be due to a 
Securityholder where the Physical Settlement Amount is delivered after its due date in 
circumstances beyond the control of either the relevant Issuer or the Delivery Agent. 
(e) 
No further liability of Issuer 
After delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount by the relevant Issuer to a Securityholder 
pursuant to this Share Linked Asset Condition 4.6 but prior to the time when the Securityholder 
(or his designee) becomes the holder of the relevant Share (the Intervening Period), neither the 
relevant Issuer nor its agent or nominee shall (i) be under any obligation to deliver to such 
Securityholder or any subsequent beneficial owner of such relevant Share any letter, Security, 
notice, circular, dividend or any other document or payment whatsoever received by the relevant 
Issuer or its agent or nominee in its capacity as the holder of such relevant Share, (ii) exercise 
any or all rights (including voting rights) attaching to such relevant Share during the Intervening 
Period nor be under any obligation to exercise any such rights during the Intervening Period 
(either on its own behalf or on behalf of any Securityholder or any subsequent beneficial owner 
of such relevant Share), or (iii) be under any liability to such Securityholder or any subsequent 
beneficial owner of such relevant Share in respect of any loss or damage which such 
Securityholder or subsequent beneficial owner may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly 
or indirectly, of the relevant Issuer or its agent or nominee being registered during such 
Intervening Period as legal owner of such relevant Share. 
(f) 
Escrow 
If Escrow is specified in relation to a Share as applicable, either the relevant Issuer or any 
Securityholder may require that Physical Settlement take place through the use of an Escrow 
Agent (in the case of any such request by a Securityholder, solely in relation to the Securities 
held by such Securityholder). Any costs or expenses incurred in connection with establishing 
such escrow arrangement shall be borne by the relevant Securityholder. 
4.7 
Basket Share Linked Securities 
If the Share Linked Securities are Basket Share Linked Securities, then the provisions of this Share Linked 
Asset Condition 4 relating to physical settlement of Share Linked Securities shall apply to each Share 
Linked Security with respect to each Share separately unless provided otherwise in this Share Linked 
Asset Condition 4. The remaining provisions of these Share Linked Asset Conditions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
5 
DEPOSITARY RECEIPT PROVISIONS 
5.1 
Partial Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Partial Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" 
shall be applicable to a Share, then the provisions set out below shall apply, and, in relation to such Share, 
the other provisions of these Share Linked Asset Conditions shall be deemed to be amended and modified 
as set out in this Share Linked Asset Condition 5.1. 
(a) 
The definition of "Potential Adjustment Event" shall be amended so that it reads as follows: 
"Potential Adjustment Event means any of the following at any time on or after the Trade Date: 
(A) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares and/or Underlying 
Shares (unless resulting in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any 
such Shares and/or Underlying Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue;

--- Page 483 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
483 
(B) 
a distribution, issue or dividend (whether ordinary or extraordinary) to existing holders 
of the relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares of (I) such Shares and/or Underlying 
Shares, or (II) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends 
and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Basket Company, the Share Company or 
Underlying Share Company, as the case may be, equally or proportionately with such 
payments to holders of such Shares and/or Underlying Shares, or (III) share capital or 
other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the 
Basket Company, Share Company or Underlying Share Company, as the case may be, 
as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (IV) any other type of securities, 
rights or certificates or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or in other 
consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
(C) 
in respect of a Share and/or Underlying Share, an amount per Share and/or Underlying 
Share is determined by the Calculation Agent to be an extraordinary dividend; 
(D) 
a call by the Basket Company, Share Company or Underlying Share Company, as the 
case may be, in respect of relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares that are not fully 
paid; 
(E) 
a repurchase by the Basket Company, the Share Company or the Underlying Share 
Company, or any of their respective subsidiaries, as the case may be, of relevant Shares 
and/or Underlying Shares whether out of profits or capital and whether the 
consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(F) 
in respect of a Basket Company, Share Company or Underlying Share Company, as the 
case may be, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or 
becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock 
of such Basket Company, Share Company or Underlying Share Company, as the case 
may be, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile 
takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of 
preferred stock, certificates, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their 
market value, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment 
effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such 
rights; 
(G) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares and/or Underlying 
Shares; or 
(H) 
the making of any amendment or supplement to the terms of the Deposit Agreement, 
provided that an event under (A) to (G) (inclusive) above in respect of the Underlying Shares 
shall not constitute a Potential Adjustment Event unless, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, such event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares." 
(b) 
Following the declaration by the Basket Company, Share Company or Underlying Share 
Company, as the case may be, of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation 
Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine whether: 
(i) 
in the case of an event under (A) to (G) (inclusive) of the definition of "Potential 
Adjustment Event" occurring in respect of any Underlying Share, such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
relevant Shares; or 
(ii) 
in the case of an event under (H) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event", such 
Potential Adjustment Event has an economic effect on the Securities,

--- Page 484 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
484 
and, in each case, the Calculation Agent may (I) make the corresponding adjustment(s), if any, 
to any relevant term(s) of the Securities, as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion determines appropriate to account for (1) in respect of an event under (A) to (G) 
(inclusive) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event", that diluting or concentrative 
effect, and (2) in respect of an event under (H) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event", 
such economic effect on the Securities, as the case may be (provided that no adjustments will be 
made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity 
relative to the relevant Share) and (II) determine the effective date of that adjustment. The 
Calculation Agent may, but need not, (amongst other factors) determine the appropriate 
adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made 
by an options exchange to options on the Shares and/or Underlying Shares traded on that options 
exchange, or made by the Depository under the Deposit Agreement, as applicable. 
If the Calculation Agent is not able to, or does not, determine any adjustments for the purposes 
of the sub-paragraph above, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, upon giving notice 
to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not 
some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to 
the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount; payments will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall 
give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices), stating the adjustment to any relevant term(s) of the Securities and giving 
brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
(c) 
The definitions of "Merger Event" and "Tender Offer" shall be amended in accordance with the 
DR Amendment. 
(d) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Merger Event or Tender Offer has occurred in respect 
of an Underlying Share, then where the Calculation Agent makes an adjustment to the Securities 
in connection with a Merger Event or Tender Offer, the Calculation Agent may (amongst other 
factors) have reference to any adjustment made by the Depository under the Deposit Agreement. 
(e) 
The definitions of "Nationalisation", "Insolvency" and "De-Listing" shall be amended in 
accordance with the DR Amendment. 
(f) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of "De-Listing", a De-Listing shall 
not occur in respect of the Underlying Shares if the Underlying Shares are immediately re-listed, 
re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system regardless of the location of such 
exchange or quotation system. 
(g) 
Share Linked Asset Condition 3.2(b)(ii) shall be amended so that it reads as follows: 
"(ii) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event 
(A) 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in relation to a Share and/or Underlying 
Share, as the case may be, on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer in its sole and 
absolute discretion may take, if applicable, any of the actions described in (I), 
(II), (III) or (IV) below: 
(I) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute 
discretion the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any of the 
Conditions of the Securities to account for the Merger Event, Tender 
Offer, De-Listing, Nationalisation, Insolvency or Deposit Agreement 
Termination, as the case may be, and determine the effective date of

--- Page 485 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
485 
that adjustment; the relevant adjustments may include, without 
limitation, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares and/or 
the Underlying Shares, as the case may be, or to the Securities; the 
Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate 
adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of the Merger 
Event, Tender Offer, De-Listing, Nationalisation, Insolvency or 
Deposit Agreement Termination, as the case may be, made by any 
options exchange to options on the Shares and/or Underlying Shares, 
as the case may be, traded on that options exchange; or 
(II) 
by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the 
Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount 
equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount of a Security 
taking into account the relevant Extraordinary Event(s); or 
 (III) 
in the case of Share Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, 
on or after the relevant Merger Date, Tender Offer Date, or the date 
of the Nationalisation, Insolvency, De-Listing or Deposit Agreement 
Termination (as the case may be), require the Calculation Agent to 
adjust the Basket of Shares by including shares selected by it in 
accordance with the criteria for share selection set out in (B) below 
(the Substitute Shares) in place of the Affected Share(s) and the 
Substitute Shares will be deemed to be Shares and the relevant issuer 
of such shares, a Share Company or a Basket Company for the 
purposes of the Securities, and the Calculation Agent will make such 
adjustment, if any, to the Conditions of the Securities as the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines 
appropriate; such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the 
Basket of Shares will be deemed to be effective as of the date selected 
by the Calculation Agent (the Substitution Date) in its sole and 
absolute discretion and specified in the notice referred to below 
which may, but need not, be the Merger Date or Tender Offer Date 
or the date of the Nationalisation, Insolvency, De-Listing or Deposit 
Agreement Termination, as applicable. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share (if any) will be equal to the Weighting 
of the relevant Affected Share. 
(B) 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must be a share 
which, in the sole and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent: 
(I) 
is not already comprised in the Basket of Shares; 
(II) 
the issuer of which belongs to (1) a similar economic sector as the 
Share Company or Basket Company in respect of the Affected Share, 
or (2) in the case of an Extraordinary Event affecting an Underlying 
Share, a similar economic sector as the Underlying Share Company; 
and 
(III) 
the issuer of which is (1) of comparable market capitalisation, 
international standing and exposure as the Share Company or Basket 
Company in respect of the Affected Share, or (2) in the case of an 
Extraordinary Event affecting an Underlying Share, of comparable 
market capitalisation, international standing and exposure as the 
Underlying Share Company.

--- Page 486 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
486 
(C) 
For the purpose of this Share Linked Asset Condition 3.2(b)(ii), the definition 
of "Extraordinary Event" shall include a Deposit Agreement Termination." 
(h) 
The definition of "Insolvency Filing" shall be amended in accordance with the DR Amendment. 
(i) 
The definition of "Hedging Disruption" shall be amended so that it reads as follows: 
"Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that: 
(a) 
in respect of Securities which are not Italian Listed Securities, the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to: (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge any relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency risk and equity 
price of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable), and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities 
(including, in the case of Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specifies that 
the "Partial Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" shall be applicable to one or 
more Share(s), such Share(s)) or (ii) realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or 
transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) (including, in the case of 
Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specifies that the "Partial Lookthrough 
Depositary Receipt Provisions" shall be applicable to one or more Share(s), such 
Share(s)); or 
(b) 
in respect of Securities which are Italian Listed Securities, that the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts and as a result of an event which is beyond the control 
of such Issuer, Guarantor (if applicable) and/or Affiliate(s) (including, without 
limitation, any force majeure, act of state, change in any applicable law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction 
of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk including 
but not limited to the currency risk and equity price of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
(if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates, (if applicable), issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Italian Listed Securities (including, in the 
case of Italian Listed Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specifies that the 
"Partial Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" shall be applicable to one or more 
Share(s), such Share(s)), or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or 
transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) (including, in the case of 
Italian Listed Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specifies that the "Partial 
Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" shall be applicable to one or more 
Share(s), such Share(s))." 
(j) 
The definition of "Increased Cost of Hedging" shall be amended so that it reads as follows: 
"Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
and/or any of their respective Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity risk, foreign 
exchange risk and interest rate risk of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or 
any of their respective Affiliates, in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Securities (including, in the case of Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specifies that

--- Page 487 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
487 
the "Partial Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" shall be applicable to one or more 
Share(s), such Share(s)), or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) 
or asset(s) (including, in the case of Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specifies 
that the "Partial Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" shall be applicable to one or more 
Share(s), such Share(s)), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred 
solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if 
applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of 
Hedging." 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a provision is amended pursuant to this Share Linked Asset Condition 
5.1 in accordance with the DR Amendment, if the event described in such provision occurs in respect of 
an Underlying Shares or an Underlying Share Company, then the consequence of such event shall be 
interpreted consistently with the DR Amendment and such event. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
5.2 
Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" 
shall be applicable to a Share, then the provisions set out below shall apply, and, in relation to such Share, 
the other provisions of these Share Linked Asset Conditions shall be deemed to be amended and modified 
as set out in this Share Linked Asset Condition 5.2. 
(a) 
The definition of "Potential Adjustment Event" shall be amended so that it reads as follows: 
"Potential Adjustment Event means any of the following at any time on or after the Trade Date: 
(A) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares and/or Underlying 
Shares (unless resulting in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any 
such Shares and/or Underlying Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; 
(B) 
a distribution, issue or dividend (whether ordinary or extraordinary) to existing holders 
of the relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares of (I) such Shares and/or Underlying 
Shares, or (II) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends 
and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Basket Company, the Share Company or 
Underlying Share Company, as the case may be, equally or proportionately with such 
payments to holders of such Shares and/or Underlying Shares, or (III) share capital or 
other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the 
Basket Company, Share Company or Underlying Share Company, as the case may be, 
as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (IV) any other type of securities, 
rights or certificates or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or in other 
consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
(C) 
in respect of a Share and/or Underlying Share, an amount per Share and/or Underlying 
Share is determined by the Calculation Agent to be an extraordinary dividend; 
(D) 
a call by the Basket Company, Share Company or Underlying Share Company, as the 
case may be, in respect of relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares that are not fully 
paid; 
(E) 
a repurchase by the Basket Company, the Share Company or the Underlying Share 
Company, or any of their respective subsidiaries, as the case may be, of relevant Shares 
and/or Underlying Shares whether out of profits or capital and whether the 
consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise;

--- Page 488 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
488 
(F) 
in respect of a Basket Company, Share Company or Underlying Share Company, as the 
case may be, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or 
becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock 
of such Basket Company, Share Company or Underlying Share Company, as the case 
may be, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile 
takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of 
preferred stock, certificates, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their 
market value, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment 
effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such 
rights; 
(G) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares and/or Underlying 
Shares; or 
(H) 
the making of any amendment or supplement to the terms of the Deposit Agreement, 
provided that an event under (A) to (G) (inclusive) above in respect of the Underlying Shares 
shall not constitute a Potential Adjustment Event unless, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, such event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares." 
(b) 
Following the declaration by the Basket Company, Share Company or Underlying Share 
Company, as the case may be, of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation 
Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine whether: 
(i) 
in the case of an event under (A) to (G) (inclusive) of the definition of "Potential 
Adjustment Event" occurring in respect of any Underlying Share, such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
relevant Shares; or 
(ii) 
in the case of an event under (H) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event", such 
Potential Adjustment Event has an economic effect on the Securities, 
and, in each case, the Calculation Agent may (I) make the corresponding adjustment(s), if any, 
to any relevant term(s) of the Securities, as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion determines appropriate to account for (1) in respect of an event under (A) to (G) 
(inclusive) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event", that diluting or concentrative 
effect, and (2) in respect of an event under (H) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event", 
such economic effect on the Securities, as the case may be (provided that no adjustments will be 
made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity 
relative to the relevant Share) and (II) determine the effective date of that adjustment. The 
Calculation Agent may, but need not, (amongst other factors) determine the appropriate 
adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made 
by an options exchange to options on the Shares and/or Underlying Shares traded on that options 
exchange, or made by the Depository under the Deposit Agreement, as applicable. 
If the Calculation Agent is not able to, or does not, determine any adjustments for the purposes 
of the sub-paragraph above, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, upon giving notice 
to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not 
some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to 
the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount; payments will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall 
give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices), stating the adjustment to any relevant term(s) of the Securities and giving 
brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event.

--- Page 489 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
489 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
(c) 
The definitions of "Merger Event" and "Tender Offer" shall be amended in accordance with the 
DR Amendment. 
(d) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Merger Event or Tender Offer has occurred in respect 
of an Underlying Share, then where the Calculation Agent makes an adjustment to the Securities 
in connection with a Merger Event or Tender Offer, the Calculation Agent may (amongst other 
factors) have reference to any adjustment made by the Depository under the Deposit Agreement. 
(e) 
The definitions of "Nationalisation", "Insolvency" and "De-Listing" shall be amended in 
accordance with the DR Amendment. 
(f) 
Share Linked Asset Condition 3.2(b)(ii) shall be amended so that it reads as follows: 
"(ii) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event 
(A) 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in relation to a Share and/or Underlying 
Share, as the case may be, on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer in its sole and 
absolute discretion may take, if applicable, any of the actions described in (I), 
(II), (III) or (IV) below: 
(I) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute 
discretion the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any of the 
Conditions of the Securities to account for the Merger Event, Tender 
Offer, De-Listing, Nationalisation, Insolvency or Deposit Agreement 
Termination, as the case may be, and determine the effective date of 
that adjustment; the relevant adjustments may include, without 
limitation, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares and/or the 
Underlying Shares, as the case may be, or to the Securities; the 
Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate 
adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of the Merger 
Event, Tender Offer, De-Listing, Nationalisation, Insolvency or 
Deposit Agreement Termination, as the case may be, made by any 
options exchange to options on the Shares and/or Underlying Shares, 
as the case may be, traded on that options exchange; or 
(II) 
by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, 
each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount of a Security taking into 
account the relevant Extraordinary Event(s); or 
(III) 
in the case of Share Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Shares 
where a Weighting is specified as being applicable to each Share in 
the Basket in the relevant Final Terms, redeem the Securities in part 
by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices); if the Securities are so redeemed in part, the 
portion of each Security representing the aggregate Weightings of the 
Share(s) (the Affected Share(s)) for which such Share(s) and/or the 
Underlying Share(s), as the case may be, were affected by the 
Extraordinary Event, shall be redeemed at an amount (the Redeemed 
Amount) equal to the Fair Value Market Redemption Amount of the 
Security multiplied by the aggregate Weightings of the Affected 
Share(s); the Calculation Agent will determine in its sole and absolute

--- Page 490 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
490 
discretion and make the appropriate adjustments, if any, to the 
Conditions of the Securities to account for such redemption in part; 
for the avoidance of doubt the remaining part of each Security after 
such redemption and adjustment shall remain outstanding with full 
force and effect; payments will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices); or 
(IV) 
in the case of Share Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, 
on or after the relevant Merger Date, Tender Offer Date, or the date 
of the Nationalisation, Insolvency, De-Listing or Deposit Agreement 
Termination (as the case may be), require the Calculation Agent to 
adjust the Basket of Shares by including shares selected by it in 
accordance with the criteria for share selection set out in (B) below 
(the Substitute Shares) in place of the Affected Share(s) and the 
Substitute Shares will be deemed to be Shares and the relevant issuer 
of such shares, a Share Company or a Basket Company for the 
purposes of the Securities, and the Calculation Agent will make such 
adjustment, if any, to the Conditions of the Securities as the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines 
appropriate; such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the 
Basket of Shares will be deemed to be effective as of the date selected 
by the Calculation Agent (the Substitution Date) in its sole and 
absolute discretion and specified in the notice referred to below which 
may, but need not, be the Merger Date or Tender Offer Date or the 
date of the Nationalisation, Insolvency, De-Listing or Deposit 
Agreement Termination, as applicable. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share (if any) will be equal to the Weighting 
of the relevant Affected Share. 
(B) 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must be a share 
which, in the sole and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent: 
(I) 
is not already comprised in the Basket of Shares; 
(II) 
the issuer of which belongs to (1) a similar economic sector as the 
Share Company or Basket Company in respect of the Affected Share, 
or (2) in the case of an Extraordinary Event affecting an Underlying 
Share, a similar economic sector as the Underlying Share Company; 
and 
(III) 
the issuer of which is (1) of comparable market capitalisation, 
international standing and exposure as the Share Company or Basket 
Company in respect of the Affected Share, or (2) in the case of an 
Extraordinary Event affecting an Underlying Share, of comparable 
market capitalisation, international standing and exposure as the 
Underlying Share Company. 
(C) 
For the purpose of this Share Linked Asset Condition 3.2(b)(ii), the definition 
of "Extraordinary Event" shall include a Deposit Agreement Termination. 
(D) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) 
will apply." 
(g) 
The definition of "Insolvency Filing" shall be amended in accordance with the DR Amendment.

--- Page 491 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
491 
(h) 
For the purpose of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred in respect of a 
Share to which the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt 
Provisions" shall be applicable, the following amendments shall be deemed to be made to the 
Share Asset Linked Conditions: 
(i) 
each reference in the definition of "Exchange Business Day", "Exchange Business Day 
(All Share Basis)", "Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis)", "Exchange Business 
Day (Single Share Basis)", "Scheduled Closing Time", "Scheduled Trading Day", 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Share Basis)", "Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share 
Basis)", "Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis)", "Trading Disruption", 
"Exchange Disruption", "Early Closure" and "Disrupted Day", to the "Exchange" shall 
be deemed to include a reference to the primary exchange or quotation system on which 
the Underlying Shares are traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(ii) 
each reference in the definition of "Exchange Business Day", "Exchange Business Day 
(All Share Basis)", "Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis)", "Exchange Business 
Day (Single Share Basis)", "Scheduled Closing Time", "Scheduled Trading Day", 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Share Basis)", "Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share 
Basis)", "Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis)", "Trading Disruption", 
"Exchange Disruption", "Early Closure" and "Disrupted Day", to the "Related 
Exchange" shall be deemed to include a reference to the primary exchange or quotation 
system on which futures or options contracts relating to the Underlying Shares are 
traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(iii) 
the definition of "Market Disruption Event", "Trading Disruption" and "Exchange 
Disruption" shall be amended in accordance with the DR Amendment. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a provision is amended pursuant to this Share Linked Asset Condition 
5.2 in accordance with the DR Amendment, if the event described in such provision occurs in respect of 
an Underlying Share or an Underlying Share Company, then the consequence of such event shall be 
interpreted consistently with the DR Amendment and such event. 
5.3 
Depository Receipt Definitions 
The following definitions shall apply for the purposes of this Share Linked Asset Condition 5: 
Deposit Agreement means, in relation to a Share to which the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
"Partial Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" or the "Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt 
Provisions" shall be applicable, the agreements or other instruments constituting such Share, as from time 
to time amended or supplemented in accordance with their terms. 
Deposit Agreement Termination means a public announcement by the Depository that the Deposit 
Agreement is (or will be) terminated. 
Depository means, in relation to a Share to which the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Partial 
Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" or the "Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" 
shall be applicable, the company that has issued such Share, or any successor issuer of the Share from 
time to time. 
DR Amendment means, where specified as applicable to a definition or provision, that the following 
changes shall be made to such definition or provision: 
(a) 
all references to "Share" shall be deleted and replaced with the words "Share and/or Underlying 
Share"; 
(b) 
all references to "Shares" shall be deleted and replaced with the words "Shares and/or Underlying 
Shares";

--- Page 492 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
492 
(c) 
all references to "Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be" shall be deleted and 
replaced with the words "Basket Company, Share Company or Underlying Share Company, as 
the case may be"; and 
(d) 
all references to "Basket Company or its subsidiaries or the Share Company or its subsidiaries, 
as the case may be" shall be deleted and replaced with the words "Basket Company, Share 
Company or Underlying Share Company, or their respective subsidiaries, as the case may be". 
Underlying Share Company means, in relation to an Underlying Share, the company that has issued 
such Underlying Share. 
Underlying Share means, in relation to a Share, the shares or other securities which are the subject of 
the Deposit Agreement relating to such Share.

--- Page 493 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Asset Conditions: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
493 
Chapter 8: Asset Conditions: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional Terms and Conditions for Securities that are Fund Linked Securities. 
The following terms and conditions (the Fund Linked Asset Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that Fund Linked Interest Securities or Fund Linked Redemption Securities is 
applicable. These Fund Linked Asset Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Fund Linked Asset Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and 
Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
References in these Fund Linked Asset Conditions to a Fund Linked Asset Condition are to a section or clause of 
these Fund Linked Asset Conditions. 
1 
FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
Unless the Securities are redeemed early in accordance with these Fund Linked Asset Conditions, if the 
determination of (A) the Interest Amount (in the case of Fund Linked Interest Securities), or (B) (I) the 
Final Redemption Amount, (II) the Early Redemption Amount or (III) the Instalment Redemption 
Amount (in the case of Fund Linked Redemption Securities), as the case may be, is postponed as a result 
of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
payment of any such amount (the Affected Amount) will be made on the scheduled date for 
payment of such amount or, if later, on the date falling two (2) Payment Extension Days (or such 
other number of Payment Extension Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) following 
the earlier to occur of (i) the Fund Determination Date; and (ii) the Disruption Longstop Date; 
and 
(b) 
such Affected Amount shall be paid without any interest or other sum payable in respect of the 
postponement of the payment of the Affected Amount. 
2 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS RELATING TO FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
Additional Fund Documents shall mean, in respect of a Fund Interest, documents particular to such 
Fund Interest or the related Reference Fund, if any, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Averaging Date means any Observation Date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if no such dates 
are specified, in respect of a Fund Linked Security where the Fund Price is used to determine an 
Underlying Value and the applicable Relevant Observation provides that "Average Underlying Level" 
shall apply, each deemed Observation Date which is a Relevant Timing for the purposes of calculating 
the Relevant Observation. 
Basket or Basket of Fund Interests means a basket composed of Fund Interests (each an Underlying) 
in Reference Funds in the relative proportions or numbers of Fund Interest Units specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Basket Reference Fund means a Reference Fund whose Fund Interests are included in the Basket of 
Fund Interests and Basket Reference Funds means all such companies. 
Basket Fund Linked Securities means Fund Linked Securities that are linked to Fund Interests in more 
than one Reference Fund, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Calculation Agent Determination Disruption the occurrence of any event (beyond the control of the 
Hypothetical Investor), other than an event constituting a Fund Valuation Disruption or a Fund Settlement 
Disruption, affecting a Reference Fund that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it 
impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the Fund Price.

--- Page 494 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Asset Conditions: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
494 
Currency Business Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre for the 
Settlement Currency. If the Settlement Currency is euro, any day on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer (TARGET) system is open shall be a Currency 
Business Day. 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Fund Interest or, in the case of a Basket of Fund Interests, in respect 
of any Fund Interest comprising the Basket and observed separately, in each case: 
(a) 
where the relevant Fund Price is to be determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the 
definition thereof, any Fund Business Day; or 
(b) 
where the relevant Fund Price is to be determined in accordance with sub-paragraphs (b)(ii) - (v) 
of the definition thereof, any Currency Business Day,  
in each case, on which a Fund Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing. 
Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last Fund 
Business Day in the sequence of consecutive scheduled Fund Business Days equal to the Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following any Scheduled Observation Date. 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount has the meaning set out in the Definitions . 
Fund Administrator means, in respect of a Reference Fund, any person specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no person is so specified, the fund administrator, manager, trustee or similar 
person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such Reference Fund according to the Fund 
Documents. 
Fund Adviser means, in respect of any Reference Fund, any person specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no person is so specified, any person appointed in the role of discretionary investment 
manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a 
discretionary investment manager or to another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such Reference 
Fund. 
Fund Business Day means, in respect of a Reference Fund (or, in the case of a Basket of Funds, in respect 
of each Reference Fund observed separately), any day on which a Valid Order may be submitted by a 
Hypothetical Investor pursuant to the Fund Documents prevailing on the Trade Date. 
Fund Determination Date has the meaning set out in Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.1(a) 
(Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days). 
Fund Disruption Event means, in respect of any Fund Interest the occurrence or existence of (a) a Fund 
Valuation Disruption, (b) a Fund Settlement Disruption or (c) a Calculation Agent Determination 
Disruption, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Observation Date and at such other relevant dates and times as specified herein or in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Fund Documents means, with respect to any Fund Interest, the constitutive and governing documents, 
subscription agreements and other agreements of the related Reference Fund specifying the terms and 
conditions relating to such Fund Interest and any Additional Fund Documents, in each case, as amended 
from time to time. 
Fund Interest means an interest issued to or held by an investor in a fund, pooled investment vehicle or 
any other interest identified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fund Interest Unit means, with respect to a Fund Interest in a Reference Fund, a share of such Fund 
Interest or, if Fund Interests in such Reference Fund are not denominated as shares, a notional unit of 
account of ownership of such Fund Interest in such Reference Fund in the amount specified in the

--- Page 495 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Asset Conditions: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
495 
applicable Final Terms; provided that if no such amount is so specified, then the entire amount of Fund 
Interest in which the Hypothetical Investor is deemed to invest on the Trade Date shall be a single Fund 
Interest Unit for purposes of these Fund Linked Asset Conditions. 
Fund Price on any day means, in respect of a Fund Interest, (a) the price per related Fund Interest Unit 
determined by the Calculation Agent either as provided in the applicable Final Terms as of the Valuation 
Time on the relevant Observation Date, as the case may be, or (b) if no means for determining the Fund 
Price are so provided, the Fund Price per related Fund Interest Unit in respect of the relevant Observation 
Date shall be: 
(i) 
where "NAV" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the NAV determined as of the relevant 
Observation Date provided that if the applicable Final Terms specifies that the NAV is subject 
to "Calculation Agent Adjustment", the Calculation Agent shall adjust the Fund Price to reflect, 
without duplication, the relevant portion per Fund Interest Unit of: (A) such fees and costs as 
would be charged to the Hypothetical Investor pursuant to the Fund Documents, (B) such other 
fees as are specified as "Redemption Fees" in the applicable Final Terms and (C) the redemption 
proceeds relating to such Fund Interest Unit, in each case in connection with a deemed 
redemption of all Fund Interest Units that are subject to valuation as of such Observation Date; 
(ii) 
where "Execution Method/Subscription" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
aggregate amount per Fund Interest Unit including all costs or fees (if any) that would be paid 
(either on a single date or over a period of time) by a Hypothetical Investor in Fund Interest 
Units pursuant to a Valid Order for the subscription of Fund Interest Unit(s) scheduled to be 
executed on the official net asset value per Fund Interest Unit determined by the Reference Fund 
(or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) dated as of such Observation 
Date; 
(iii) 
where "Execution Method/Redemption" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the aggregate 
amount per Fund Interest Unit including all costs or fees (if any) that would be received in cash 
(either on a single date or over a period of time) by a Hypothetical Investor in Fund Interest 
Units pursuant to a Valid Order for the redemption of Fund Interest Unit(s) scheduled to be 
executed on the official net asset value per Fund Interest Unit determined by the Reference Fund 
(or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) dated as of such Observation 
Date; 
(iv) 
where "Order Method/Subscription" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the aggregate 
amount per Fund Interest Unit including all costs or fees (if any) that would be paid (either on a 
single date or over a period of time) by a Hypothetical Investor in Fund Interest Units pursuant 
to a Valid Order for the subscription of Fund Interest Unit(s) submitted to and accepted by the 
Reference Fund on such Observation Date; or 
(v) 
where "Order Method/Redemption" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the aggregate 
amount per Fund Interest Unit including all costs or fees (if any) that would be received in cash 
(either on a single date or over a period of time) by a Hypothetical Investor in Fund Interest 
Units pursuant to a Valid Order for the redemption of Fund Interest Unit(s) submitted to and 
accepted by the Reference Fund on such Observation Date. 
Fund Service Provider means, in respect of any Reference Fund, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, for that Reference Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, 
including any Fund Adviser, Fund Administrator, operator, management company, depository, custodian, 
subcustodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent or any 
other person specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fund Settlement Disruption means, in respect of a Fund Interest and any day, a failure by the Reference 
Fund to pay the full amount (whether expressed as a percentage or otherwise) of the redemption proceeds 
with respect to the relevant number of Fund Interest Units or amount of such Fund Interest scheduled to 
have been paid on or by such day according to the Fund Documents (without giving effect to any gating,

--- Page 496 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Asset Conditions: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
496 
deferral, suspension or other provisions permitting the Reference Fund to delay or refuse redemption of 
Fund Interests) and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it impossible or 
impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the Fund Price, including (without limitation) due 
to: (a) the transfer of all illiquid assets of such Reference Fund to a dedicated fund, account or structure 
pending the liquidation of such assets for the benefit of existing holders of the Fund Interest Units, (b) the 
restriction on the amount or number of redemptions orders that the Reference Fund (or the Fund Service 
Provider generally in charge of accepting redemption orders) will accept in relation to a single date on 
which the Reference Fund normally accepts redemption orders, (c) the suspension for any reason of the 
subscription or redemption orders by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of 
accepting subscription and redemption orders), or (d) the postponement of the payment of the balance of 
redemption proceeds to a date occurring after the financial statements of the Fund have been reviewed by 
the Fund's statutory auditors, in each case whether these events are imposed by the Fund without being 
envisaged in the Fund Documents on the Trade Date or are already envisaged by the Fund Documents on 
the Trade Date of the Securities and are solely implemented by the Fund after such date. 
Fund Valuation Disruption means the occurrence of any event (beyond the control of a Hypothetical 
Investor), other than the events which constitute a Fund Settlement Disruption or Calculation Agent 
Determination Disruption, affecting a Reference Fund which, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, makes it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the Fund Price. 
Hypothetical Investor means, with respect to any Fund Interest, a hypothetical investor in such Fund 
Interest resident or organised in the Hypothetical Investor Jurisdiction and deemed (a) to have the benefits 
and obligations, as provided under the Fund Documents, of an investor holding an interest in the relevant 
Reference Fund in an amount equal to the relevant portion of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Securities comprising such Fund Interest; (b) in the case of any deemed investment in such Fund Interest, 
to have submitted a Valid Order requesting subscription to the relevant number of Fund Interest Units; 
and (c) in the case of any deemed redemption of such Fund Interest, to have submitted a Valid Order 
requesting redemption of the relevant number of Fund Interest Units. 
Hypothetical Investor Jurisdiction means the jurisdiction selected by the Calculation Agent, which may 
be any jurisdiction it chooses in its sole discretion. 
Maximum Days of Disruption means eight (8) Fund Business Days or such other number of Fund 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
NAV means, with respect to the relevant Fund Interest and an Observation Date, the official net asset 
value of such Fund Interest per Fund Interest Unit on such Observation Date as determined by the relevant 
Reference Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) or, if the relevant 
Reference Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) reports only its 
aggregate net asset value, the portion of such Reference Fund's aggregate net asset value relating to each 
Fund Interest Unit on the relevant Observation Date as determined by the relevant Reference Fund (or the 
Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value). 
Number of Units means: 
(a) 
if the Fund Linked Securities are Basket Fund Linked Securities, for the Fund Interest Units of 
each Reference Fund comprised in the Basket, the number of such Fund Interest Units per Basket 
specified or otherwise determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
otherwise, the number of Fund Interest Units specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Observation Date means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Fund Interest where the Fund Price is to be determined in accordance with sub-
paragraph (b)(i) of the definition thereof, each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or otherwise deemed to be an Observation Date in accordance with the Terms and

--- Page 497 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Asset Conditions: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
497 
Conditions (or if any such date is not a Fund Business Day and unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the immediately following Fund Business Day); and 
(b) 
in respect of any Fund Interest where the Fund Price is to be determined in accordance with any 
of sub-paragraphs (b)(ii) – (v) of the definition thereof, each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or otherwise deemed to be an Observation Date in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions (or if any such date is not a Currency Business Day and unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the immediately following Currency Business Day), 
unless in either case, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any 
such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions of Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.1(a) (Consequences 
of the occurrence of Disrupted Days) below shall apply. 
Payment Extension Day means a day that is a Payment Business Day. 
Reference Fund means, in respect of a Fund Interest, the issuer of, or other legal arrangement giving rise 
to, the relevant Fund Interest. 
Scheduled Observation Date means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if no 
currency is so specified in the Final Terms, the currency of the Fund Linked Securities. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Valid Order means a valid and timely subscription or, as the case may be, redemption order sent to the 
Reference Fund or the Fund Service Provider that generally accepts such orders, in accordance with the 
subscription or redemption notice period and the relevant cut-off time as set forth in the Fund Documents. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Fund Interest, the time on the relevant Observation Date specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such time is specified, the close of business in the 
Hypothetical Investor Jurisdiction on the relevant Observation Date. 
Weighting means, in relation to a Fund Interest comprised in a Basket of Fund Interests, the percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and representing the relative weighting of such Fund 
Interest in the Basket. 
3 
EVENTS RELATING TO FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
3.1 
Disrupted Days and Consequences 
(a) 
Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances, notify 
the relevant Issuer of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence 
or continuance of a Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date. Without limiting the 
obligation of the Calculation Agent to notify the parties as set forth in the preceding sentence, 
failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the parties of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall 
not affect the validity of the occurrence and the effect of such Disrupted Day. In addition, if any 
Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
in the case of Fund Linked Securities relating to a single Fund Interest, the Calculation 
Agent may: 
(A) 
postpone the Observation Date, in which case: 
(I) 
in respect of a Fund Interest where the Fund Price is to be determined 
in accordance with sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the definition thereof, the

--- Page 498 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Asset Conditions: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
498 
Observation Date will be the first immediately succeeding Fund 
Business Day that is not a Disrupted Day (the Fund Determination 
Date), unless each consecutive Fund Business Day up to and 
including the Disruption Longstop Date is a Disrupted Day, in which 
case (1) the Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the 
Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine its good 
faith estimate of the value for the Fund Interest as of the Valuation 
Time and the Disruption Longstop Date; and 
(II) 
in respect of a Fund Interest where the Fund Price is to be determined 
in accordance with sub-paragraphs (b)(ii) – (v) of the definition 
thereof, the Observation Date will be the first immediately succeeding 
Currency Business Day that is not a Disrupted Day (the Fund 
Determination Date), unless each consecutive Currency Business 
Day up to and including the Disruption Longstop Date is a Disrupted 
Day, in which case (1) the Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed 
to be the Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is 
a Disrupted Day and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine its 
good faith estimate of the value for the Fund Interest as of the 
Valuation Time and the Disruption Longstop Date; or 
(B) 
determine its good faith estimate of the net asset value for the relevant Fund 
Interest Unit for such day, taking into consideration any information that in 
good faith it deems relevant, 
with each such value so determined being used as the relevant Fund Price; 
(ii) 
in the case of Fund Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Fund Interests: 
(A) 
for each Fund Interest not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the 
Observation Date shall be the Scheduled Observation Date; and 
(B) 
for each Fund Interest affected (each an Affected Fund Interest) by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent may: 
(I) 
postpone the Observation Date, in which case: 
(1) 
in respect of a Fund Interest where the Fund Price is to be 
determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the 
definition thereof, the Observation Date will be the Fund 
Determination Date relating to such Affected Fund Interest, 
unless each consecutive Fund Business Day up to and 
including the Disruption Longstop Date is a Disrupted Day 
relating to such Affected Fund Interest, in which case (aa) 
the Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the 
Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day relating to the relevant Affected Fund Interest 
and (bb) the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant Affected Fund Interest 
as of the Valuation Time on the Disruption Longstop Date; 
in case of multiple Affected Fund Interests, the latest Fund 
Determination Date will be the Fund Determination Date for 
the purpose of Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.1(a)(i)(A)(I) 
above; and

--- Page 499 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Asset Conditions: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
499 
(2) 
in respect of a Fund Interest where the Fund Price is to be 
determined in accordance with sub-paragraphs (b)(ii) – (v) 
of the definition thereof, the Observation Date will be the 
Fund Determination Date relating to such Affected Fund 
Interest, unless each consecutive Currency Business Day up 
to and including the Disruption Longstop Date is a Disrupted 
Day relating to such Affected Fund Interest, in which case 
(aa) the Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the 
Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day relating to the relevant Affected Fund Interest 
and (bb) the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant Affected Fund Interest 
as of the Valuation Time on the Disruption Longstop Date; 
in case of multiple Affected Fund Interests, the latest Fund 
Determination Date will be the Fund Determination Date for 
the purpose of Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.1(a)(i)(A)(II) 
above; or 
(II) 
determine its good faith estimate of the net asset value for the relevant 
Fund Interest Unit of each Affected Fund Interest (or a method for 
determining such value) for such day, taking into consideration any 
information that in good faith it deems relevant, 
with each such value so determined being used as the Fund Price for the relevant 
Affected Fund Interest;  
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine the relevant Fund Price in 
accordance with Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.1(a)(i) or Fund Linked Asset Condition 
3.1(a)(ii) above, as the case may be, or if such determination would not, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, account for such Disrupted Day: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as 
it considers appropriate to account for such Disrupted Day and determine the 
date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective (in its sole and absolute 
discretion); or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments 
for the purposes of sub-paragraph (iii)(A) above, the relevant Issuer may, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only 
of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal 
to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount, where payments will be made 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 14 (Notices); and 
(iv) 
the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
on an Observation Date. Such notice shall give the details of such Disrupted Day and 
the action proposed to be taken by the Calculation Agent in relation thereto. 
(v) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
3.2 
Adjustment and Redemption Events 
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Events

--- Page 500 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Asset Conditions: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
500 
(i) 
Definitions 
Potential Adjustment Event means the occurrence of any of the following at any time 
on or after the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(A) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of Fund 
Interest Units or amount of Fund Interest or a free distribution or dividend of 
any such Fund Interest to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or 
similar issue; 
(B) 
a distribution, issue or dividend (whether ordinary or extraordinary) to existing 
holders of the relevant Fund Interest of (I) an additional amount of such Fund 
Interest, or (II) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment 
of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Basket Reference Fund 
or Reference Fund, as the case may be, equally or proportionately with such 
payments to holders of such Fund Interest or (III) share capital or other 
securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the 
Basket Reference Fund or Reference Fund, as the case may be, as a result of a 
spin-off or other similar transaction or (IV) any other type of securities, rights 
or certificates or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or 
in other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
an extraordinary dividend; 
(D) 
a repurchase by the Basket Reference Fund or Reference Fund of relevant Fund 
Interests whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or 
otherwise, other than in respect of a redemption of Fund Interests initiated by 
an investor in such Fund Interests that is consistent with the Fund Documents; 
(E) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Fund Interest Units 
or amount of Fund Interest. 
(ii) 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
Following the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent may (I) make such adjustments, to any relevant term(s) 
of the Securities, as the Calculation Agent may determine in its sole and 
absolute discretion to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of 
the relevant Issuer under the Securities, and (II) determine the effective date of 
any such adjustments; or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments 
for the purposes of sub-paragraph (A) above, the Issuer may, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the 
Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to 
the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount; payments will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation 
Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 14 (Notices), stating the adjustment to any relevant term(s) of the 
Securities and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event.

--- Page 501 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Asset Conditions: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
501 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
(b) 
Extraordinary Events 
(i) 
Definitions 
Breach or Termination of Agreement means, in relation to any Fund Agreement, any 
failure by the Reference Fund or a Fund Service Provider to (a) comply with or perform 
such Fund Agreement, (b) the termination of such Fund Agreement by the Reference 
Fund or a Fund Service Provider for reasons beyond the control of the relevant Issuer 
or its affiliates, (c) the failing or ceasing of such Fund Agreement to be in full force and 
effect or (d) the Reference Fund or the Fund Service Provider disaffirms, disclaims, 
repudiates or rejects in whole or in part or challenges the validity of such Fund 
Agreement. 
Closure of the Fund means liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the Reference 
Fund for any reason other than those constituting an Insolvency or a Fund Insolvency 
Event. 
Extraordinary Event means any of Nationalisation, Insolvency or any Extraordinary 
Fund Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent on or after the Trade Date. 
Extraordinary Fund Event means each of the following events that is specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms: Fund Insolvency Event, NAV Trigger 
Event, Fund Management Event, Fund Modification, Holding Limit Event, Strategy 
Breach, Regulatory Action, Reporting Disruption, Merger Event, Closure of the Fund, 
Fund Adviser Event, Liquidity Modification, Holding Ratio and Breach or Termination 
of Agreement. 
Fund Adviser Event means the applicable Issuer determines that, over a period of 
twelve months, the total value of the assets managed by the Fund Adviser (including 
the Reference Fund) has decreased by at least 50 per cent. (either due to redemptions or 
decrease in value of such assets). 
Fund Agreement means an agreement entered into by the Reference Fund or a Fund 
Service Provider with the relevant Issuer or any of its affiliates, defining (a) the terms 
and conditions at which the relevant Issuer or any of its affiliates may make 
subscriptions and/or redemptions in the Fund Interest Units (that are different from the 
subscriptions and redemptions terms then prevailing pursuant to the Fund Documents), 
including the rebates of management fees to be paid to the relevant Issuer or any of its 
affiliates, and (b) the undertaking, if any, made by the Reference Fund or a Fund Service 
Provider to the relevant Issuer or its affiliates on the basis of which the relevant Issuer 
or any such affiliate determines that it can implement Hypothetical Hedge Positions or 
Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions in compliance with the Volcker Rule. 
Fund Insolvency Event means, in respect of any Fund Interest, that the related 
Reference Fund or any other entity specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Fund 
Insolvency Entity (a) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-
up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger); (b) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its 
creditors; (c) (i) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any 
similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it 
in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or 
home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator,

--- Page 502 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Asset Conditions: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
502 
supervisor or similar official, or (ii) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented 
for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or 
presented by a person or entity not described in clause (i) above and either (A) results 
in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the 
making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, 
stayed or restrained in each case within fifteen days of the institution or presentation 
thereof; (d) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for 
all or substantially all its assets; (e) has a secured party take possession of all or 
substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other 
legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all of its assets 
and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within fifteen days thereafter; or (f) causes 
or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (a) through 
(e) above. 
Fund Management Event means (a) a change, resignation, termination or replacement 
of any Fund Service Provider, (b) a change of control or indirect control of any Fund 
Service Provider, (c) any of the Fund Service Provider being subject to a Fund 
Insolvency Event as defined above (as if references therein to "Reference Fund" are 
replaced by such Fund Service Provider, and references to "Fund Interest" and "Fund 
Insolvency Entity" are disregarded), (d) in the reasonable opinion of the relevant Issuer, 
any of the Fund Service Providers is no longer deemed able to carry out its business 
with the standard of care which was prevailing on the Trade Date or (e) the resignation, 
termination, replacement, or death of any Key Person. 
Fund Modification means any change or modification of the related Fund Documents 
from those prevailing on the Trade Date (other than a change or modification that 
constitutes a Liquidity Modification) that could reasonably be expected to affect the 
value of such Fund Interest or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof (including 
but not limited to an open-ended fund that becomes a closed-end fund), in each case, as 
determined by the relevant Issuer. 
Holding Limit Event means that the relevant Issuer, together with its affiliates, in 
aggregate hold an interest in any one restricted Fund Interest constituting or likely to 
constitute (directly or indirectly) ownership, control or the power to vote a percentage 
of any class of voting securities or units of such Fund Interest or of the Reference Fund 
of such Interest, in excess of a percentage permitted or advisable, as determined by the 
relevant Issuer, any of its affiliates or the Calculation Agent, for the purpose of its 
compliance with the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 as amended by Section 619 
of the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, including any 
requests, regulations, rules, guidelines or directives made by the relevant governmental 
authority under, or issued by the relevant governmental authority in connection with, 
such statutes. 
Holding Ratio means the reduction of the Reference Fund's aggregate net asset value 
under an amount that, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, has, or is 
likely to have, a significant effect on the management conditions of the Reference Fund 
or its operating expenses or would increase the proportion of Fund Interest Units held, 
or likely to be held, by a Hypothetical Investor or by any funds managed by the relevant 
Issuer or any of its affiliates, to such extent that the full redemption in one single Valid 
Order of the Fund Interest Units held by such Hypothetical Investor or such managed 
funds, is likely to be impaired.

--- Page 503 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Asset Conditions: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
503 
Insolvency means, in respect of any relevant Fund Interests, that by reason of the 
voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up 
of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Reference Fund, (a) all the Fund Interests of 
that Reference Fund are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar 
official or (b) holders of the Fund Interests of that Reference Fund become legally 
prohibited from transferring or redeeming them. 
Key Person means, in relation to a Reference Fund, each person specified as such for 
the Reference Fund in the applicable Final Terms and any person otherwise deemed to 
be key in the management of the Reference Fund, in the reasonable opinion of the 
relevant Issuer. 
Liquidity Modification means that the Reference Fund modifies the terms and 
conditions at which subscription and/or redemption orders can be submitted or are 
settled by the Reference Fund as provided in the Fund Documents as of the Trade Date 
or implements a modification of the conditions at which subscription and/or redemption 
orders can be submitted or are settled by the Reference Fund regardless as to whether 
the principle of such modification was already envisaged in the Fund Documents as of 
the Trade Date. 
Merger Event means the conversion of the Fund Interest into another class of fund 
interests, units or securities, or the split of the Reference Fund, its consolidation or its 
merger with, or its sale or its conveyance of all or substantially all its assets to, a third 
party. 
Nationalisation means that all the Fund Interests or all or substantially all the assets of 
a Reference Fund are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be 
transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
NAV Trigger Event means, in respect of any Fund Interest, that (a) the Reported Fund 
Interest Value has decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, the NAV Trigger 
Percentage(s) during the related NAV Trigger Period, each as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or (b) the related Reference Fund has violated any leverage restriction that 
is applicable to, or affecting, such Reference Fund or its assets by operation of any law, 
any order or judgment of any court or other agency of government applicable to it or 
any of its assets, the Fund Documents or any contractual restriction binding on or 
affecting the Reference Fund or any of its assets. 
Regulatory Action means, with respect to any Fund Interest, (a) cancellation, 
suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of such Fund Interest or the 
related Reference Fund by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority 
over such Fund Interest or Reference Fund, (b) any change in the legal, tax, accounting, 
or regulatory treatments of the relevant Reference Fund or its Fund Adviser that is 
reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of such Fund Interest or on 
any investor therein (as determined by the relevant Issuer), or (c) the related Reference 
Fund or any of its Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser becoming subject to any 
investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory 
authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law for any activities relating to 
or resulting from the operation of such Reference Fund, Fund Administrator or Fund 
Adviser. 
Reporting Disruption means, in respect of any Fund Interest, (a) the occurrence of any 
event affecting such Fund Interest that, in the determination of the relevant Issuer, 
would make it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the 
value of such Fund Interest, and such event continues for at least the time period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such time period is specified, the 
foreseeable future; or (b) any failure of the related Reference Fund to deliver, or cause

--- Page 504 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Asset Conditions: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
504 
to be delivered: (i) information that such Reference Fund has agreed to deliver, or cause 
to be delivered to the Determining Party or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, or (ii) 
information that has been previously delivered to the relevant Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, in accordance with such Reference Fund's, or its authorised 
representative's, normal practice and that the relevant Issuer deems necessary for it or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, to monitor such Reference Fund's compliance with 
any investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies 
relating to such Fund Interests. 
Strategy Breach means (a) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment 
guidelines stated in the related Fund Documents that is reasonably likely to affect the 
value of such Fund Interest or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof or (b) any 
material modification of the risk profile of the Reference Fund from its risk profile 
prevailing on the Trade Date by reason of, but not limited to, the modification of the 
proportions, or reduction of diversification, of the type of assets in which the Reference 
Fund invests or a reduction of the average liquidity of the assets of the Reference Fund, 
in each case, as determined by the relevant Issuer. 
(ii) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event 
(A) 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs on or after the Trade Date, the relevant Issuer 
in its sole and absolute discretion may take, if applicable, any of the actions 
described in (I), (II), (III) or (IV) below. 
(I) 
Require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute 
discretion the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to be made to any of 
the Conditions of the Securities to account for the relevant 
Extraordinary Event and determine the effective date thereof. The 
relevant adjustments may include, without limitation, adjustments to 
account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate 
or liquidity relevant to the Fund Interests or to the Securities. 
(II) 
By giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, 
each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount of a Security taking into 
account the relevant Extraordinary Event(s). 
(III) 
On or after the relevant date of the relevant Extraordinary Event, 
require the Calculation Agent to replace the Affected Fund Interest(s) 
with fund interests as determined by to have a similar strategy and 
liquidity and the Substitute Fund Interests will be deemed to be Fund 
Interests and the relevant fund for such fund interests, a Reference 
Fund or a Basket Reference Fund for the purposes of the Securities, 
and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment(s), if any, to the 
Conditions of the Securities as the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion determines appropriate. Such substitution will be 
deemed to be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent 
(the Substitution Date) in its sole and absolute discretion and 
specified in the notice referred to below. In the case of Fund Linked 
Securities relating to a Basket of Fund Interests, the Weighting of 
each Substitute Fund Interest (if any) will be equal to the Weighting 
of the relevant Affected Fund Interest. 
(IV) 
Postpone settlement in accordance with Fund Linked Asset Condition 
3.6 below.

--- Page 505 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Asset Conditions: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
505 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) 
stating the occurrence of the Extraordinary Event, giving details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto, including, in the case of a substitution of Fund 
Interests, the identity of the Substitute Fund Interests and the Substitution Date. As the 
case may be, payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
3.3 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Fund Hedging Disruption and/or 
(provided that the Securities are not Italian Listed Securities) Increased Cost of Hedging, in each 
case unless disapplied in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means, unless "Change in Law" is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that, on or after the Trade Date, (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the relevant Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (i) it has 
become illegal for such Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of Fund Interests or relevant hedge positions relating to 
Fund Interests or such Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates is unable to maintain the agreements entered into in respect of such hedge positions or 
(ii) such Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates will incur 
a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Securities (or any relevant 
hedge positions relating to Fund Interests) (including, without limitation, due to any increase in 
tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that: 
(a) 
in respect of Securities which are not Italian Listed Securities, the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable, or it is 
impractical for the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their 
respective Affiliates, in each case after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary or appropriate, in relation to a Fund 
Interest, to hedge any relevant price risk (including but not limited to the currency risk 
and equity price risk) of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable), and/or any 
of their respective Affiliates in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to 
the Securities, or (ii) realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds 
of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), including, without limitation, where such inability 
or impracticability has arisen by reason of (A) any restrictions or increase in charges or 
fees imposed by the relevant Reference Fund on any investor's ability to redeem such 
Fund Interest, in whole or in part, or any existing or new investor's ability to make new 
or additional investments in the relevant Reference Fund, or (B) any mandatory 
redemption, in whole or in part, of such Fund Interest imposed by the relevant 
Reference Fund (in any case, other than any such reason in existence on the Trade 
Date); or

--- Page 506 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Asset Conditions: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
506 
(b) 
in respect of Securities which are Italian Listed Securities, the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts and as a result of an event (including, without 
limitation, any force majeure, act of state, change in any applicable law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction 
of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority)) 
which is beyond the control of such Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or such 
Affiliate(s), as applicable, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary, in relation to a 
Fund Interest. to hedge any relevant price risk (including but not limited to the currency 
risk and equity price risk) of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or 
any of their respective Affiliates in issuing and performing its obligations with respect 
to the Italian Listed Securities, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate 
or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), including, without 
limitation, where such inability has arisen by reason of (A) any restrictions or increase 
in charges or fees imposed by the relevant Reference Fund on any investor's ability to 
redeem such Fund Interest, in whole or in part, or any existing or new investor's ability 
to make new or additional investments in the relevant Reference Fund, or (B) any 
mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of such Fund Interest imposed by the 
relevant Reference Fund (in any case, other than any such reason in existence on the 
Trade Date). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
and/or any of their respective Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary, in relation to a Fund Interest, to 
hedge the equity risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk of the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates, in issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred 
solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if 
applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of 
Hedging. 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
Where "Additional Disruption Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, and if an Additional Disruption Event occurs on or after the Trade Date, the relevant 
Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take, if applicable, any of the actions described in 
(i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) below: 
(i) 
Require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it 
considers appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to account for such Additional 
Disruption Event and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be 
effective. The relevant adjustments may include, without limitation, adjustments to 
account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity 
relevant to the Fund Interests or to the Securities. 
(ii) 
Upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed 
by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
(iii) 
On or after the relevant date of the relevant Additional Disruption Event, require the 
Calculation Agent to replace the Affected Fund Interest(s) with such fund interests as

--- Page 507 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Asset Conditions: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
507 
determined by it to have a similar strategy and liquidity (the Substitute Fund Interests) 
and the Substitute Fund Interests will be deemed to be Fund Interests and the relevant 
fund for such fund interests, a Reference Fund or a Basket Reference Fund for the 
purposes of the Securities, and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, 
to the Conditions of the Securities as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion determines appropriate. Such substitution will be deemed to be effective as 
of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the Substitution Date) in its sole and 
absolute discretion and specified in the notice referred to below. in the case of Fund 
Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Fund Interests, the Weighting of each 
Substitute Fund Interest (if any) will be equal to the Weighting of the relevant Affected 
Fund Interest. 
(iv) 
Postpone settlement in accordance with Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.6 below. 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) 
stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto, including, in the case of a substitution of Fund Interests, 
the identity of the Substitute Fund Interests and the Substitution Date. Payments will be made in 
such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices). 
3.4 
Other Events 
This Condition will apply to the Securities unless specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these Fund Linked Asset Conditions, if any other 
event occurs which the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on the 
Securities, then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate to account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which any such 
adjustments will be effective; or 
(b) 
the relevant Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.4, 
the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices) giving details of such determination. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
3.5 
Averaging 
(a) 
Averaging Date Disruption 
If any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then, where the consequence specified for "Averaging 
Date Disruption" in the applicable Final Terms is: 
(i) 
"Omission", then such Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging 
Date for purposes of determining the relevant Fund Price, and if through the operation 
of this provision no Averaging Date would occur with respect to the relevant 
Observation Date, Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.1(a) will apply for purposes of 
determining the relevant price or amount on the final Averaging Date in respect of that

--- Page 508 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Asset Conditions: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
508 
Observation Date as if such final Averaging Date were an Observation Date that was a 
Disrupted Day; 
(ii) 
"Postponement", then Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.1(a) will apply for purposes of 
determining the relevant price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging 
Date were an Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, 
pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a date that 
already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date for the relevant Fund Interest; or 
(iii) 
"Modified Postponement", then: 
(A) 
in the case of a Basket of Fund Interests, the Averaging Date for each Fund 
Interest not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as an Averaging Date in respect of the 
relevant Observation Date and the Averaging Date for any Fund Interest 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Valid Date in relation to such Fund Interest, and if the first succeeding Valid 
Date has not occurred prior to the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date, then 
(I) the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed the Averaging 
Date (irrespective of whether such day is already an Averaging Date), and (II) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or amount for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.1(a); and 
(B) 
otherwise, the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date, and if 
the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred prior to the Averaging 
Disruption Longstop Date, then (I) the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date 
shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such day is 
already an Averaging Date), and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with Fund 
Linked Asset Condition 3.1(a). 
For the purpose of the above: 
Valid Date shall mean, (a) in respect of Fund Interests where the Fund Price is to be determined 
in accordance with sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the definition thereof, a Fund Business Day, and (b) 
in respect of Fund Interests where the Fund Price is to be determined in accordance with sub-
paragraphs (b)(ii) – (v) of the definition thereof, a Currency Business Day, in each case that is 
not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Observation 
Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
Averaging Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, 
the last scheduled Fund Business Day in the sequence of consecutive scheduled Fund Business 
Days equal to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, 
but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final 
Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Scheduled Observation Date. 
3.6 
Settlement Postponement  
Following the occurrence of an event where the relevant Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
may elect to postpone settlement pursuant to Fund Linked Asset Conditions 3.2(b)(ii)(A)(IV) or 3.3(b)(iv) 
above, upon such election being made, the relevant Issuer shall no longer be liable for the payment of (a) 
any Interest Amount initially scheduled to be paid on a subsequent Interest Payment Date, (b) any 
Instalment Redemption Amount scheduled to be paid on a subsequent Instalment Date, (c) the Final 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date or (d) any Early Redemption Amount, and instead shall 
pay an amount per Security on the Adjusted Redemption Date equal to the Adjusted Redemption Amount.

--- Page 509 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Asset Conditions: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
509 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical Investor as 
Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Hypothetical Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be 
used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by such Hypothetical Investor under its 
Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Hypothetical Hedge Positions, as applicable, and, 
accordingly, the Adjusted Redemption Amount can be as low as zero. 
For the purposes of this Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.6: 
Adjusted Redemption Amount means an amount per Security, determined by the Calculation Agent, 
based on (a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on the 
Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the 
Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter alia by 
satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Intermediate Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions and/or Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets 
of the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, as the case 
may be) minus (b) the Associated Costs (converted, if necessary, into the Specified Currency using the 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or on the Full Liquidation 
Date) together with (c) interest that would have accrued on such amount during the period, if any, from, 
and including, (i) the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date, to, and 
excluding, (ii) the fourth Business Day preceding the Adjusted Redemption Date, where such reference 
to the word "fourth" may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
Adjusted Redemption Date means the date which is the earliest of (a) the 20th Business Day following 
the occurrence of the Full Liquidation Date and (b) the Postponed Scheduled Redemption Date. 
Associated Costs means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum (without 
duplication) of all costs (including, without limitation, cost of funding), losses, expenses, taxes and duties 
incurred by a Hypothetical Investor in connection with the termination, liquidation or re-establishment of 
the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, such amount to be apportioned pro rata according to the Specified 
Denomination of each outstanding Security. 
Clearing System means the clearing system through which the Securities are cleared and settled, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of the Redemption Date, the date on which the liquidation 
proceeds of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or 
liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation 
proceeds of the assets of such Hypothetical Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Hypothetical Investor. 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by a Hypothetical 
Investor, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in Fund Interest Units, options, futures, derivatives, 
interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, 
(c) cash deposits or cash borrowings or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities, 
howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the relevant Issuer's 
obligations under the Securities linked to or indexed to the relevant Fund Interest Unit due on the 
Redemption Date apportioned pro rata to each outstanding Security, where (i) if the Intermediate Full 
Liquidation Date has not occurred on or before the fourth Business Day preceding the Redemption Date, 
the Hypothetical Hedge Positions will include the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions, and (ii) 
such reference to the word "fourth" may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined 
by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
Intermediate Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of any Intermediate Payment Date, the date on 
which the liquidation proceeds of the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including inter alia by 
satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Intermediate Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Intermediate Hypothetical

--- Page 510 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Asset Conditions: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
510 
Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the 
Hypothetical Investor. 
Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by a 
Hypothetical Investor, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in Fund Interest Units, options, futures, 
derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing 
transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or 
liabilities, howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the 
Issuer's obligations under the Securities linked to or indexed to the relevant Fund Interest Unit due on an 
Intermediate Payment Date, apportioned pro rata to each outstanding Security. 
Intermediate Payment Date means, in respect of a Series of Securities, either an Interest Payment Date 
or an Instalment Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Postponed Scheduled Redemption Date means the date that falls on the second anniversary of the 
Redemption Date, or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day. 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate means, in respect of a date and an amount to be converted into the 
Specified Currency, the rate of exchange of the currency in which such amount is denominated into the 
Specified Currency used to convert such amount on such date into the Specified Currency as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
4 
DEFINITIONS, ADJUSTMENTS AND ADDITIONAL EVENTS FOR EURO FUNDS 
4.1 
Definitions 
Insurer means the insurer as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Euro Fund means the Insurer's euro-denominated guarantees backed by the general assets used to support 
the Insurer's life insurance and capitalization contracts. The documentation relating to these euro-
denominated guarantees may be obtained from the Insurer and on the Insurer's website.  
Provisional Minimum Rate means the provisional minimum rate of the Insurer's Euro Fund as published 
on the Issuer's website and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Gross Rate of Return means the gross rate of return on the Euro Fund for the Insurer's contract specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and as published on the Insurer's website. This yield is exclusive of 
management fees, tax and social security contributions. The Gross Rate of Return for the calendar year 
corresponds to Observation Date (i), provided however that if the Gross Rate of Return for Valuation 
Date (ii) is not published, then the Gross Rate of Return shall be deemed to be nil. 
Please note that for the purposes of this Find Linked Asset Condition, references to Reference Fund in 
Fund Linked Asset Conditions 1 to 3, shall be deemed to refer to Euro Fund.  
4.2 
Amendment of Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.2(a) 
Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.2(a) is deleted and replaced as follows: 
"(a) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
If, at any time on or after the Trade Date, an event occurs affecting a Euro Fund or the value of the relevant 
Fund Interest, including, but without limitation: 
(i) 
a decision by the Insurer to apply the Gross Rate of Return or Provisional Minimum Rate 
differently between the various life insurance or capitalisation contract products sold by the 
Insurer and backed by its general assets; 
(ii) 
any other event having an effect on the Gross Rate of Return, the Provisional Minimum Rate, 
the value or performance of the Euro Fund or the Insurer's general assets;

--- Page 511 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Asset Conditions: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
511 
(iii) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of Fund Interest Units or 
amount of Fund Interest, or a free distribution or dividend of such Fund Interest to existing 
holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(iv) 
a distribution, issue or dividend (whether ordinary or extraordinary) to existing holders of the 
relevant Fund Interest of (a) an additional quantity of such Fund Interest, or (b) other shares or 
securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the 
basket Euro Fund or Euro Fund, as the case may be, equally or proportionately with such 
payments to holders of such Fund Interest, or (c) share capital or other securities of another issuer 
acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the basket Euro Fund or Euro Fund, as the case 
may be, a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (d) of any other type of securities, 
rights, warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or other in consideration) at less 
than prevailing market price, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(v) 
an extraordinary dividend; 
(vi) 
a repurchase by the basket Euro Fund or Euro Fund of relevant Fund Interests, whether the 
consideration for such repurchase was is cash, securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a 
redemption of Fund Interests initiated by an investor in such Fund Interests that is consistent 
with the Fund Documents; or 
(vii) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect 
on the theoretical value of the relevant Fund Interest Units or amount of Fund Interest; 
The Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Securities (for example the Gross Rate of 
Return and/or the Provisional Minimum Rate), in order to preserve economic equivalence in terms of the 
Issuer's obligations under the Securities.  
4.3 
Amendment of Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.2(b) 
The Additional Extraordinary Events and adjustments below are added to the Extraordinary Events and 
adjustments in Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.2(a) as follows:  
"(c) 
Additional Extraordinary Events 
(i) 
Additional Extraordinary Events  
(A) 
a spin-off, merger, partial asset contribution, carve-out impacting on the Insurer and 
potentially, whether immediately or in the future, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, having an impact on the performance of the Gross Rate of Return; 
(B) 
the segregation, desegregation, or merger, affecting the Insurer's general assets on 
which the performance of the Gross Rate of Return is determined;  
(C) 
the Insurer (a) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, 
official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; 
(c) (i) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar 
official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home 
office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief 
under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, 
or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, 
supervisor or similar official, or (ii) the relevant Insurer has instituted against it a 
proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a 
petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition 
is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in clause (i) above and

--- Page 512 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Asset Conditions: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
512 
either (A) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for 
relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within fifteen days of the institution or 
presentation of such petition; (d) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an 
administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other 
similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (e) has a secured party take 
possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all of its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such 
process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within fifteen 
days thereafter; or (f) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under 
the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events 
specified in clauses (e) through (f) above;  
(D) 
in respect of the Euro Fund, (i) the cancellation, suspension or revocation of the 
Insurer's registration or approval by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with 
authority over the Euro Fund, (ii) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory 
regime of the relevant Euro Fund, which is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact 
on the Gross Rate of Return for any investor in the Euro Fund (as determined by the 
relevant Issuer), or (iii) the Euro Fund is the subject of an investigation, proceeding or 
litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority, involving an 
alleged violation of applicable law, for any activities relating to or resulting from the 
operation of such Euro Fund; 
(E) 
in respect of the Euro Fund, any failure by the related Insurer to deliver or cause to be 
delivered (A) any information that such Insurer has agreed to deliver or cause to be 
delivered to a Hypothetical Contracting Party, or (B) any information that has 
previously been delivered to a Hypothetical Contracting Party in accordance with such 
Insurer's or its authorised representative's customary practices, and which the 
Calculation Agent considers necessary to determine and verify the Gross Rate of 
Return; or 
(F) 
(i) any modification to the investment strategy of the Euro Fund in place on the Trade 
Date reasonably likely to affect the Gross Rate of Return or the rights or remedies of 
all insured parties of the Euro Fund, as determined in each case by the Calculation 
Agent, or (ii) any material modification, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, to the 
risk profile of the Euro Fund compared to its risk profile on the Trade date, due, in 
particular, to any modification in the proportions, or reduction of diversification, of the 
types of assets in which the Euro Fund invests. 
(ii) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Additional Extraordinary Event 
If an Additional Extraordinary Event occurs on or after the Trade Date, the relevant Issuer in its 
sole and absolute discretion may take, if applicable, any of the actions described in (A) or (B) 
below: 
(A) 
By giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), 
redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by 
payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount of a 
Security taking into account the relevant Additional Extraordinary Event(s); 
(B) 
Replace the Euro Fund whose general assets have been affected by Additional 
Extraordinary Events (the Affected Euro Fund) with another euro fund having similar 
characteristics to those of the Affected Euro Fund, and adjust any relevant terms of the 
Securities, in order to preserve economic equivalence in terms of the rights and 
obligations under the Securities.

--- Page 513 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Asset Conditions: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
513 
Hypothetical Contracting Party means the hypothetical subscriber of a life insurance contract or 
capitalisation contract (the Contracts) of the Insurer located in France (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
may be Crédit Agricole CIB or any of its affiliates), which is deemed to have the rights and obligations 
specified in the Contracts.

--- Page 514 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 9: Asset Conditions: Future Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
514 
Chapter 9: Asset Conditions: Future Linked Asset Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities that are Future Linked Securities. 
The following terms and conditions (the Future Linked Asset Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that Future Linked Interest Securities or Future Linked Redemption Securities is 
applicable. These Future Linked Asset Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Future Linked Asset Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and 
Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
References in these Future Linked Asset Conditions to a Future Linked Asset Condition are to a section or clause 
of these Future Linked Asset Conditions. 
1 
FUTURE LINKED SECURITIES 
Unless the Securities are redeemed early in accordance with these Future Linked Asset Conditions, if the 
determination of (A) the Interest Amount (in the case of Future Linked Interest Securities); or (B) (I) the 
Final Redemption Amount; (II) the Early Redemption Amount or (III) the Instalment Redemption 
Amount (in the case of Future Linked Redemption Securities), as the case may be, is postponed as a result 
of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
payment of any such amount (the Affected Amount) will be made on the scheduled date for 
payment of such amount or, if later, on the date falling two (2) Payment Extension Days (or such 
other number of Payment Extension Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) following 
the earlier to occur of (i) the Future Determination Date; and (ii) the Disruption Longstop Date; 
and 
(b) 
such Affected Amount shall be paid without any interest or other sum payable in respect of the 
postponement of the payment of the Affected Amount. 
2 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS RELATING TO FUTURE LINKED SECURITIES 
Active Future Contract means the Future specified as such in the applicable Final Terms if "Roll 
Adjustment" is stated as being Applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Averaging Date means any Observation Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
such dates are specified, in respect of a Future Linked Security where the Future Price is used to determine 
an Underlying Value and the applicable Relevant Observation provides that "Average Underlying Level" 
shall apply, each deemed Observation Date which is a Relevant Timing for the purposes of calculating 
the Relevant Observation. 
Basket or Basket of Futures means, a basket composed of Futures (each an Underlying) in the relative 
proportions or numbers of Futures specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Basket Future Linked Securities means Future Linked Securities, which are linked to more than one 
Future, as, specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Daily Fixing Time means, in respect of a Future, the official time on which the Daily Settlement Price 
of that Future is computed by the Exchange. For the avoidance of doubt, when the Daily Settlement Price 
is computed by the Exchange on a period of one or several minutes, the Daily Fixing Time will correspond 
to the end of this period. 
Daily Settlement Price means, in respect of a Future, the official daily settlement price, determined under 
the rules of the applicable Exchange at the Daily Fixing Time.

--- Page 515 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 9: Asset Conditions: Future Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
515 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Future (or, in the case of a Basket of Futures, in respect of any 
Future comprising the Basket and observed separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) the 
relevant Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (b) on which a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred. 
Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last Scheduled 
Trading Day in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Exchange means, in relation to a Future, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such 
Future in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Future has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Future on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
Exchange Business Day means either (a) in the case of a single Future, Exchange Business Day (Single 
Future Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Futures, (i) the Exchange Business Day (All Future Basis) 
or (ii) the Exchange Business Day (Per Future Basis) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If no 
Exchange Business Day is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day 
(All Future Basis) shall be deemed to apply for a Basket of Futures and Exchange Business Day (Single 
Future Basis) shall apply otherwise. 
Exchange Business Day (All Future Basis) means, in respect of a Future, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which the Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading sessions, notwithstanding such 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Future Basis) means, in respect of a Future, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which the relevant Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading sessions, notwithstanding 
such Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Single Future Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant 
Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding such relevant Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount has the meaning set out in the Definitions . 
Expiry Date means, in respect of a Future, the expiry date (or month if such information is sufficient to 
identify the Future) of such Future, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixing Active Future Contract(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the Daily Settlement 
Price of the Active Future Contract. 
Fixing Next Active Future Contract(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the Daily 
Settlement Price of the Next Active Future Contract. 
Future Determination Date has the meaning set out in Future Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b) 
(Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days). 
Future(s) means a future contract, which is a standardised contract traded on the relevant Exchange 
specified as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, subject to (a) adjustment pursuant to the provisions 
of Condition  3 of these Future Linked Asset Conditions and/or (ii) Roll Adjustment if "Roll Adjustment" 
is stated as being Applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Future Price means, in respect of a Future and a given Scheduled Trading Day, the Daily Settlement 
Price of such Future on the relevant Exchange during a trading session on that Scheduled Trading Day, 
as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Future Linked Asset Condition 3 (Events relating 
to Future Linked Securities) below or, if Roll Adjustment is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Daily Settlement Price multiplied by the Quantity Factor as determined by the Calculation

--- Page 516 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 9: Asset Conditions: Future Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
516 
Agent, unless in either case, the Calculation Agent determines that in accordance with market 
conventions, such method of determining the Future Price is not appropriate in which case the Future 
Price shall be determined in the manner elected by the Calculation Agent, having regard to such market 
conventions. 
Initial Quantity Factor, means 1, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maximum Days of Disruption means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such other number of 
Scheduled Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Next Active Future Contract means any subsequent nearby Future of the Active Future Contract 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, having a later Expiry Date than the Active Future 
Contract. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise deemed 
to be an Observation Date in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, or if any such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the immediately 
following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions of Future Linked Asset Condition 
3.1(b) (Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days) shall apply. 
Quantity Adjustment Factor means a multiplicative factor determined by the Calculation Agent on a 
Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the following: 
(a) 
Unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, Quantity Adjustment Factor will be 
equal to 1. 
(b) 
If Option Fixing Roll is set as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Quantity Adjustment Factor(i) = (Fixing Active Future Contract(i) x (1 - Rolling Cost)) / (Fixing 
Next Active Future Contract(i) x (1 + Rolling Cost)) 
(c) 
If Option TWAP Roll is set as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Quantity Adjustment Factor(i) = (AFC Time Weighted Average Price(i) x (1 - Rolling Cost)) / 
(NAFC Time Weighted Average Price(i) x (1 + Rolling Cost)) 
Quantity Factor means a multiplicative factor determined by the Calculation Agent on a Scheduled 
Trading Day in accordance with to the following mechanism: 
(a) 
In respect of the first Observation Date, Quantity Factor will be equal to the Initial Quantity 
Factor. 
(b) 
If such Scheduled Trading Day is a Rolling Date, the Quantity Factor as of the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Trading Day multiplied by the Quantity Adjustment Factor. 
(c) 
If such Scheduled Trading Day is not a Rolling Date, the Quantity Factor as of the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Trading Day 
Roll Adjustment means that, if "Roll Adjustment" is stated as being Applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, an adjustment according to which the Calculation Agent will roll the Active Future Contract into 
the Next Active Future Contract at the relevant Rolling Time on the relevant Rolling Date. 
Rolling Cost means 0%, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rolling Date(s) means the date(s) on which the Calculation Agent will roll the Active Future Contract 
into the Next Active Future Contract. Unless specified otherwise in the relevant Final Terms, the Expiry 
Date of any Active Future Contract will be a Rolling Date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation

--- Page 517 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 9: Asset Conditions: Future Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
517 
Agent may roll the Active Future Contract into the Next Active Future Contract on one or several dates 
which will be specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
Rolling Time means the time on (or the period during) which the Calculation Agent will roll the Active 
Future Contract into the Next Active Future Contract on a Rolling Date. Unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Daily Fixing Time of the Future will be the Rolling Time. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled 
weekday closing time of such Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or 
any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
Scheduled Observation Date means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
Scheduled Trading Day means either (a) in the case of a single Future, Scheduled Trading Day (Single 
Future Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Futures, (i) Scheduled Trading Day (All Future Basis) or 
(ii) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Future Basis) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If no Scheduled 
Trading Day is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All Future 
Basis) shall be deemed to apply for a Basket of Futures and Scheduled Trading Day (Single Future Basis) 
shall apply otherwise. 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Future Basis) means, in respect of all Futures, any day on which  the 
relevant Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Future Basis) means, in respect of a Future, any day on which the relevant 
Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Future Basis) means any day on which the relevant Exchange is 
scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
AFC Time Weighted Average Price(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the time weighted 
average price of the Active Future Contract, as calculated between the AFC Commencement Date (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the AFC End Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
NAFC Time Weighted Average Price(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the time 
weighted average price of the Next Active Future Contract, as calculated between the NAFC 
Commencement Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the NAFC End Date (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Weighting means, in relation to a Future comprised in a Basket of Futures, the percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms and representing the relative weighting of such Future in the Basket. 
3 
EVENTS RELATING TO FUTURE LINKED SECURITIES 
3.1 
Market Disruption Event, Disrupted Days and Consequences 
(a) 
Definitions 
Early Closure means, in relation to a Future, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the 
relevant Exchange prior to the Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Disruption means, in relation to a Future,  any event (other than an Early Closure) 
that disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, 
comply with its clearing obligations or obtain market values for such Future on the relevant 
Exchange.

--- Page 518 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 9: Asset Conditions: Future Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
518 
Failure to Publish means, in relation to a Future, the non-publication of the closing levels or 
market value of such Future, including pursuant to the redemption, cancellation or permanent 
discontinuance of such Future. 
Market Disruption Event means, in relation to a Future, the occurrence or existence of any of 
the following events: (i) a Failure to Publish, (ii) a Trading Disruption, (iii) an Exchange 
Disruption or (iv) an Early Closure. 
Trading Disruption means, in relation to a Future,  the suspension or limitation on trading 
imposed on the over-the-counter, organised or regulated market(s) on which such Future is 
traded. 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days 
If an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
In the case of Future Linked Securities relating to a single Future, the Calculation Agent 
may: 
(A) 
postpone the Observation Date, in which case the Observation Date will be the 
first immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted 
Day (the Future Determination Date), unless each consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day up to and including the Disruption Longstop Date is a Disrupted 
Day, in which case (I) the Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the 
Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day 
and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the 
value for the relevant Future as of the Daily Fixing Time on the Disruption 
Longstop Date; or 
(B) 
determine the value for the relevant Future (or a method for determining an 
such value) for such day, taking into consideration the latest available 
quotation for the relevant Future and any other information that in good faith 
it deems relevant, 
with each such value so determined being used as the relevant Future Price. 
(ii) 
In the case of Future Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Futures: 
(A) 
for each Future not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the 
Observation Date shall be the Scheduled Observation Date; and 
(B) 
for each Future affected (each an Affected Future) by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent may: 
(I) 
postpone the Observation Date, in which case the Observation Date 
will be the Future Determination Date relating to such Affected 
Future, unless each consecutive Scheduled Trading Day up to and 
including the Disruption Longstop Date is a Disrupted Day relating to 
such Affected Future, in which case (1) the Disruption Longstop Date 
shall be deemed to be the Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day relating to the relevant Affected 
Future and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant Affected Future as of the Daily 
Fixing Time on the Disruption Longstop Date; in case of multiple 
Affected Futures, the latest Future Determination Date will be the 
Future Determination Date for the purpose of Future Linked Asset 
Condition 1(a) above; or

--- Page 519 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 9: Asset Conditions: Future Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
519 
(II) 
determine the value for the relevant Affected Futures (or a method for 
determining such value) for such day, taking into consideration the 
latest available quotation for the relevant Future and any other 
information that in good faith it deems relevant, 
with each such value so determined being used as the value for the relevant Affected 
Future.  
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine the Future Price in 
accordance with Future Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b)(i) or Future Linked Asset 
Condition 3.1(b)(ii) above, as the case may be, or if such determination would not, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, account for such Market Disruption Event: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as 
it considers appropriate to account for any such Disrupted Day and determine 
the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective. In making any 
such adjustments, the Calculation Agent may take into account the equivalent 
adjustment(s) which would be made to an equity derivative transaction in the 
market following the relevant event occurring and where the Calculation Agent 
deems appropriate (in its sole and absolute discretion), adjust the Conditions 
to give effect to such adjustment(s); or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments 
for the purposes of sub-paragraph (iii)(A) above, the Issuer may, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the 
Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to 
the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices). 
(iv) 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
on an Observation Date. Such notice shall give the details of such Disrupted Day and 
the action proposed to be taken by the Calculation Agent in relation thereto. 
(v) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
(c) 
Averaging Date Disruption 
If any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then, where the consequence specified for "Averaging 
Date Disruption" in the applicable Final Terms is: 
(i) 
"Omission", then such Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging 
Date for purposes of determining the relevant Future Price, and if through the operation 
of this provision no Averaging Date would occur with respect to the relevant 
Observation Date, Future Linked Asset Condition  3.1(b) will apply for purposes of 
determining the relevant price or amount on the final Averaging Date in respect of that 
Observation Date as if such final Averaging Date were an Observation Date that was a 
Disrupted Day; 
(ii) 
"Postponement", then Future Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b) will apply for purposes of 
determining the relevant price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging 
Date were an Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, 
pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a date that 
already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date for the relevant Future; or

--- Page 520 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 9: Asset Conditions: Future Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
520 
(iii) 
"Modified Postponement", then: 
(A) 
in the case of a Basket of Futures, the Averaging Date for each Future not 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as an Averaging Date in respect of the relevant 
Observation Date and the Averaging Date for any Future affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Date in relation to such Future, and if the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Date has not occurred prior to the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date, then 
(I) the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed the Averaging 
Date (irrespective of whether such day is already an Averaging Date), and (II) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or amount for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with Future Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b); and 
(B) 
otherwise, the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Date, and if the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Date has not occurred prior 
to the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date, then (I) the Averaging Disruption 
Longstop Date shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether 
such day is already an Averaging Date), and (II) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance 
with Future Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b). 
3.2 
Adjustment and Redemption Events 
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
(i) 
Definitions 
Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Future, any event having, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical 
value of such Future and which is not anticipated in terms of such Future or the 
occurrence of which is not scheduled to occur, in each case as at the Trade Date. 
(ii) 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
Following the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event in relation to a Future, the 
Calculation Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine whether such 
Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical 
value of the Future or Basket of Futures. 
(A) 
If so, the Calculation Agent may (I) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, 
to be made to the elements relating to the Future used to determine any 
settlement or payment terms under the Securities and/or adjust any other terms 
of the Securities as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic 
equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Securities and 
(II) determine the effective date of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent 
may, but need not, determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the 
adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by the relevant 
Exchange. 
(B) 
If the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments 
for the purposes of sub-paragraphs (A) above, the Issuer may, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the 
Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to 
the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount; payments will be made in such

--- Page 521 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 9: Asset Conditions: Future Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
521 
manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event, the relevant Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the Potential Adjustment Event, giving 
details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
(b) 
Extraordinary Events 
(i) 
Definitions 
Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Future, the occurrence of (a) a Change of 
Future Exchange, (b) a Change of Future Contract, (c) a Modification of Futures 
Contract, (d) a Cancellation of Future Contract, (e) an Illiquidity Event, or (f) a Roll-
Over Failure Event. 
Cancellation of Future Contract means that the publisher of a Future announces that 
it will permanently cancel such Future. 
Change of Future Contract means that the Future is replaced by a successor futures 
contract that is not acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
Change of Futures Exchange means that the Future is no longer negotiated on the 
Exchange and/or under a market-standard format as of the Trade Date but after such 
date becomes negotiated instead on an exchange and/or under a format that is not 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
Illiquidity Event means that in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the liquidity 
of the Future has decreased significantly since the Trade Date, such decrease of liquidity 
being likely to have a material impact on the hedge of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
(if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates in connection with the Securities. 
Modification of Futures Contract means that the publisher of the documentation 
governing the Future announces that it will make a material change in the formula for 
or the method of calculating such Future or in any other way materially modifies that 
Future. 
Roll-Over Failure Event means that, where "Roll Adjustment" is stated as being 
Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to make a Roll Adjustment at the relevant Rolling 
Time on the relevant Rolling Date. 
(ii) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event 
(A) 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in relation to a Future on or after the Trade 
Date, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take, if applicable, any 
of the actions described in (I), (II) or (III) below: 
(I) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute 
discretion the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any of the 
Conditions of the Securities to account for the relevant Extraordinary 
Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment. The 
Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate 
adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of the relevant

--- Page 522 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 9: Asset Conditions: Future Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
522 
Extraordinary Event made by any options exchange to options on the 
Futures traded on that options exchange. 
(II) 
By giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, 
each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount of a Security taking into 
account the relevant Extraordinary Event(s). 
(III) 
In the case of Future Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Futures, 
on or after the date of the relevant Extraordinary Event, require the 
Calculation Agent to adjust the Basket of Futures by including futures 
selected by it in its sole and absolute discretion (the Substitute 
Futures) in place of the Affected Future(s), and the Substitute Futures 
will be deemed to be Futures for the purposes of the Securities, and 
the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to the 
Conditions of the Securities as the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion determines appropriate; such substitution and the 
relevant adjustment to the Basket of Futures will be deemed to be 
effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the 
Substitution Date) in its sole and absolute discretion and specified in 
the notice referred to below which may, but need not, be the date of 
the relevant Extraordinary Event. Without prejudice to the foregoing, 
the Weighting of each Substitute Future (if any) will, to the extent 
practicable, be set equal to the Weighting of the relevant Affected 
Future. 
(B) 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, the Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the relevant Extraordinary 
Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto, including, in the case of a substitution of Futures, the identity of the 
Substitute Futures and the Substitution Date. As the case may be, payments 
will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
(c) 
Correction of Future Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is four Exchange Business 
Days prior to the due date for any payment under the Securities that is calculated by reference to 
the price of a Future, if the price of the relevant Future published on a given day and used or to 
be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Securities is subsequently 
corrected and the correction published by the relevant Exchange, the price to be used shall be 
the price of the relevant Future as so corrected. Corrections published after the day which is four 
Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Securities that is calculated 
by reference to the price of a Future will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes 
of determining the relevant amount to be paid.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, General Condition 12.3(f) will apply.

--- Page 523 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 9: Asset Conditions: Future Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
523 
3.3 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or 
(provided that the Securities are not Italian Listed Securities) Increased Cost of Hedging, in each 
case unless disapplied in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means, unless Change in Law is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that, on or after the Trade Date, (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the relevant Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (i) it has 
become illegal for the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of a Future or relevant hedge positions relating to a Future 
or the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable to 
maintain the agreements entered into in respect of such hedge positions or (ii) the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates will incur a materially increased 
cost in performing its obligations under the Securities (or any relevant hedge positions relating 
to a Future) (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that: 
(a) 
in respect of Securities which are not Italian Listed Securities, the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge any relevant price risk (including but not limited to the currency risk and equity 
price risk) of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable), and/or any of their 
respective Affiliates in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Securities, or (ii) realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s); or 
(b) 
in respect of Securities which are Italian Listed Securities, the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts and as a result of an event which is beyond the control 
of such Issuer, Guarantor (if applicable) and/or Affiliate(s) (including, without 
limitation, any force majeure, act of state, change in any applicable law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction 
of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk (including 
but not limited to the currency risk and equity price risk) of the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates, (if applicable), 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Italian Listed Securities, or 
(ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
and/or any of their respective Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or

--- Page 524 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 9: Asset Conditions: Future Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
524 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity risk, foreign 
exchange risk and interest rate risk of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or 
any of their respective Affiliates, in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration 
of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any of their 
respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
Where "Additional Disruption Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable and if an Additional Disruption Event occurs on or after the Trade Date, the relevant 
Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it 
considers appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to account for such Additional 
Disruption Event and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be 
effective; or 
(ii) 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed 
by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) 
stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
3.4 
Other Events 
This Condition will apply to the Securities unless specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these Future Linked Asset Conditions, if any other 
event occurs which the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on the 
Securities, then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate to account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which any such 
adjustments will be effective; or 
(b) 
the relevant Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this Future Linked Asset Condition 3.4, 
the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices) giving details of such determination. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply.

--- Page 525 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Asset Conditions: Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
525 
Chapter 10: Asset Conditions: Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional Terms and Conditions for Securities that are Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Securities. 
The following terms and conditions (the Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Multi-Asset Basket Linked Interest Securities or Multi-Asset Basket 
Linked Redemption Securities is applicable. These Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
Unless otherwise specified, references in these Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions to a Multi-Asset Basket 
Linked Asset Condition are to a section or clause of these Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions.  
1 
MULTI-ASSET BASKET LINKED SECURITIES 
Unless the Securities are redeemed early in accordance with these Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset 
Conditions, if the determination of (A) the Interest Amount (in the case of Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Interest Securities), or (B) (I) the Final Redemption Amount, (II) the Early Redemption Amount, or (III) 
the Instalment Redemption Amount (in the case of Multi-Asset Basket Linked Redemption Securities), 
as the case may be, is postponed as a result of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
payment of any such amount (the Affected Amount) will be made on the scheduled date for 
payment of such amount or, if later, on the date falling two (2) Payment Extension Days (or such 
other number of Payment Extension Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) following 
the earlier to occur of (i) the Multi-Asset Basket Determination Date; and (ii) the Disruption 
Longstop Date; and 
(b) 
such Affected Amount shall be paid without any interest or other sum payable in respect of the 
postponement of the payment of the Affected Amount. 
2 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS RELATING TO MULTI-ASSET BASKET LINKED SECURITIES 
Commodity Business Day has the meaning set out in Commodity Linked Asset Condition 2 (General 
Definitions Relating to Commodity Linked Securities). 
Disrupted Day means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Commodity, a Disrupted Day (as such 
term is defined in Commodity Linked Asset Condition 2 (General Definitions Relating to 
Commodity Linked Securities)) occurs; 
(b) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an Index, a Disrupted Day (as such term 
is defined in Index Linked Asset Condition 2 (General Definitions Relating to Index Linked 
Securities)); 
(c) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an FX Rate, a day on which a Market 
Disruption Event (as such term is defined in FX Linked Asset Condition 3.1 (Market Disruption 
Events)) occurs; 
(d) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an ETF, a Disrupted Day (as such term 
is defined in ETF Linked Asset Condition 2 (General Definitions Relating to ETF Linked 
Securities));

--- Page 526 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Asset Conditions: Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
526 
(e) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Share, a Disrupted Day (as such term 
is defined in Share Linked Asset Condition 2 (General Definitions Relating to Share Linked 
Securities));  
(f) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Fund Interest, a Disrupted Day (as such 
term is defined in Fund Linked Asset Condition 2 (General Definitions Relating to Fund Linked 
Securities)); and 
(g) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Future, a Disrupted Day (as such term 
is defined in Future Linked Asset Condition 2 (General Definitions Relating to Future Linked 
Securities)). 
Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last: 
(a) 
Commodity Business Day in the sequence of consecutive Commodity Business Days (in the case 
of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Commodity); 
(b) 
Scheduled Trading Day in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days (in the case of 
a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an Index); or 
(c) 
FX Business Day in the sequence of consecutive FX Business Days (in the case of a Multi-Asset 
Basket Component which is an FX Rate); 
(d) 
Scheduled Trading Day in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days (in the case of 
a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an ETF); 
(e) 
Scheduled Trading Day in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days (in the case of 
a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Share);  
(f) 
Fund Business Day in the sequence of consecutive Fund Business Days (in the case of a Multi-
Asset Basket Component which is a Fund Interest); or  
(g) 
Scheduled Trading Day in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days (in the case of 
a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Future), 
equal to the Maximum Days of Disruption in respect of such Multi-Asset Basket Component immediately 
following the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount has the meaning set out in the Definitions . 
Fund Business Day has the meaning set out in Fund Linked Asset Condition 2 (General Definitions 
Relating to Fund Linked Securities). 
FX Business Day has the meaning set out in FX Linked Asset Condition 2 (General Definitions Relating 
to FX Linked Securities). 
Market Disruption Event has the meaning set out in:  
(a) 
Commodity Linked Asset Condition 3.1 (Market Disruption Events), in respect of a Multi-Asset 
Basket Component which is a Commodity; 
(b) 
Index Linked Asset Condition 3.1(a) (Definitions), in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket 
Component which is an Index; 
(c) 
FX Linked Asset Condition 3.1 (Market Disruption Events), in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket 
Component which is an FX Rate; 
(d) 
ETF Linked Asset Condition 3.1(a) (Definitions), in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component 
which is an ETF; and

--- Page 527 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Asset Conditions: Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
527 
(e) 
Share Linked Asset Condition 3.1(a) (Definitions), in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket 
Component, which is a Share. 
(f) 
Future Linked Asset Condition 3.1(a) (Definitions), in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket 
Component, which is a Future. 
Maximum Days of Disruption means the number of days specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
where no such number is specified, eight (8): 
(a) 
Commodity Business Days (in the case of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a 
Commodity); 
(b) 
Scheduled Trading Days (in the case of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an Index); 
(c) 
FX Business Days (in the case of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an FX Rate); 
(d) 
Scheduled Trading Days (in the case of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an ETF); 
(e) 
Scheduled Trading Days (in the case of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Share);  
(f) 
Fund Business Days (in the case of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Fund Interest); 
or  
(g) 
Scheduled Trading Days (in the case of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Future), 
as the case may be. 
Multi-Asset Basket means a basket comprising two or more Multi-Asset Basket Component Types. 
Multi-Asset Basket Component means, in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket, each Commodity, Index, 
Inflation Index, FX Rate, Benchmark Rate, ETF, Share, Fund Interest or Future, which is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, comprising such Multi-Asset Basket. 
Multi-Asset Basket Component Type means a Commodity, Index, Inflation Index, FX Rate, Benchmark 
Rate, ETF, Share, Fund Interest or Future. 
Multi-Asset Basket Determination Date has the meaning set out in Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset 
Condition 3.2 (Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days). 
Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day means either (a) Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled Trading 
Day (All Assets Basis) or (b) Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day (Per Asset Basis), as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. If neither Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day (All Assets Basis) 
nor Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day (Per Asset Basis) is specified as applying in the applicable 
Final Terms, Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day (All Assets Basis) shall be deemed to apply. 
Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day (All Assets Basis) means a day which is a Multi-Asset 
Basket Scheduled Trading Day (Per Asset Basis) in respect of all Multi-Asset Basket Component Types. 
Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day (Per Asset Basis) means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Commodity, a Commodity Business 
Day; 
(b) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an Index, a Scheduled Trading Day; 
(c) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an FX Rate, an FX Business Day; 
(d) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an ETF, a Scheduled Trading Day;

--- Page 528 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Asset Conditions: Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
528 
(e) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Share, a Scheduled Trading Day;  
(f) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Fund Interest, a Fund Business Day; 
or 
(g) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Future, a Scheduled Trading Day. 
Non-Disrupted Day means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Commodity, a Commodity Business 
Day which is not a Disrupted Day; 
(b) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an Index, an Index Scheduled Trading 
Day which is not a Disrupted Day; 
(c) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an FX Rate, an FX Business Day which 
is not a Disrupted Day; 
(d) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an ETF, an ETF Scheduled Trading Day 
which is not a Disrupted Day; 
(e) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Share, a Scheduled Trading Day which 
is not a Disrupted Day; or 
(f) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Fund Interest, a Fund Business Day 
which is not a Disrupted Day. 
(g) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Future, a Scheduled Trading Day which 
is not a Disrupted Day. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise deemed 
to be an Observation Date in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, or if any such date is not a Multi-
Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
immediately following Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day in respect of one 
or more Multi-Asset Basket Components, then the provisions of Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset 
Condition 3.2 (Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days) below shall apply. 
Payment Extension Day means such days as are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Scheduled Observation Date means any original date that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, 
would have been an Observation Date. 
Scheduled Trading Day has the meaning set out in the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Trade Date has the meaning set out in the Definitions . 
3 
EVENTS RELATING TO MULTI-ASSET BASKET LINKED SECURITIES 
3.1 
Multi-Asset Basket Component Specific Provisions 
In respect of each Multi-Asset Basket Component which is: 
(a) 
a Commodity, the provisions of Commodity Linked Asset Condition 3.2 (Consequences of the 
occurrence of Disrupted Days) and Commodity Linked Asset Condition 3.3 (Correction to 
Published Prices) shall apply to such Multi-Asset Basket Component;

--- Page 529 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Asset Conditions: Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
529 
(b) 
an Index, the provisions of Index Linked Asset Condition 3.1(c) (Index Adjustments) and Index 
Linked Asset Condition 3.3 (Correction of the level of the Index) shall apply to such Multi-Asset 
Basket Component; 
(c) 
an FX Rate, the provisions of FX Linked Asset Condition 3.2 (Consequences of Market 
Disruption Events), FX Linked Asset Condition 6 (Currency-specific Events Relating to FX 
Linked Securities), FX Linked Asset Condition 7 (Corrections to Published and Displayed 
Rates) and FX Linked Asset Condition 8 (Successor Currency) shall apply to such Multi-Asset 
Basket Component; 
(d) 
a Benchmark Rate, the provisions of Rate Linked Asset Condition 1 (Rate Linked Securities) 
shall apply to such Multi-Asset Basket Component; 
(e) 
an Inflation Index, the provisions of Inflation Linked Asset Conditions 2.1 (Delay of Publication) 
to 2.5 (Manifest Error in Publication) inclusive shall apply to such Multi-Asset Basket 
Component; 
(f) 
an ETF, the provisions of ETF Linked Asset Condition 3.1(c) (Potential Adjustment Events) to 
3.4 (Correction of the ETF Closing Price) inclusive shall apply to such Multi-Asset Basket 
Component; 
(g) 
a Share, the provisions of Share Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b) (Adjustment and Redemption 
Events) shall apply to such Multi-Asset Basket Component;  
(h) 
a Fund Interest, the provisions of Fund Linked Asset Condition 3 (Events Relating to Fund 
Linked Securities) shall apply to such Multi-Asset Basket Component; and 
(i) 
a Future, the provisions of Future Linked Asset Condition 3 (Events Relating to Future Linked 
Securities) shall apply to such Multi-Asset Basket Component.] 
3.2 
Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days 
If an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of one or more Multi-Asset Basket Components, 
then: 
(a) 
for each Multi-Asset Basket Component not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the 
Observation Date shall be the Scheduled Observation Date; and 
(b) 
for each Multi-Asset Basket Component affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (each an 
Affected Component): 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may postpone the Observation Date, in which case the 
Observation Date shall be the first succeeding Non-Disrupted Day relating to such 
Affected Component (the Multi-Asset Basket Determination Date), unless each 
consecutive Non-Disrupted Day up to and including the Disruption Longstop Date is a 
Disrupted Day relating to such Affected Component, in which case (A) the Disruption 
Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the Observation Date and the Multi-Asset Basket 
Determination Date for such Affected Component, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day relating to the relevant Affected Component and (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, in good faith, the value, level or price of the relevant 
Affected Component for such day in case of multiple Affected Components, the latest 
Multi-Asset Basket Determination Date will be the Multi-Asset Basket Determination 
Date for the purpose of Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Condition 1(a) above; or 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent may determine the value, level or price (or a method for 
determining at the value, level or price) of the relevant Affected Component for such 
day, taking into consideration the latest available quotation and any other information 
that in good faith it deems relevant;

--- Page 530 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Asset Conditions: Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
530 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine the value, level or price of 
the relevant Affected Component for such day in accordance with Multi-Asset Basket 
Linked Asset Conditions 3.2(b)(i) or 3.2(b)(ii) above, as the case may be, or if such 
determination would not, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, account for such 
Market Disruption Event: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as 
it considers appropriate to account for any such Market Disruption Event and 
determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective. In 
making any such adjustments, the Calculation Agent may take into account the 
equivalent adjustment(s) which would be made to a derivative transaction in 
the interbank market referencing the Multi-Asset Basket Components 
following the relevant event occurring and where the Calculation Agent deems 
appropriate (in its sole and absolute discretion), adjust the Conditions to give 
effect to such adjustment(s); or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments 
for the purposes of sub-paragraph (A) above, the Issuer may, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the 
Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to 
the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices); and 
(c) 
the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event 
on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been, an Observation 
Date; such notice shall give the details of such Market Disruption Event and the action proposed 
to be taken by the Calculation Agent in relation thereto. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
3.3 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Dividend 
Disruption and/or (provided that the Securities are not Italian Listed Securities) Increased Cost 
of Hedging, in each case unless disapplied in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means, unless Change in Law is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that, on or after the Trade Date, (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the relevant Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (i) it has 
become illegal for the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant hedge positions relating to a Multi-Asset Basket 
Component or the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates 
is unable to maintain the agreements entered into in respect of such hedge positions or (ii) the 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates will incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Securities (or any relevant hedge 
positions relating to an Multi-Asset Basket Component) (including, without limitation, due to 
any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position).

--- Page 531 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Asset Conditions: Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
531 
Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that: 
(a) 
In respect of Securities which are not Italian Listed Securities, the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge any relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (if applicable), in issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Securities, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, 
repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
(b) 
In respect of Securities which are Italian Listed Securities, Hedging Disruption means, 
unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts and as a result of an 
event which is beyond the control of such Issuer, Guarantor (if applicable) and/or 
Affiliate(s) (including, without limitation, any force majeure, act of state, change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken 
by a taxing authority), to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant 
price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor, (if applicable), issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Italian Listed Securities, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or 
transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
and/or any of their respective Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk 
including but not limited to the currency risk of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (if 
applicable), in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such 
materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any of their 
respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Dividend Disruption means, unless Dividend Disruption is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, any of the following events in respect of a gross cash dividend declared 
by the Share Company or Basket Company to holders of record for a Share or by the issuer of a 
Component Security in a relevant Index to holders of record for such Component Security, as 
applicable, (a Declared Dividend): 
(i) 
the gross amount deemed to be paid by such Share Company or Basket Company to the 
holders of record of the Share or by such issuer of the Component Security to the holders 
of record of the Component Security (notwithstanding that such payment is made to 
either any relevant taxing authority or holders of record) is not equal to the Declared 
Dividend (a Dividend Mismatch); 
(ii) 
the Share Company or Basket Company or the issuer of the Component Security to the 
holders of record of the Component Security fails to make any payment or delivery in 
respect of that Declared Dividend by the third Scheduled Trading Day following the 
relevant due date (a Dividend Nonpayment); or

--- Page 532 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Asset Conditions: Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
532 
(iii) 
the Share Company or Basket Company notifies all holders of record of a Share or the 
issuer of the Component Security notifies all holders of record of the relevant 
Component Security that that the Declared Dividend will no longer be paid (a Dividend 
Cancellation). 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the relevant Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion 
may: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it 
considers appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to account for such Additional 
Disruption Event and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be 
effective; or 
(ii) 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed 
by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) 
stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
3.4 
Other Events 
This Condition will apply to the Securities unless specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions, 
if any other event occurs which the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material 
effect on the Securities, then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate to account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which any such 
adjustments will be effective; or 
(b) 
the relevant Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset 
Condition 3.4, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices) giving details of such determination.

--- Page 533 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
533 
ANNEX 2 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
This annex sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities that are Credit Linked Securities. It is only 
applicable to Securities that are specified to be Credit Linked Securities in the applicable Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to Credit Linked Securities shall comprise the General Conditions and the 
Additional Conditions, in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Additional Conditions, the Additional Conditions shall 
prevail. 
The following terms and conditions (the Credit Linked Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the applicable 
Final Terms indicate that the Credit Linked Conditions are applicable. These Credit Linked Conditions are subject 
to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
These Credit Linked Conditions shall not apply to any Italian Securities. 
1 
GENERAL 
1.1 
Credit Terms 
The Final Terms shall specify: 
(a) 
the type of Credit Linked Securities, being Single Reference Entity CLSs, Nth-to-Default CLSs, 
or Linear Basket CLSs; 
(b) 
whether the Credit Linked Securities are Fixed Recovery CLSs, Leveraged CLSs, Fully Principal 
Protected CLSs, Partially Principal Protected CLSs or Reference Obligations Only CLSs; 
(c) 
the Settlement Method and, where Auction Settlement applies, the applicable Fallback 
Settlement Method; 
(d) 
the Reference Entity or Reference Entities; 
(e) 
the Reference Obligation(s) (if any) in respect of each Reference Entity; 
(f) 
the Trade Date and the Scheduled Redemption Date; and 
(g) 
the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount in respect of each Reference Entity. 
1.2 
Additional Provisions 
If any Additional Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, these Credit Linked 
Conditions shall take effect subject to the provisions thereof. 
1.3 
In the case of a single Credit Linked Security or in the case of a basket of Credit Linked Securities where 
a single Reference Entity or Reference Obligation represents 20% or more of the pool, the Reference 
Entity (or the issuer of the Reference Obligation) must have securities already admitted to trading on a 
regulated market, equivalent third country market or SME growth market. 
2 
REDEMPTION 
2.1 
Redemption absent satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement 
The relevant Issuer will redeem each Credit Linked Security on the related Redemption Date (as such 
date may be extended in accordance with the definition thereof) by payment of an amount equal to the 
Final Redemption Amount (together with interest, if any, payable thereon) unless: 
(a) 
the Credit Linked Securities have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in full 
(including pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 2.7 (Early redemption for Leveraged CLSs), 2.8

--- Page 534 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
534 
(Redemption following a Merger Event) or 2.10 (Redemption following an Additional Disruption 
Event); or 
(b) 
the Conditions to Settlement have been satisfied, in which event the relevant Issuer shall redeem 
the Credit Linked Securities in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2.2 (Redemption 
following satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement). 
2.2 
Redemption following satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement 
Subject to Credit Linked Conditions 2.3 (Nth-to-Default CLSs), 2.4 (Linear Basket CLSs), 2.5 (Principal 
Protected CLSs) and 2.9 (Suspension of Obligations), upon satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement 
in relation to any Reference Entity, each Credit Linked Security will be subject to redemption as follows. 
(a) 
If the applicable Settlement Method is "Auction Settlement", each Credit Linked Security will 
be subject to redemption by payment of, subject to a minimum of zero, (i) the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount paid 
up) of the Credit Linked Securities (in the case of Credit Linked Securities represented by a 
Global Security) or the product of the Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount Factor 
(in the case of Credit Linked Securities in definitive form), as the case may be, minus (ii) such 
Credit Linked Security's pro rata share of the Auction Settlement Amount minus (iii) such Credit 
Linked Security's pro rata share of the Hedge Amount (if applicable) on the Auction Settlement 
Date, unless a Fallback Settlement Event occurs, in which event the relevant Issuer shall perform 
its respective payment and/or delivery obligations in accordance with the applicable Fallback 
Settlement Method. If the Conditions to Settlement with respect to a new Credit Event are 
satisfied following the occurrence of a Fallback Settlement Event with respect to an earlier Credit 
Event and no Fallback Settlement Event occurs with respect to such new Credit Event, the 
relevant Issuer shall, if it so elects on or prior to a related Valuation Date or Delivery Date, 
redeem the Credit Linked Securities in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 2.2(a) by 
Auction Settlement. 
(b) 
If the applicable Settlement Method is "Physical Settlement", each Credit Linked Security will 
be subject to redemption in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4 (Physical Settlement). 
(c) 
If the applicable Settlement Method is "Cash Settlement", subject to Credit Linked Condition 2.6 
(Fixed Recovery CLSs), each Credit Linked Security will be subject to redemption by payment 
of its pro rata share of, subject to a minimum of zero, (i) the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount paid up) of the Credit Linked 
Securities (in the case of Credit Linked Securities represented by a Global Security) or the 
product of the Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount Factor (in the case of Credit 
Linked Securities in definitive form), as the case may be, minus (ii) such Credit Linked Security's 
pro rata share of the Cash Settlement Amount minus (iii) such Credit Linked Security's pro rata 
share of the Hedge Amount (if applicable) on the Cash Settlement Date. 
2.3 
Nth-to-Default CLSs 
Where the Securities are Nth-to-Default CLSs, the Conditions to Settlement shall not be satisfied with 
respect to the Securities until the Conditions to Settlement are satisfied with respect to the Nth Reference 
Entity. Where the Securities are Nth-to-Default CLSs and the Conditions to Settlement are satisfied with 
respect to more than one Reference Entity on the same day, the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
sole discretion the order in which such Conditions to Settlement were satisfied. 
2.4 
Linear Basket CLSs 
(a) 
If the Credit Linked Securities are Linear Basket CLSs, then the provisions of these Credit 
Linked Conditions relating to redemption of Credit Linked Securities following satisfaction of 
Conditions to Settlement, extension of maturity of Credit Linked Securities on delivery of an 
Extension Notice, cessation or suspension of accrual of interest or accrual and payment of 
interest following the Scheduled Redemption Date shall apply to each Credit Linked Security

--- Page 535 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
535 
with respect to each Reference Entity separately and to the pro rata share of the relevant Floating 
Rate Payer Calculation Amount for each Reference Entity separately. The remaining provisions 
of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding Credit Linked Condition 2.4(a), where the Credit Linked Securities are Linear 
Basket CLSs that are also Leveraged CLSs, upon the occurrence of the satisfaction of the 
Conditions to Settlement with respect to any Reference Entity, the nominal amount of each 
Credit Linked Security will be reduced by an amount (the Affected Amount) equal to the 
Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount or the Exercise Amount, as applicable, of such 
Reference Entity with effect from the Interest Payment Date falling immediately before the Event 
Determination Date. An amount (such amount, the Recovery) equal to the product of (i) the 
Auction Final Price or Final Price, as applicable, and (ii) the Floating Rate Payer Calculation 
Amount will be reserved and the Hedge Amount will be determined in respect of the Affected 
Amount. The aggregate of all Recoveries minus all Hedge Amounts, which aggregate may be a 
negative amount, will be added to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount (or, if they are 
Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount paid up) for the purposes of determining the Final 
Redemption Amount. 
(c) 
If there is only a partial redemption of a Credit Linked Security in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 2.4(a) or (b) above, the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions will continue to 
apply in respect of any remaining Reference Entities and the remaining provisions of these Credit 
Linked Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
2.5 
Principal Protected CLSs 
(a) 
If "Fully Principal Protected CLS" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then upon the 
satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement in respect of a Reference Entity referenced by the 
Credit Linked Securities, Credit Linked Condition 2.2 (Redemption following satisfaction of 
Conditions to Settlement) will not apply and instead Credit Linked Condition 2.1(a) (Redemption 
absent satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement) will apply as though no Conditions to Settlement 
had been satisfied in respect of any Reference Entity referenced by the Credit Linked Securities. 
(b) 
If "Partially Principal Protected CLS" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then upon the 
satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement in respect of a Reference Entity referenced by the 
Credit Linked Securities, each Credit Linked Security will be redeemed in full in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 2.2 (Redemption following satisfaction of Conditions to 
Settlement). In the case of Partially Principal Protected CLSs, the Floating Rate Payer 
Calculation Amount will be different from the aggregate outstanding nominal amount (or, if they 
are Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount paid up) of the Credit Linked Securities. 
2.6 
Fixed Recovery CLSs 
Where "Cash Settlement" is the applicable Settlement Method, the Credit Linked Securities may be 
specified to be "Fixed Recovery CLS". The Cash Settlement Amount of a Fixed Recovery CLS shall be 
determined using the Final Price, as further set out in the definitions of Cash Settlement Amount and Final 
Price in these Credit Linked Conditions. 
2.7 
Early redemption for Leveraged CLSs 
If "Leveraged CLS" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable in respect of the 
Securities, such Credit Linked Securities may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part, at any time, on giving not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case 
may be, and, in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), the Securityholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), if on any day: 
(a) 
"Fair Market Value Trigger" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Fair 
Market Value Redemption Amount expressed as a percentage of the aggregate nominal amount

--- Page 536 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
536 
of a Credit Linked Security of the relevant Series would be, assuming that such Series of Credit 
Linked Securities would be redeemed in full on such day at the applicable Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount, less than or equal to the "Fair Market Value Trigger" specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
"Reference Entity Spread Trigger" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Reference Entity Spread (in the case of a Single Reference Entity CLS) or the weighted 
average Reference Entity Spread in respect of all the relevant Reference Entities (in the case of 
an Nth-to-Default CLS or a Linear Basket CLS) exceeds the Reference Entity Spread Trigger 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and/or 
(c) 
"Reference Entity Trigger" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of References Entities in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred exceeds the 
Reference Entity Trigger specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent in is sole and absolute discretion. The relevant event 
need not be continuing at the time any notice is delivered under this Credit Linked Condition 2.7. 
Credit Linked Securities redeemed pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 2.7 will be redeemed at their 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
2.8 
Redemption following a Merger Event 
If this Credit Linked Condition 2.8 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event 
that in the determination of the Calculation Agent a Merger Event has occurred, the relevant Issuer may 
give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) and redeem all but 
not some only of the Credit Linked Securities at the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount (determined 
in accordance with General Condition 6.8 (Redemption Amounts)) on the Merger Event Redemption Date. 
2.9 
Suspension of Obligations 
If a Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurs or if a notice is delivered to ISDA as contemplated in 
the definition of "Credit Event Resolution Request Date" in relation to any Reference Entity, then (unless 
the relevant Issuer otherwise elects by notice to the Calculation Agent and the Securityholders) from such 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date or, as applicable, the date that delivery of such notice is effective 
(and notwithstanding that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has yet to determine 
whether Publicly Available Information is available or that a Credit Event has occurred), any obligation 
of the relevant Issuer to redeem any Credit Linked Security (including pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 2.2 (Redemption following satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement)) or pay any amount of 
interest which would otherwise be due thereon shall, insofar as it relates to the relevant Reference Entity, 
be and remain suspended until such time as ISDA subsequently publicly announces that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved with respect to such Reference Entity: 
(a) 
the matters described in the definition of "DC Credit Event Question" in Credit Linked Condition 
10 (Definitions); or 
(b) 
not to determine such matters. 
During such suspension period, the relevant Issuer shall not be obliged to, nor be entitled to, take any 
action in connection with the settlement of any Credit Linked Securities, in each case insofar as they relate 
to the relevant Reference Entity. Once ISDA has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved the matters set out in paragraphs (a) or (b) above, such 
suspension shall terminate and any obligations so suspended shall resume on the basis of such resolution 
on the CLS Business Day following such public announcement by ISDA, with the relevant Issuer having 
the benefit of the full day notwithstanding when the suspension began. Any amount of interest so 
suspended shall, subject always to Credit Linked Condition 3.1 (Cessation of Interest Accrual), become 
due on the date determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion but not later than fifteen 
Business Days following such public announcement by ISDA. Any amount of nominal so suspended shall 
also, subject always to Credit Linked Condition 2.2 (Redemption following satisfaction of Conditions to

--- Page 537 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
537 
Settlement), become due on the date determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion but not 
later than fifteen Business Days following such public announcement by ISDA. 
Where payment of interest or nominal is suspended in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 2.9, 
no interest shall accrue on such interest or nominal. 
2.10 
Redemption following an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the relevant Issuer 
may redeem the Securities by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices). If the Securities are so redeemed, the relevant Issuer will pay an amount to each Securityholder 
in respect of each Security as shall be determined to be the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount 
(determined in accordance with General Condition 6.8 (Redemption Amounts)). Payments will be made 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices). 
In determining the fair market value of the Credit Linked Securities, the Calculation Agent shall take into 
consideration all information, which it deems relevant (including, without limitation, market conditions). 
This Credit Linked Condition 2.10 shall not apply if the Final Terms specify that none of the "Additional 
Disruption Events" shall apply. 
2.11 
Miscellaneous provisions relating to Redemption 
If the Credit Linked Securities are partially redeemed (or the aggregate nominal amount of the Credit 
Linked Securities is otherwise reduced in accordance with the provisions of these Credit Linked 
Conditions) and the relevant Credit Linked Securities or, if the Credit Linked Securities are represented 
by a Global Security, such Global Security, shall be endorsed to reflect such partial redemption (or, as 
applicable, such reduction of the aggregate nominal amount). Accordingly, upon such partial redemption 
(or, as applicable, such reduction of the aggregate nominal amount), the outstanding nominal amount of 
each Security shall be reduced for all purposes (including accrual of interest thereon) accordingly but 
where the relevant redemption occurs pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2.2 (Redemption following 
satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement), the amount of interest due shall be determined in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 3 (Interest) and, where applicable, subject to Credit Linked Condition 3.4 
(Guaranteed Interest). In the case of Partly Paid Securities, the outstanding nominal amount of each 
Security shall be the aggregate amount paid up.  
Redemption of any Credit Linked Security in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2 (Redemption), 
together with payment of interest, if any, due thereon shall discharge all or the relevant portion of the 
obligations of the relevant Issuer in relation thereto. 
Any amount payable under Credit Linked Condition 2 (Redemption) shall be rounded downwards to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant currency. 
2.12 
Extension Notice 
The Calculation Agent may deliver an Extension Notice to the Issuer and the Securityholders in the 
following circumstances: 
(a) 
a Credit Event has occurred or may occur on or prior to the Scheduled Redemption Date; 
(b) 
a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred or may occur on or prior to the Scheduled Redemption 
Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time); 
(c) 
a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred or may occur on or prior to the Scheduled 
Redemption Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time); or 
(d) 
a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred or may occur on or prior to the last day of 
the Notice Delivery Period.

--- Page 538 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
538 
3 
INTEREST 
3.1 
Cessation of Interest Accrual 
(a) 
Upon the satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement in respect of any Credit Linked Securities, 
interest on such Credit Linked Securities (or, in the case of Linear Basket CLSs, the relevant 
portion thereof determined in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2.4 (Linear Basket 
CLSs)) shall cease to accrue with effect from and including either: 
(i) 
the Interest Period Date immediately preceding the related Event Determination Date 
(or, in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Commencement Date) 
(CIA Type 1); 
(ii) 
the related Event Determination Date (in which case such Event Determination Date 
shall be deemed to be an Observation Date for the purposes of determining the interest 
accrued to (but excluding) such Event Determination Date)) (CIA Type 2); or 
(iii) 
the Scheduled Redemption Date (CIA Type 3), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
If (i) Credit Linked Condition 2.8 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
the Calculation Agent determines that a Merger Event has occurred or (ii) the relevant Issuer 
elects to redeem the Securities pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2.10 following a 
determination by the Calculation Agent that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, in 
each case in respect of any Credit Linked Securities, interest on such Credit Linked Securities 
shall cease to accrue with effect from and including, the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding such determination. 
3.2 
Interest following Scheduled Redemption 
Notwithstanding Credit Linked Condition 3.1 (Cessation of Interest Accrual), each Credit Linked 
Security shall only accrue interest up to (but excluding) the Scheduled Redemption Date. 
3.3 
Interest Payment Dates 
If the Credit Linked Securities are redeemed pursuant to the General Conditions or these Credit Linked 
Conditions, the Scheduled Redemption Date, the Redemption Date (if not the Scheduled Redemption 
Date), the Auction Settlement Date, the Cash Settlement Date or the last Delivery Date, as the case may 
be, shall be an Interest Payment Date in respect of each Credit Linked Security (or, in the case of Linear 
Basket CLSs, the relevant portion thereof determined in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2.4 
(Linear Basket CLSs)) and the relevant Issuer shall pay any interest that has accrued in respect of each 
Credit Linked Security (or, as applicable, the relevant portion thereof determined in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 2.4 (Linear Basket CLSs)) on such Interest Payment Date, subject to Credit 
Linked Condition 3.1 (Cessation of Interest Accrual) above. 
3.4 
Guaranteed interest 
Where CIA Type 3 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the last Interest Accrual Period 
will end on, but exclude, the Scheduled Redemption Date, notwithstanding the occurrence of a Credit 
Event, any subsequent satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement and any redemption of the Securities 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2.2 (Redemption following satisfaction of Conditions to 
Settlement) or Credit Linked Condition 4 (Physical Settlement). Notwithstanding General Condition 4 
(Interest), interest will be calculated by reference to the Calculation Amount (whether or not the Securities 
are then represented by a Global Security) applicable to each Security for each relevant Interest Accrual 
Period regardless of the nominal amount then outstanding of such Security.

--- Page 539 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
539 
4 
PHYSICAL SETTLEMENT 
4.1 
Delivery and payment 
If Physical Settlement applies to any Credit Linked Security, then, upon the satisfaction of the related 
Conditions to Settlement, the relevant Issuer, or any third party appointed at its discretion, shall, on or 
prior to the related Physical Settlement Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 4.2 (Partial Cash 
Settlement Due to Impossibility, Impracticality or Illegality), Credit Linked Condition 4.3 (Non-Delivery 
of Deliverable Obligations) and Credit Linked Condition 4.6 (Asset Transfer Notice), redeem such Credit 
Linked Security or, in the case of Linear Basket CLSs, the relevant portion thereof determined in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2.4 (Linear Basket CLSs), in each case, by: 
(a) 
delivering a pro rata share of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the related Notice of 
Physical Settlement (the Physical Settlement Amount); 
(b) 
paying such Security's pro rata portion of the related Physical Settlement Adjustment Rounding 
Amount; and 
(c) 
if the Hedge Amount is expressed as a negative number, paying such Security's pro rata portion 
of the absolute value of such Hedge Amount. 
4.2 
Partial Cash Settlement Due to Impossibility, Impracticality or Illegality 
If, due to an event beyond the control of the relevant Issuer, it is in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
impossible, impractical (including, without limitation, due to the relevant Issuer receiving insufficient or 
incorrect account or transfer information) or illegal for the relevant Issuer to Deliver or, due to an event 
beyond the control of the relevant Issuer or any Securityholder, it is in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent impossible, impractical or illegal for the relevant Issuer or the relevant Securityholder to accept 
Delivery of any of the Deliverable Obligations specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement on the related 
Physical Settlement Date, then on such date the relevant Issuer shall Deliver any of the Deliverable 
Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement for which it is possible, practicable and legal 
to take Delivery. If any Undeliverable Obligations have not been delivered on or prior to the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date, then Partial Cash Settlement shall apply with respect to such 
Undeliverable Obligations and, accordingly, the relevant Issuer shall pay the relevant Securityholders an 
amount equal to the Partial Cash Settlement Amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the relevant 
Securityholders on the Partial Cash Settlement Date. 
4.3 
Non-Delivery of Deliverable Obligations 
If the relevant Issuer does not Deliver any Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of Physical 
Settlement other than as a result of an event or circumstance contemplated in Credit Linked Condition 4.2 
(Partial Cash Settlement Due to Impossibility, Impracticality or Illegality) (including following the 
occurrence of a Hedge Disruption Event), such failure shall not constitute an event of default for the 
purpose of the Securities and the relevant Issuer may continue to attempt to Deliver the Deliverable 
Obligations that are Bonds or Loans until the Extended Physical Settlement Date. 
If, as at the relevant Extended Physical Settlement Date, any such Deliverable Obligations have not been 
Delivered, then Partial Cash Settlement shall apply with respect to such Deliverable Obligations and the 
relevant Issuer shall pay to the Securityholders an amount equal to the Partial Cash Settlement Amount 
to be apportioned pro rata amongst the Securityholders on the Partial Cash Settlement Date. 
4.4 
Aggregation and Rounding 
Where a Securityholder holds Credit Linked Securities in an aggregate nominal amount greater than the 
Specified Denomination, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations to be 
Delivered in respect of the Credit Linked Securities shall be aggregated for the purposes of this Credit 
Linked Condition 4. If the Outstanding Amount of the Deliverable Obligations to be Delivered in respect 
of each Credit Linked Security to be redeemed pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 4.4 on any 
occasion is not equal to an authorised denomination (or integral multiple thereof) of such Deliverable

--- Page 540 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
540 
Obligations then the Outstanding Amount of Deliverable Obligations to be Delivered will be rounded 
down to the nearest authorised denomination or multiple thereof, or, if none, to zero. In such 
circumstances, the Deliverable Obligations that were not capable of being Delivered shall, if and to the 
extent practicable, be sold by the relevant Issuer or such other agent as may be appointed by the relevant 
Issuer for such purpose and, if they are so sold, the relevant Issuer shall make payment in respect of each 
Credit Linked Security in an amount equal to its pro rata share of the related net sale proceeds as soon as 
reasonably practicable following receipt thereof which date shall not in any event fall earlier than the 
Partial Cash Settlement Date. 
4.5 
Delivery and Fees 
The Delivery of any of the Deliverable Obligations pursuant to the provisions of this Credit Linked 
Condition 4 shall be made in such commercially reasonable manner as the relevant Issuer shall, in its sole 
discretion, determine to be appropriate for such Delivery. Subject as set out in the definition of "Deliver": 
(a) 
any recordation, processing or similar fee reasonably incurred by the relevant Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates and payable to the agent under a Loan in connection with an assignment (where 
Deliverable Obligations include Assignable Loans or Consent Required Loans) shall be payable 
by the relevant Securityholders, and if any stamp tax is payable in connection with the Delivery 
of any Deliverable Obligations, payment thereof shall be made by the relevant Securityholders; 
and 
(b) 
any other expenses arising from the Delivery and/or transfer of the Deliverable Obligations shall 
be for the account of the Securityholders, determined in accordance with then current market 
conventions. 
Delivery and/or transfer of the Deliverable Obligations shall be delayed until all expenses relating to such 
Delivery or transfer payable by the Securityholders have been paid to the satisfaction of the relevant 
Issuer. 
4.6 
Asset Transfer Notice 
A Securityholder will not be entitled to any of the amounts or assets specified as being due to it in this 
Credit Linked Condition 4 upon the satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement unless it has complied 
with Credit Linked Condition 4.7 (Physical Settlement Procedures). For so long as the Credit Linked 
Securities are held in any clearing system, any communication from such clearing system on behalf of 
the Securityholder containing the information required in an Asset Transfer Notice will be treated as an 
Asset Transfer Notice. For as long as Bearer Securities are represented by a Global Security, surrender of 
Credit Linked Securities for such purpose will be effected by presentation of the Global Security and its 
endorsement to note the nominal amount of Credit Linked Securities to which the relevant Asset Transfer 
Notice relates. 
4.7 
Physical Settlement Procedures 
(a) 
Procedure by Securityholders 
If any Credit Linked Security falls to be redeemed and Physical Settlement is specified to be the 
Settlement Method or the Fallback Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms, any 
delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount shall be in accordance with any applicable securities 
laws and the provisions set out in this Credit Linked Condition 4.7. 
(i) 
In order to receive the Physical Settlement Amount, the relevant Securityholder shall 
(or shall procure that a depository, custodian or entity with which it has a similar 
relationship in respect of the Securities shall on its behalf), (I) at least three (3) Business 
Days, or such other number of Business Days as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or (II) such lesser number of Business Days determined by the Issuer in its 
sole discretion and notified to Securityholders in respect of the relevant Series of 
Securities, in each case prior to the Physical Settlement Date:

--- Page 541 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
541 
(A) 
if the Credit Linked Securities are represented by a Global Security, present a 
notice to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, with a copy to any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, 
and the relevant Issuer, via the EUCLID System or any equivalent or successor 
system (a EUCLID Notice); or 
(B) 
if the Credit Linked Security is in definitive form, surrender to the Paying 
Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, the Definitive Security (which 
expression shall, for the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 4.7, include 
Receipt(s) and, if applicable, all unmatured Coupons, in accordance with the 
provisions of General Condition 5 (Payments)), a completed Asset Transfer 
Notice substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (the Asset 
Transfer Notice) (a copy of which may be obtained from the specified office 
of any of the Paying Agents) with a copy to the relevant Issuer. 
(ii) 
Each of a EUCLID Notice and an Asset Transfer Notice, as the case may be, is referred 
to herein as a Notice. 
(iii) 
The EUCLID Notice referred to above must: 
(A) 
specify the name and address of the relevant Securityholder and the person 
from whom the Delivery Agent may obtain details for the delivery of the 
Physical Settlement Amount; 
(B) 
specify the number of Credit Linked Securities which are the subject of such 
notice and the number of the Securityholder's account at DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to be debited with such Credit 
Linked Securities; 
(C) 
irrevocably instruct and authorise DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, to debit the relevant Securityholder's account 
with such Credit Linked Securities on the date on which such Credit Linked 
Securities are redeemed in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4.1 
(Delivery and payment); 
(D) 
provide the Securityholder's certification whether it is a U.S. person, or a 
person acting on behalf of a U.S. person, or a person within the United States 
(as such terms are defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act); and 
(E) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings. 
(iv) 
The Asset Transfer Notice referred to above must: 
(A) 
specify the name and address of the person from whom the Delivery Agent 
may obtain details for delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount; 
(B) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings; and 
(C) 
provide the Securityholder's certification whether it is a U.S. person, or a 
person acting on behalf of a U.S. person, or a person within the United States 
(as such terms are defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act). 
(v) 
No Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the Paying Agent, the Registrar or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be. 
(vi) 
After delivery of such Notice, the relevant Securityholder may not transfer the Credit 
Linked Securities, which are the subject of such Notice, and no transfers of the Credit

--- Page 542 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
542 
Linked Securities specified therein represented by a Global Security will be effected by 
DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(vii) 
Any determination as to whether a notice is valid and has been properly completed and 
delivered as provided in this Credit Linked Condition 4.7 shall be made by DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, after 
consultation with the Delivery Agent and shall be conclusive and binding on the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Securityholder. 
(b) 
Procedure by the relevant Issuer and others 
Upon receipt of a duly completed Notice and (in the case of Credit Linked Securities in definitive 
form) the Definitive Security to which such Notice relates, the relevant Paying Agent or the 
Registrar, as the case may be, DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
shall verify that the person specified therein as the accountholder is the holder of the Credit 
Linked Securities referred to therein according to its books. 
Subject as provided herein, in relation to each Credit Linked Security, the Physical Settlement 
Amount will be delivered at the risk of the relevant Securityholder in such commercially 
reasonable manner as the Delivery Agent shall, in its sole discretion, determine to be appropriate 
for such delivery on the due date for redemption for the Credit Linked Securities, provided that 
the relevant Credit Linked Security in definitive form and the Notice are delivered not later than 
the close of business in Luxembourg on the date (the Notice Cut-Off Date) which is five (5) 
Business Days (or such other number of Business Days as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) before the due date for redemption of the Credit Linked Securities. 
(c) 
Delay or Failure to Deliver Notice 
If the Notice and, in the case of Credit Linked Securities in definitive form, the Definitive 
Security to which such Notice relates are delivered to the relevant Issuer later than close of 
business on the Notice Cut-Off Date, then the Physical Settlement Amount will be delivered as 
soon as practicable after the due date for redemption of the Credit Linked Securities, at the risk 
of such Securityholder. 
For the avoidance of doubt, without prejudice to Credit Linked Condition 4.1(b) and 4.1(c), such 
Securityholder shall not be entitled to any payment or other assets, whether of interest or 
otherwise, in the event of the delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount falling after the due 
date for redemption of the Credit Linked Securities pursuant to the provisions of this Credit 
Linked Condition 4.7 or otherwise due to circumstances beyond the control of the relevant Issuer. 
If the relevant Securityholder fails to validly deliver a Notice, or procure that a Notice is validly 
delivered on its behalf, in the manner set out in these Conditions or delivers a Notice, or procures 
that a Notice is delivered, on any day falling after the day that is 180 calendar days after the 
Notice Cut-Off Date or, in the case of Credit Linked Securities in definitive form, fails to deliver 
the Definitive Security related thereto, or procure that such Definitive Security is delivered, or 
fails to pay the expenses referred to in Credit Linked Condition 4.5 (Delivery and Fees), the 
relevant Issuer shall be discharged from its obligation in respect of such Credit Linked Security 
and shall have no further obligation or liability whatsoever in respect thereof. 
(d) 
Delivery at risk of Securityholder 
Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount by the relevant Issuer to the Securityholder shall be 
at the risk of the Securityholder and no additional payment or delivery will be due to a 
Securityholder where the Physical Settlement Amount is delivered after its due date in 
circumstances beyond the control of either the relevant Issuer or the Delivery Agent.

--- Page 543 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
543 
(e) 
No further liability of Issuer 
After delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount by the relevant Issuer to a Securityholder 
pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 4.7 but prior to the time when the Securityholder (or 
his designee) becomes registered as a holder or lender of record (as the case may be) of the 
relevant Deliverable Obligation (the Intervening Period), neither the relevant Issuer nor its 
agent or nominee shall (i) be under any obligation to deliver to such Securityholder or any 
subsequent beneficial owner of such relevant Deliverable Obligation any letter, certificate, 
notice, circular, dividend or any other document or payment whatsoever received by the relevant 
Issuer or its agent or nominee in its capacity as the registered holder or lender of record (as the 
case may be) of such relevant Deliverable Obligation, (ii) exercise any or all rights (including 
voting rights) attaching to such relevant Deliverable Obligation during the Intervening Period 
without the prior written consent of the relevant Securityholder, provided that neither the relevant 
Issuer nor its agent or nominee shall be under any obligation to exercise any such rights during 
the Intervening Period, or (iii) be under any liability to such Securityholder or any subsequent 
beneficial owner of such relevant Deliverable Obligation in respect of any loss or damage which 
such Securityholder or subsequent beneficial owner may sustain or suffer as a result, whether 
directly or indirectly, of the relevant Issuer or its agent or nominee being registered during such 
Intervening Period as legal owner of such relevant Deliverable Obligation. 
5 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO TIMING AND FRUSTRATION 
5.1 
No frustration 
In the absence of other reasons, performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities will not be 
considered frustrated, or otherwise void or voidable (whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
(a) 
a Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Issue Date; and/or 
(b) 
Obligations, Valuation Obligations, Deliverable Obligations, Specified Deliverable Obligations 
or Reference Obligations do not exist on, or cease to exist on or following, the Issue Date. 
5.2 
Timing 
Subject to the paragraph below and the provisions relating to Notices set out herein, in order to determine 
the day on which an event occurs, the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean 
Time (or, if the Calculation Agent determines that the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity 
is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone in which such event 
occurred. Any event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to 
midnight. 
If a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, on the final day 
of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment shall be deemed to have occurred on 
such day prior to midnight by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign, Tokyo 
time), irrespective of the time zone of its place of payment. 
6 
SUCCESSION EVENT 
6.1 
Single Reference Entity 
Where the Securities are Single Reference Entity CLSs and a Succession Event has occurred and more 
than one Successor has been identified (each a Successor Reference Entity): 
(a) 
each Successor Reference Entity will be a Reference Entity for the purposes of each Credit 
Linked Security;

--- Page 544 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
544 
(b) 
in respect of each Successor Reference Entity, the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount will 
be the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount applicable to the original Reference Entity 
divided by the number of Successor Reference Entities; and 
(c) 
all other terms and conditions of the original Credit Linked Securities will be replicated in each 
deemed new Credit Linked Security except to the extent that modification is required, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, to preserve the economic effects of 
the original Credit Linked Securities in the deemed new Credit Linked Securities (considered in 
the aggregate). 
6.2 
Nth-to-Default CLSs 
Where the Securities are Nth-to-Default CLSs: 
(a) 
where a Succession Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity (other than a Reference 
Entity in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred) and more than one Successor has been 
identified, each Credit Linked Security will be deemed for all purposes to have been divided into 
a number of new Credit Linked Securities equal to the number of Successors. Each such new 
Credit Linked Security shall include a Successor and each and every one of the Reference 
Entities unaffected by such Succession Event and the provisions of Credit Linked 
Conditions 6.1(a) to 6.1(c) (inclusive) shall apply thereto; 
(b) 
if "Substitution" is specified as not being applicable in the Final Terms, where any Reference 
Entity (the Surviving Reference Entity) (other than a Reference Entity that is subject to the 
Succession Event) would be a Successor to any other Reference Entity (the Legacy Reference 
Entity) pursuant to a Succession Event, such Surviving Reference Entity shall be deemed to be 
a Successor to the Legacy Reference Entity; and 
(c) 
if "Substitution" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, where the Surviving 
Reference Entity (other than a Reference Entity that is subject to the Succession Event) would 
be a Successor to a Legacy Reference Entity pursuant to a Succession Event: 
(i) 
such Surviving Reference Entity shall be deemed not to be a Successor to the Legacy 
Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
the Replacement Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a Successor to the Legacy 
Reference Entity. For the avoidance of doubt, the deemed new Credit Linked Securities 
will continue to be represented by the original Credit Linked Securities. 
6.3 
Linear Basket CLSs 
Where the Credit Linked Securities are Linear Basket CLSs, and one or more Successors have been 
identified in respect of a Reference Entity that has been the subject of a related Succession Event (the 
Affected Entity): 
(a) 
the Affected Entity will no longer be a Reference Entity (unless it is a Successor as described in 
paragraph (b) below); 
(b) 
each Successor will be deemed a Reference Entity (in addition to each Reference Entity which 
is not an Affected Entity); 
(c) 
the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount for each such Successor will equal the Floating Rate 
Payer Calculation Amount of the Affected Entity divided by the number of Successors; and 
(d) 
the Calculation Agent may, at its discretion, make any modifications to the terms of the 
Securities, which may be required to preserve the economic effects of the Securities prior to the 
Succession Event (considered in the aggregate).

--- Page 545 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
545 
6.4 
Substitute Reference Obligations 
With respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to which a Substitution Event has occurred, the 
Calculation Agent will identify the obligation (the Substitute Reference Obligation) that will replace 
one or more Reference Obligations, in accordance with the following procedures: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with 
paragraph (c) and (d) below to replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation; provided that 
the Calculation Agent will not identify an obligation as the Substitute Reference Obligation if, 
at the time of determination, such obligation has already been rejected as the Substitute 
Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and such 
obligation has not changed materially since the date of the relevant DC Resolution. 
(b) 
If any of the events set forth under paragraph (a) or (c) of the definition of Substitution Event 
have occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the 
"Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic and paragraph (c)(ii) below).  If the event set forth in paragraph (b) of the 
definition of Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation will continue to be the Reference Obligation until the Substitute Obligation is 
identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth under paragraphs (a) or (c) of the 
definition of Substitution Event occur with respect to such Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(c) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(i) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider 
of a guarantee); 
(ii) 
satisfies the "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the date it 
was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of payment after 
such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
(iii) 
(A) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the Substitution 
Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (b) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation; 
(II) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (b) 
of the definition of Deliverable Obligation; 
(B) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other Borrowed 
Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(II) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (b) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation; or if no such obligation is available,

--- Page 546 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
546 
(III) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) or, if no such obligation is 
available, 
(IV) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (b) 
of the definition of Deliverable Obligation; or 
(C) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan, which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately prior to 
the Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(II) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan) or if no such obligation is available, 
(III) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (b) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation; or if no such obligation is available, 
(IV) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (b) 
of the definition of Deliverable Obligation. 
(d) 
If more than one specific Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the process 
described in in paragraph (c) above, the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential 
Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic equivalent of the 
delivery and payment obligations of the relevant Issuer under the Securities, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent.  The Substitute Reference Obligation will replace the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation on such date as determined by the Calculation Agent, which is expected 
to be as soon as reasonably practicable after it has been identified in accordance with 
paragraph (c) above.  Information about the occurrence of a Substitute Reference Obligation 
with a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination of the Substitute 
Reference Obligation, including the identity thereof and the date of substitution, may be 
requested at any time by the Securityholders at the specified office of the Calculation Agent 
(subject to proof of ownership of such Securities in a form acceptable to the Calculation Agent). 
(e) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and 
the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation, then, subject to paragraph (a) above and notwithstanding 
the fact that the Non-Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference 
Obligation in accordance with paragraph (b) above, the Calculation Agent shall continue to 
attempt to identify the Substitute Reference Obligation.  For the purposes of identification of a 
Reference Obligation, any change in the Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other 
similar identifier will not, in and of itself, convert such Reference Obligation into a different 
Obligation. 
7 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
7.1 
Provisions relating to LPN Reference Entities 
The following provisions shall apply if the applicable Final Terms provide that "LPN Reference Entity" 
is applicable: 
(a) 
Multiple Holder Obligations will not be applicable with respect to any Reference Obligation and 
any Underlying Loan;

--- Page 547 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
547 
(b) 
each Reference Obligation will be an Obligation notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
these Credit Linked Conditions, and in particular, that the obligation is not an obligation of the 
Reference Entity; 
(c) 
each Reference Obligation will be a Deliverable Obligation notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, and in particular, that the obligation is not an 
obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(d) 
with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies an Underlying Loan or an 
Underlying Finance Instrument, the Outstanding Principal Balance shall be determined by 
reference to the Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) relating to 
such LPN Reference Obligation; 
(e) 
each LPN Reference Obligation is issued for the purpose of providing funds for the LPN Issuer 
to finance its loan to the Reference Entity. For the purposes of the Securities, each such loan 
shall be an Underlying Loan; and 
(f) 
the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic and Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall 
be construed as if no Reference Obligation was specified in respect of the Reference Entity. 
7.2 
Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is a "Monoline 
Insurer" 
The following provisions will apply if the applicable Final Terms provide that "Monoline Insurer" is 
applicable: 
(a) 
Specific Definitions 
Monoline Insurer means the entities (i) listed in the Monoline Insurer Reference Entities 
document published by ISDA on 31 August 2010 where the Current Reference Entity Names (as 
such term is defined in this document) are ACA Financial Guaranty Corporation, Ambac 
Assurance Corporation, Assured Guaranty Corp., CDC IXIS Financial Guaranty North America, 
Inc, Financial Guaranty Insurance Company (FGIC), Assured Guaranty Municipal Corp., MBIA 
Insurance Corporation, Radian Asset Assurance Inc., Syncora Guarantee Inc or any Successor 
of the aforementioned or (ii) added to the list of sub-paragraph (i) above by any document 
published by ISDA which would modify and/or cancel and replace the Monoline Insurer 
Reference Entities document. 
Qualifying Policy means a financial guaranty insurance policy or similar financial guarantee 
pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures all Instrument Payments 
(as defined below) of an instrument that constitutes Borrowed Money (modified as set forth 
below) (the Insured Instrument) for which another party (including a special purpose entity or 
trust) is the obligor (the Insured Obligor). Qualifying Policies shall exclude any arrangement 
(i) structured as a surety bond, letter of credit or equivalent legal arrangement or (ii) pursuant to 
the express contractual terms of which the payment obligations of the Reference Entity can be 
discharged or reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance 
(other than the payment of Instrument Payments). Whether Cash Settlement or Physical 
Settlement is applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in particular for the purpose of the 
determination of Obligation and Deliverable Obligation, the benefit of a Qualifying Policy must 
be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of the Insured Instrument. 
Instrument Payments means (i) in the case of any Insured Instrument that is in the form of a 
pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, (A) the specified periodic 
distributions in respect of interest or other return on the Certificate Balance on or prior to the 
ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance and (B) the ultimate distribution of the Certificate 
Balance on or prior to a specified date and (ii) in the case of any other Insured Instrument, the 
scheduled payments of principal and interest, in the case of both (i) and (ii), (A) determined 
without regard to Limited Recourse Provisions and (B) excluding sums in respect of default

--- Page 548 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
548 
interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups, make-whole amounts, early redemption premiums and other 
similar amounts (whether or not guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy). 
Limited Recourse Provisions means provisions of an Insured Instrument limiting recourse in 
respect of such Insured Instrument to the proceeds of specified assets (including proceeds subject 
to a priority of payments) or reducing the amount of any Instrument Payments owing under such 
Insured Instrument. 
Certificate Balance means, in the case of an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-
through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the unit principal balance, certificate 
balance or similar measure of unreimbursed principal investment. 
(b) 
Obligation and Deliverable Obligation 
In subparagraph (a) of the definition of "Obligation" and subparagraph (b) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation", the terms "or Qualifying Policy" are added after "or as provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee". 
(c) 
Interpretation of Provisions 
In the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the terms of 
(A) the second part of the definition of "Qualifying Guarantee", starting with "If an Obligation" 
and (B) the definitions of "Due and Payable Amount" and "Outstanding Principal Balance" will 
apply, with references to the Relevant Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying 
Obligor deemed to include the Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the Insured 
Obligor, respectively, except that: 
(i) 
the Obligation Category "Borrowed Money" and the Obligation Category and 
Deliverable Obligation Category "Bond" shall be deemed to include distributions 
payable under an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest, the Deliverable Obligation Category "Bond" shall be deemed 
to include such an Insured Instrument, and the terms "obligation" and "obligor" as used 
in these Credit Linked Conditions in respect of such an Insured Instrument shall be 
construed accordingly; 
(ii) 
references in the definitions of "Assignable Loan" and "Consent Required Loan" to the 
guarantor and guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer and the insuring, 
respectively; 
(iii) 
neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on the relevant 
date the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic of Accelerated or Matured, whether or 
not that characteristic is otherwise specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; 
(iv) 
if the Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan or Transferable Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics are specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and if the 
benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured 
Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as the 
Insured Instrument; 
(v) 
with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest, the term "maturity", as such term is used in the Maximum 
Maturity Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, shall mean the specified date by which 
the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution 
of the Certificate Balance will occur; and 
(vi) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, only the Qualifying Policy must satisfy on the relevant date 
the Obligation Characteristic or the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic of "Not

--- Page 549 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
549 
Subordinated", if "Not Subordinated" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(d) 
Outstanding Principal Balance 
In paragraph (a) of the definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance", references to a Guarantee, 
the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include a Qualifying 
Policy, the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor respectively. Any Limited Recourse 
Provisions shall be disregarded for the purposes of paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" provided that such provisions are not applicable to the 
Qualifying Policy by the terms thereof and the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or 
insure, as applicable, the Instrument Payments that would have been required to be made absent 
any such limitation or reduction. 
(e) 
Deliver 
For purposes of the definition of "Deliver", "Deliver" with respect to an obligation that is a 
Qualifying Policy means to Deliver both the Insured Instrument and the benefit of the Qualifying 
Policy (or a custodial receipt issued by an internationally recognised custodian representing an 
interest in such an Insured Instrument and the related Qualifying Policy), and "Delivery" and 
"Delivered" will be construed accordingly. 
(f) 
Provisions for Determining a Successor 
Paragraphs (a), (d) and (f) of the definition of "Successor" are amended by adding "or Qualifying 
Policy" after each occurrence of "a Relevant Guarantee". Paragraph (f) is amended by adding 
"or provider of a Qualifying Policy" after "as guarantor or guarantors". 
(g) 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation, Substitute Reference Obligation and Substitution 
Event 
The definition of "Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation", paragraph (c)(i) of Credit 
Linked Condition 6.4 and paragraph (c) of the definition of "Substitution Event" are amended 
by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after "a guarantee". 
(h) 
Restructuring 
(i) 
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or 
similar funded beneficial interest or a Qualifying Policy with respect thereto, part (a)(i) 
to (a)(v) in the definition of "Restructuring" is amended to read as follows: 
(A) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments described in 
clause (i)(A) of the definition of "Instrument Payment" that are guaranteed or 
insured by the Qualifying Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
(B) 
a reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described in clause (i)(B) 
of the definition of "Instrument Payment" that are guaranteed or insured by the 
Qualifying Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
(C) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment 
or accrual of the Instrument Payments described in clause (i)(A) of the 
definition of "Instrument Payment" or (II) the payment of the Instrument 
Payments described in clause (i)(B) of the definition of "Instrument Payment", 
in each case that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy; 
(D) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of (I) any Obligation under a 
Qualifying Policy in respect of Instrument Payments, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation or (II) any Instrument 
Payments, causing the Subordination of such Insured Instrument to any other

--- Page 550 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
550 
instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial 
interest issued by the Insured Obligor, it being understood that, for this 
purpose, Subordination will be deemed to include any such change that results 
in a lower ranking under a priority of payments provision applicable to the 
relevant Instrument Payments; or 
(E) 
any change in the currency of any payment of Instrument Payments that are 
guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy to any currency other than the 
lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, the 
United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of 
the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the 
currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
(ii) 
Subparagraph (b)(iv) of the definition of "Restructuring" is deleted in its entirety and 
replaced by the following: 
"the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
paragraphs (a)(i) to (a)(v) above in circumstances where such event does not directly or 
indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of 
the Reference Entity, provided that in respect of paragraph (a)(v) above only, no such 
deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity is 
required where the redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority or a Member State of the European 
Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental 
Authority or, in the case of Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, where (A) the 
Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, that the same 
Instrument Payments will be made on the same dates on which the Qualifying Policy 
guaranteed or insured that such Instrument Payments would be made prior to such event 
and (B) such event is not a change in the ranking in the priority of payment of the 
Qualifying Policy". 
(iii) 
The definition of "Restructuring" is amended by the addition of the following: 
"(e) 
For purposes of paragraphs (a) and (b) above and the definition of "Multiple 
Holder Obligation", the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Insured 
Instruments for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a 
Qualifying Policy. In the case of a Qualifying Policy and an Insured 
Instrument, references to the Reference Entity in paragraph (a) above shall be 
deemed to refer to the Insured Obligor and the reference to the Reference 
Entity in paragraph (b) above shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity." 
(i) 
Fully Transferable Obligation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
In the event that a Fully Transferable Obligation or Conditionally Transferable Obligation is a 
Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument must meet the requirements of the relevant definition 
and, if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured 
Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured 
Instrument. References in the definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation" to the 
guarantor and guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer and insuring, respectively. 
With respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest, the term "final redemption date", as such term is used in Credit Linked 
Condition 8.2 (Mod R) or 8.3 (Mod Mod R) in the definitions of "Mod R" and "Mod Mod R", 
and in the definition of "Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date", shall mean the specified date 
by which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution 
of the Certificate Balance will occur. 
(j) 
Other Provisions

--- Page 551 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
551 
For purposes of the definition of "Credit Event" and the definition of "Deliver", references to the 
Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include Insured 
Instruments and the Insured Obligor, respectively. 
8 
RESTRUCTURING CREDIT EVENT 
8.1 
Multiple Credit Event Notices 
Upon the occurrence of a Restructuring Credit Event with respect to a Reference Entity for which 
Restructuring is an applicable Credit Event and either "Mod R" or "Mod Mod R" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to such 
Restructuring Credit Event, each such notice setting forth the amount of the relevant Floating 
Rate Payer Calculation Amount to which such Restructuring Credit Event applies (the Exercise 
Amount) provided that if the Credit Event Notice does not specify an Exercise Amount, the then 
outstanding Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount (and not a portion thereof) will be deemed 
to have been specified as the Exercise Amount; 
(b) 
the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply to an aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount equal to the Exercise Amount only and all the provisions shall be 
construed accordingly; and 
(c) 
the Exercise Amount in connection with a Credit Event Notice describing a Restructuring must 
be an amount that is at least 1,000,000 units of the Specified Currency (or, if Japanese Yen, 
100,000,000 units) in which the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount is denominated or any 
integral multiple thereof or the entire relevant Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount. 
In the case of an Nth-to-Default CLS, once the Conditions to Settlement have been satisfied in respect of 
the Nth Reference Entity where the Credit Event is a Restructuring Credit Event, no further Credit Event 
Notices may be delivered in respect of any other Reference Entity (save to the extent that the Credit 
Linked Securities are deemed to have been divided into new Credit Linked Securities pursuant to Credit 
Linked Condition 6 (Succession Event). 
If any Credit Linked Security is subject to partial redemption in accordance with this Credit Linked 
Condition 8, the relevant Credit Linked Security or, if the Credit Linked Securities are represented by a 
Global Security, such Global Security shall be endorsed to reflect such partial redemption. 
This Credit Linked Condition 8.1 shall not be applicable in respect of a Reference Entity for which 
Restructuring is an applicable Credit Event and M(M)R Restructuring is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
8.2 
Mod R 
(a) 
If Physical Settlement or Cash Settlement applies (whether as Settlement Method as or Fallback 
Settlement Method) in respect of any Reference Entity for which "Mod R" is specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and if Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified 
in a Credit Event Notice delivered by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent, then unless the 
Deliverable Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due 
to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation may only be specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement (or in any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable) or, as the case may be, 
a Valuation Obligation may only be selected by the Calculation Agent, if such Deliverable 
Obligation or Valuation Obligation (i) is a Fully Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final 
redemption date not later than the applicable Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each 
case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date or the Relevant Valuation Date, 
as the case may be. 
(b) 
For the purposes of making a determination pursuant to the above, final maturity date shall be 
determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making

--- Page 552 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
552 
such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the final 
maturity date shall be deemed to be the date on which such determination is made. 
(c) 
If a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to subparagraph (b) of the definition 
thereof with respect to a Notional Credit Derivative Transaction, the condition set out in 
subparagraph (a)(ii) above shall not be applicable.  
8.3 
Mod Mod R 
(a) 
If Physical Settlement or Cash Settlement applies (whether as Settlement Method as or Fallback 
Settlement Method) in respect of any Reference Entity for which "Mod Mod R" is specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and if Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified 
in a Credit Event Notice delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer, then unless the Deliverable 
Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a 
Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation may only be specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement (or in any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable) or, as the case may be, 
a Valuation Obligation may only be selected by the Calculation Agent if it (i) is a Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final redemption date not later than the applicable 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective 
Date and the Delivery Date or the Relevant Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of the paragraph above in this definition of Mod 
Mod R, in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a final maturity date on or prior to the 
10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan shall be deemed to be the 
earlier of such final maturity date or the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan immediately 
prior to the relevant Restructuring. 
(c) 
For the purposes of making a determination pursuant to the above, final maturity date shall, 
subject as set out above, be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation 
in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation 
that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed to be the date on which such 
determination is made. 
(d) 
If a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to subparagraph (b) of the definition 
thereof with respect to a Notional Credit Derivative Transaction, the condition set out in 
subparagraph (a)(ii) above shall not be applicable. 
(e) 
In the event that the requisite consent in relation to a Deliverable Obligation which is a 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation is refused (whether or not a reason is given for such 
refusal and, where a reason is given for such refusal, regardless of that reason) or is not received 
by the Physical Settlement Date, the relevant Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
notify the relevant Securityholders of such refusal (or deemed refusal) and: 
(i) 
each such Securityholder may designate a third party (which may or may not be an 
Affiliate of such Securityholder) to take Delivery of the Deliverable Obligation on its 
behalf; and 
(ii) 
if a Securityholder does not designate a third party that takes Delivery on or prior to the 
date which is three (3) CLS Business Days after the Physical Settlement Date, then the 
relevant Issuer will redeem the Securities that have not been Delivered by payment of 
the relevant Partial Cash Settlement Amount to such Securityholder. Credit Linked 
Condition 4.4 (Aggregation and Rounding) shall not apply to this sub-paragraph. 
8.4 
Multiple Holder Obligations 
Unless "Multiple Holder Obligations" is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms, then 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of "Restructuring" and related provisions, the 
occurrence of, agreement to, or announcement of, any of the events described in sub-paragraphs (a)(i) to

--- Page 553 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
553 
(v) (inclusive) thereof shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect of any such events is 
a Multiple Holder Obligation. 
9 
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
9.1 
Determinations of the Calculation Agent 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event 
or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted to 
be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the Credit Linked Conditions 
shall be final and binding on the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and the Securityholders in 
accordance with the General Conditions. In performing its duties pursuant to the Credit Linked Securities, 
the Calculation Agent shall act in its sole and absolute discretion and, unless otherwise expressly stated 
in these Credit Linked Conditions, is not bound to follow or act in accordance with any determination of 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determination Committee. Whenever the Calculation Agent is required 
to make any determination it may, inter alia, decide issues of construction and legal interpretation. If the 
Calculation Agent chooses to rely on the determinations of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee it may do so without liability. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Calculation Agent in 
the performance or exercise of any of its obligations or its discretion under the Credit Linked Securities 
including, without limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any person, shall not affect the validity or 
binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such obligation or discretion, and none of the 
Calculation Agent, the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) shall, in the absence of wilful 
misconduct and gross negligence, bear any liability in respect of, or consequent upon, any such delay, 
deferral or forbearance. 
9.2 
Change in Standard Terms and Market Conventions 
The Calculation Agent, acting reasonably, may amend these Credit Linked Conditions from time to time 
to the extent that it determines necessary in order to ensure consistency with prevailing market standards 
or market trading conventions (as established pursuant to the agreement of the leading dealers in the credit 
derivatives market or any relevant committee established by ISDA, a market-wide protocol, any 
applicable law or regulation or the rules of any applicable exchange or clearing system) that would be or 
are applicable to any Notional Credit Derivative Transaction or Hedge Transaction from time to time. 
The Calculation Agent may not, without the consent of the relevant Issuer amend pursuant to this Credit 
Linked Condition 9.2 any of the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Securities other than to the 
extent necessary to give effect to the relevant change(s). The Calculation Agent shall notify the relevant 
Issuer and the Securityholders as soon as reasonably practicable upon making any such amendment. 
9.3 
Delivery of Notices 
As soon as reasonably practicable after receiving a Credit Event Notice or Notice of Publicly Available 
Information from the Calculation Agent, the relevant Issuer shall inform, or shall procure that the 
Calculation Agent informs the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). Where 
the Calculation Agent is expressed to give a Notice to the Securityholders, the Calculation Agent may 
agree with the Issuer that such Notice is given to the Securityholders by the Issuer in place of the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). Resolutions of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee are, as of the date hereof, available on ISDA's website 
(www.isda.org/credit). 
9.4 
Effectiveness of Notices 
Any notice referred to in Credit Linked Condition 9.3 (Delivery of Notices) above which is delivered at 
or prior to 5:00 p.m. (London time) on a London Business Day is effective on such date and if delivered 
after such time or on a day that is not a London Business Day, is deemed effective on the next following 
London Business Day. 
10 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Credit Linked Conditions:

--- Page 554 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
554 
Accelerated or Matured means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, whether by reason 
of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise is due and payable in full in accordance with the terms 
of such obligation, or would have been but for, and without regard to, any limitation imposed under any 
applicable insolvency laws. 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or Increased Cost 
of Hedging, in each case unless disapplied in the applicable Final Terms. 
Additional LPN means any LPN issued by an LPN Issuer, for the sole purpose of providing funds for 
the LPN Issuer to provide financing to the Reference Entity via an: 
(a) 
Underlying Loan; or 
(b) 
Underlying Finance Instrument: 
provided that: 
(i) 
either: 
(A) 
in the event that there is an Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN, the 
Underlying Loan satisfies the Obligation Characteristics specified in respect 
of the Reference Entity; or 
(B) 
in the event that there is an Underlying Finance Instrument with respect to such 
LPN the Underlying Finance Instrument satisfies the Not Subordinated, Not 
Domestic Law and Not Domestic Currency Obligation Characteristics; 
(ii) 
the LPN satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: Transferable, 
Not Bearer, Specified Currencies – Standard Specified Currencies, Not Domestic Law, 
Not Domestic Issuance; and 
(iii) 
the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date of such obligation, granted a First Ranking 
Interest over or in respect of certain of its rights in relation to the relevant Underlying 
Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) for the benefit of holders of the 
LPNs. 
Additional Obligation means each of the obligations listed as an Additional Obligation of the Reference 
Entity in the relevant "LPN Reference Obligation List" as published by Markit Group Limited, or any 
successor thereto, which list is currently available online on the Markit Group Limited website. 
Additional Provisions means any additional provisions from time to time published by ISDA for use in 
the over the counter credit derivatives market and specified as applicable in relation to a Reference Entity, 
which may include any other provisions specified in relation to such Reference Entity. 
Affected Entity has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Condition 6.3 (Linear Basket CLSs). 
Affiliate means in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by 
the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or 
indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes control means ownership of a 
majority of the voting power of an entity. 
Asset means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" or other 
consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, incurred, paid or 
provided by the relevant Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was realised or capable of 
being realised in circumstances where the right and/or asset no longer exists). 
Asset Market Value means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine by 
reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee.

--- Page 555 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
555 
Asset Package means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the proportion 
received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset Package Credit Event 
(which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case may be). 
If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a choice of combinations of Assets, the Asset 
Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If the Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, 
the Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero. 
Asset Package Credit Event means: 
(a) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" is specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, (i) a Governmental Intervention; or (ii) a 
Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation, if Restructuring is specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and such Restructuring does not constitute a 
Governmental Intervention; and 
(b) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and Restructuring is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms, a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event 
Notice. 
Asset Package Delivery will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs unless (i) such Asset Package 
Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in respect of the Credit Event 
specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement applicable to the Event 
Determination Date or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond exists 
immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event. 
Asset Transfer Notice has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Condition 4.7 (Physical 
Settlement Procedures). 
Assignable Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a minimum, 
commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are not 
then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the relevant Reference 
Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if a Reference 
Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent, and if specified as applicable to a Deliverable Obligation 
Category, the Assignable Loan Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be applicable only in respect 
of obligations within that Deliverable Obligation Category that are Loans. 
Auction has the meaning set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Cancellation Date has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Covered Transaction has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Final Price has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or the Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms identified by the Calculation Agent in the Auction Settlement Amount Notice 
or, for the purposes of determining a Hedge Disruption Event, in the Notice of Physical Settlement, as 
the case may be. 
Auction Final Price Determination Date has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
Auction Settlement means the settlement method in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2.2(a). 
Auction Settlement Amount means, in relation to any Reference Entity, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
Auction Settlement Amount = Max [0; N x (1-R)]

--- Page 556 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
556 
where: 
"N" means the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount or the Exercise Amount, as the case 
may be; and 
"R" means the relevant Auction Final Price. 
Auction Settlement Amount Notice means a notice given by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) on or prior to the date which is 65 
Business Days following the Final List Publication Date specifying: 
(a) 
the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms which the 
Calculation Agent has determined will apply to the Credit Linked Securities (provided that the 
Calculation Agent may only determine to apply any Parallel Auction Settlement Terms (which 
it may choose in its sole discretion) in the circumstances set out in sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition of "No Auction Announcement Date"); and 
(b) 
the Auction Settlement Amount. 
Auction Settlement Date means either: 
(a) 
if "Settlement at Maturity" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the 
date that is five (5) Business Days following the later of: 
(i) 
the determination of the Auction Final Price; and 
(ii) 
the date on which the Hedge Amount has been determined; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the later of: 
(i) 
the Scheduled Redemption Date; and 
(ii) 
five (5) Business Days after the later of: 
(A) 
the determination of the Auction Final Price; and 
(B) 
the date on which the Hedge Amount has been determined. 
Bankruptcy means a Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they 
become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes 
effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy 
or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting 
creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of 
any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition: 
(i) 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or 
the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation; or 
(ii) 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty calendar 
days of the institution or presentation thereof;

--- Page 557 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
557 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially 
all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is 
not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty calendar days 
thereafter; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it, which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs (a) to (g) 
(inclusive) above. 
Bond means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation Category that is in 
the form of, or represented by, a bond, security (other than securities delivered pursuant to Loans), noted 
debt security or other debt security and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money obligation. 
Bond or Loan means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
Borrowed Money means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit arrangement 
for which there are no outstanding unpaid drawings in respect of nominal) for the payment or repayment 
of borrowed money (which term shall include, without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations 
arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit). 
Capped Reference Entity means a Reference Entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Cash Settlement means the settlement method in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2.2(c). 
Cash Settlement Amount means, in relation to any Reference Entity, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
Cash Settlement Amount = Max [0; N x (1-R)] 
where: 
"N" means the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount or the Exercise Amount, as the case may 
be; and 
"R" means (i) the Weighted Average Final Price, or (ii) if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or in the case of Fixed Recovery CLSs, the Final Price. 
Cash Settlement Date means either: 
(a) 
if "Settlement at Maturity" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the 
date that is the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if a number 
of Business Days is not specified, five (5) Business Days) after the later of: 
(i) 
calculation of the Weighted Average Final Price; and 
(ii) 
the date on which the Hedge Amount has been determined; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the later of: 
(i) 
the Scheduled Redemption Date; and 
(ii) 
five (5) Business Days after the later of:

--- Page 558 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
558 
(A) 
calculation of the Weighted Average Final Price; and 
(B) 
the date on which the Hedge Amount has been determined. 
Change in Law means, unless Change in Law is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that, on or after the Trade Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law, solvency or capital requirements), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority or financial authority), or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the relevant 
Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that: 
(a) 
it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Securities or it has become illegal to hold, 
acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Securities; or 
(b) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without limitation, 
in respect of any tax, solvency or capital requirements) in maintaining the Securities in issue or 
in holding, acquiring or disposing of any relevant hedge positions of the Securities. 
CIA Type 1 has the meaning set out in Credit Linked Condition 3.1(a)(i). 
CIA Type 2 has the meaning set out in Credit Linked Condition 3.1(a)(ii). 
CIA Type 3 has the meaning set out in Credit Linked Condition 3.1(a)(iii). 
CLS Business Day means, in respect of any Reference Entity, a day on which commercial banking and 
foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places specified in the 
applicable Final Terms for that purpose with respect to such Reference Entity, a TARGET2 Settlement 
Day (if "TARGET2 Settlement Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms for that purpose, or, if a 
place or places are not so specified, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
generally open to settlement payments in the jurisdiction of the currency of the related Floating Rate 
Payer Calculation Amount). 
CLS Dealer means (a) a dealer in obligations of the type of Obligation(s) (as the case may be) for which 
quotations are to be obtained (as selected by the Calculation Agent) and may include the Calculation 
Agent or its Affiliate and a Securityholder or its Affiliate or (b) such other dealer specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in 
the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees without 
the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, 
provided, however, that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable 
Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if a Reference Entity is guaranteeing 
such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, assignment or transfer so long as 
the terms of such Deliverable Obligation provide that such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation 
be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable 
Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation". 
Conditions to Settlement means, in relation to any Reference Entity: 
(a) 
the occurrence of an Event Determination Date; and 
(b) 
where the applicable Settlement Method is Physical Settlement (or Physical Settlement is 
applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method), the delivery of the Notice of Physical Settlement 
on or prior to the NOPS Cut-off Date,

--- Page 559 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
559 
to the extent that such Event Determination Date is not subsequently reversed prior to the Auction Final 
Price Determination Date, a Valuation Date, a Delivery Date or the Redemption Date, as applicable. 
Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation, which is a Valuation Obligation or 
Deliverable Obligation, as the case may be, determined in accordance with paragraph (b) of the definition 
of Deliverable Obligation. 
Consent Required Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with the consent of 
the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant 
borrower if a Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent, and, if specified as applicable to 
a Deliverable Obligation Category, the Consent Required Loan Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
shall be applicable only in respect of obligations within the Deliverable Obligation Category that are 
Loans. 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms means, in relation to any Reference Entity, the Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA, in accordance with the DC Rules, with respect 
to such Reference Entity, a form of which will be published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or 
any successor website thereto) from time to time and as may be amended from time to time in accordance 
with the DC Rules. 
Credit Derivatives Definitions means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as published by 
ISDA and, in addition, if Additional Provisions are specified to be applicable with respect to the Credit 
Linked Securities in the applicable Final Terms, as supplemented by the Additional Provisions. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee means each committee established by ISDA for 
purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions in connection with credit derivative transactions in the over-
the-counter market, as more fully described in the DC Rules. 
Credit Event means the occurrence of one or more of Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation 
Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental Intervention, 
as specified with respect to a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit Event 
whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of a Reference Entity to enter into any Obligation 
or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any 
Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation 
of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, 
order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other 
similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
Credit Event Backstop Date means (a) the Trade Date or (b) the date falling 60 calendar days prior to 
the Trade Date, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Credit Event Backstop Date 
is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, such date shall be the date falling 60 calendar days prior to 
the Trade Date. In each case, the Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
Credit Event Notice means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent (which may be in writing 
(including by facsimile and/or email and/or by telephone) to the relevant Issuer that describes a Credit 
Event that occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date (determined by reference to the Relevant 
Time) and on or prior to the Extension Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time). A Credit

--- Page 560 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
560 
Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that 
a Credit Event has occurred, provided that where an Event Determination Date has occurred pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (b) of the definition thereof, a reference to the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement 
shall suffice. The Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice need not be continuing on 
the date the Credit Event Notice is effective. 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the date, as 
publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was effective and on which the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available Information with 
respect to such DC Credit Event Question. 
Currency Amount means with respect to: 
(a) 
a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement or a selected Valuation 
Obligation that is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an amount 
converted to the Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by reference to the 
Currency Rate; and 
(b) 
a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, an amount 
converted to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back into the Settlement Currency) using 
a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency Rate, if any, and each Revised 
Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount 
specified in each NOPS Amendment Notice with respect to that portion of the Notional Credit 
Derivative Transaction into the currency of denomination of the relevant Replacement 
Deliverable Obligation. 
Currency Rate means with respect to: 
(a) 
a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a selected Valuation 
Obligation, the rate of conversion between the Settlement Currency and the currency in which 
the Outstanding Amount of such Deliverable Obligation or Valuation Obligation, as the case 
may be, is denominated that is either: 
(i) 
determined by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing 
Time; or 
(ii) 
if such rate is not available at such time, determined by the Calculation Agent in a 
commercially reasonable manner after consultation with the parties; and 
(b) 
a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the Revised 
Currency Rate. 
Currency Rate Source means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 4:00 p.m. 
(London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee. 
DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Announcement, 
the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or the date that is fourteen 
calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable. 
DC Credit Event Announcement means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public announcement 
by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an 
event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred with respect to such Reference Entity (or an Obligation 
thereof) on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date, provided that 
if the Credit Event occurred after the Scheduled Redemption Date, the DC Credit Event Announcement 
must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the 
relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date.

--- Page 561 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
561 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be convened 
to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
DC Credit Event Question means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a notice to the DC Secretary 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event 
that constitutes a Credit Event for the purposes of the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction (or any 
Hedge Transaction) has occurred. 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
DC No Credit Event Announcement means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public announcement 
by ISDA that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved, following a Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date, that the event that is the subject of the notice to ISDA resulting in the 
occurrence of such Credit Event Resolution Request Date does not constitute a Credit Event with respect 
to such Reference Entity (or an Obligation thereof). 
DC Resolution has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
DC Rules means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published by ISDA on its 
website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from time 
to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
DC Secretary has the meaning given to it in the DC Rules. 
Default Requirement means the amount as may be specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if a Default Requirement is not so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, U.S.$ 10,000,000, or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, in either 
case as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
Deliver means to deliver, novate, transfer (including in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit of 
the Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement of the applicable 
Specified Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking 
any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title (or, with respect to Specified Deliverable 
Obligations where only equitable title is customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in the 
Specified Deliverable Obligations to the relevant Securityholder or Securityholders free and clear of any 
and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding any liens routinely imposed on all securities in 
a relevant clearance system, but including, without limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than a 
counterclaim or defence based on the factors set out in paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of Credit 
Event above) or right of set-off by or of the Reference Entity or, as applicable any Underlying Obligor) 
provided that if a Specified Deliverable Obligation is a Guarantee, Deliver means to Deliver both the 
Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, provided further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, Deliver 
means to deliver the Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any amounts which are 
subject to such Fixed Cap. Delivery and Delivered will be construed accordingly. 
In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form of the 
documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time. 
Notwithstanding the previous sentence, in the case of a Loan, the relevant Issuer and each Securityholder 
agrees to comply, for the purposes of the settlement of the Credit Linked Securities with the provisions 
of any documentation (which term shall be deemed to include any market advisory that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to approve for such purpose) that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves constitutes documentation customarily used in the 
relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time, as such documentation may be amended to the 
extent the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves is appropriate, which is 
consistent with the delivery and payment obligations of the parties hereunder. The relevant Issuer agrees, 
and each Securityholder is deemed to further agree, that compliance by the relevant Issuer with the

--- Page 562 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
562 
provisions of any such documentation shall be required for, and, without further action, constitute, 
Delivery for the purposes of this definition (to the extent that such documentation contains provisions 
describing how Delivery should be effected) and neither the relevant Issuer nor any Securityholder shall 
be permitted to request that any party take nor shall the relevant Issuer or any Securityholder be required 
to take, any action or make any payment in connection with such Delivery, as applicable, unless otherwise 
contemplated by such documentation. 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (i) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable 
Bond specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as the case may be, 
may be satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset Package, and such Asset Package shall be treated as 
having the same currency, Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as 
the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately 
prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (ii) the above paragraph of this definition of Deliver shall be 
deemed to apply to each Asset in the Asset Package provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall 
be treated as if it were a Loan for these purposes, (iii) if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable (or equivalent amount in the Settlement 
Currency of the Securities) of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond otherwise 
due shall be deemed to have been Delivered in full three Business Days following the date on which the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice is delivered to Securityholders, (iv) the Issuer 
may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion, and (v) if the 
relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed 
to be an amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value. 
Deliverable Obligation means any of: 
(a) 
the Reference Obligation(s) (if any); 
(b) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee), 
described by the Deliverable Obligation Category specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (as of the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that such obligations are 
Deliverable Obligations); 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured 
Deliverable Obligation: and 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if "Financial 
Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in respect of the Reference Entity in the 
applicable Final Terms) or any Package Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign), 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation; and (ii) provided that the obligation has 
an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount which is greater than zero (determined for 
the purposes of paragraph (d) above of this definition, immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit 
Event). 
For purposes of assessing the applicability of Deliverable Obligation Characteristics and the requirements 
specified in the definition of Mod R and Mod Mod R to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond, any such assessment shall be made by reference to the terms of the relevant Obligation 
in effect immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
Where "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, if a Deliverable Obligation would otherwise satisfy the Maximum Maturity Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions in the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation shall not cause such Deliverable Obligation to fail to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic.

--- Page 563 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
563 
Deliverable Obligation Category means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligations 
Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan as specified in relation to a Reference Entity in the applicable Final 
Terms. If any of Payment, Borrowed Money, Loan or Bond or Loan is specified as the Deliverable 
Obligation Category and more than one of Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan and Direct Loan 
Participation are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, the Deliverable Obligations may 
include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need 
not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics. No Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are 
applicable to Reference Obligations Only. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics means any of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not 
Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic Issuance, 
Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, 
Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and "Direct Loan Participation" are 
specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics in the applicable Final Terms, the Deliverable 
Obligation may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics. 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the 
determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or 
suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such 
obligation to fail to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions, in relation to any Reference Entity, has the meaning set forth in the 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
Deliverable Obligation Terms, in relation to any Reference Entity, has the meaning set forth in the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
Deliverable/Valuation Obligation Accrued Interest means: 
(a) 
If "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the relevant Valuation Obligation or the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered shall include accrued but unpaid interest; 
(b) 
If "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the relevant Valuation Obligation or the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered shall not include accrued but unpaid interest; or 
(c) 
If neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine based on the then current market 
practice in the market of the relevant Valuation Obligation or Deliverable Obligations, as the 
case may be, whether the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Valuation Obligation or 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Valuation Obligation shall include or exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest and, if applicable, the amount thereof. 
Delivery Date means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the date such Deliverable Obligation is 
Delivered. 
Direct Loan Participation means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a participation agreement, the 
relevant Issuer is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour of each 
Securityholder that provides each Securityholder with recourse to the participation seller for a specified 
share in any payments due under the relevant Loan which are received by such participation seller, any 
such agreement to be entered into between each Securityholder and either:

--- Page 564 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
564 
(a) 
the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) (in either case, to the extent that the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable), is then a lender or member of the relevant lending 
syndicate); or 
(b) 
a Qualifying Participation Seller (if any) (to the extent such Qualifying Participation Seller is 
then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate). 
Domestic Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms in relation to a 
Reference Entity and any successor currency thereto (or if no currency is so specified, the lawful currency 
and any successor currency of: 
(a) 
the relevant Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign; or 
(b) 
the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not 
a Sovereign). 
Domestic Law means each of the laws of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference 
Entity is not a Sovereign. 
Downstream Affiliate means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of issuance of 
the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference Entity. 
Due and Payable Amount means the amount that is due and payable by the relevant Reference Entity 
under the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise (excluding 
sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts) less all or any 
portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) is subject to any Prohibited 
Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), 
in each case, determined in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (1) the NOPS 
Effective Date (or, if the terms of the obligation are amended after such date but on or prior to the Delivery 
Date, the Delivery Date) or (2) the Valuation Date, as applicable. 
Eligible Information means information which is publicly available or which can be made public without 
violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information. 
Eligible Transferee means: 
(a) 
any of: 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an entity 
specified in sub-paragraph (c)(i) below); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least U.S.$500 million; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in sub-paragraph (a) above; 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of 
collateralised debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other special purpose 
vehicle) that:

--- Page 565 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
565 
(A) 
has total assets of at least U.S.$100 million; or 
(B) 
is one of a group of investment vehicles under common control or management 
having, in the aggregate, total assets of at least U.S.$ 100 million; or 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least U.S.$500 million; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed or 
otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support, or other agreement by an 
entity described in sub-paragraph (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d) hereof; and 
(d) 
(i) any Sovereign, or (ii) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement 
between two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International 
Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
All references in this definition to U.S.$ include equivalent amounts in other currencies, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
Escrow means, if Escrow is specified in relation to a Reference Entity as applicable, either the relevant 
Issuer or any Securityholder may require that physical settlement take place through the use of an Escrow 
Agent (in the case of any such request by a Securityholder, solely in relation to the Securities held by 
such Securityholder). Any costs or expenses incurred in connection with establishing such escrow 
arrangement shall be borne by the relevant Securityholder. 
Escrow Agent means an independent third party financial institution (a) specified by the relevant Issuer 
prior to the Physical Settlement Date or (b) specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case subject 
to the terms of the escrow arrangement. 
Event Determination Date means, in respect of any Credit Event: 
(a) 
if "Auction Settlement" is the applicable Settlement Method specified in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
subject to sub-paragraph (ii) below, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery 
Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional 
Period, provided that neither (A) a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred nor 
(B) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to 
the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(ii) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (i) above, the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if 
a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including, 
unless specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, prior to the Trade Date) and 
either: 
(A) 
(I) 
the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage 
Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
(I) 
the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer and is effective on or prior to the Exercise Cut-off Date, 
provided that: 
(1) 
no Physical Settlement Date, if applicable, or Cash Settlement Date has occurred on or 
prior to the date on which the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs;

--- Page 566 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
566 
(2) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred on or prior to the 
date on which the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs, an Event 
Determination Date shall be deemed to have occurred only with respect to the portion 
of the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount, if any, with respect to which no 
Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred; and 
(3) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only Credit Event 
has previously been delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer, (aa) unless the 
M(M)R Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice is also the subject of the 
DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, (bb) unless, and to the extent that, the Exercise Amount specified in such 
Credit Event Notice was less than the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount, or (cc) 
unless the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction is an Auction Covered Transaction 
and the Deliverable Obligations set out on the Final List are identical to the Permissible 
Deliverable Obligations for such Notional Credit Derivative Transaction, or 
(b) 
where paragraph (a) above does not apply, the Non-Standard Event Determination Date. 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity and unless provided otherwise 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components have 
been stripped; and 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date of 
the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
Excluded Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity and unless provided otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(b) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction constitutes a Senior Transaction in respect of the 
Reference Entity, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or 
Restructuring has occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction constitutes a Subordinated Transaction in respect 
of the Reference Entity, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention 
or Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation. 
Exercise Amount has the meaning set out in Credit Linked Condition 8.1 (Multiple Credit Event Notices). 
Exercise Cut-off Date means either: 
(a) 
where the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of 
Event Determination Date applies: 
(i) 
if the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five 
Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such Final List is published; 
or

--- Page 567 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
567 
(i) 
otherwise, the date that is fourteen calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date; or 
(b) 
with respect to a Credit Event to which sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Event 
Determination Date does not apply, the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date; 
or, in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves 
Extended Physical Settlement Date means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Capped Reference Entity, the 60th CLS Business Day following the Physical 
Settlement Date, provided that if, under the terms of a Hedge Transaction, the Original Bonds 
and Original Loans, may not be received by the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates on or 
before the Extended Physical Settlement Date but the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates 
may, in accordance with the terms of the Hedge Transaction, receive or otherwise obtain such 
Original Bonds or such Original Loans or other Bonds or Loans in lieu thereof on or before the 
date falling three (3) CLS Business Days (in a case where Original Bonds may be received or 
otherwise obtained after the Extended Physical Settlement Date) or ten (10) CLS Business Days 
(in a case where Original Loans or other Loans or Bonds in lieu thereof may be received or 
otherwise obtained after the Extended Physical Settlement Date) after the Extended Physical 
Settlement Date, such date may be further extended to a date falling up to three (3) CLS Business 
Days or ten (10) CLS Business Days, respectively, after the original Extended Physical 
Settlement Date, or to such earlier date as the Calculation Agent may determine, in its absolute 
discretion; and 
(b) 
in the case of a Non-Capped Reference Entity, such date as the Calculation Agent may determine 
in its absolute discretion, provided that such date falls no later than the 120th CLS Business Day 
following the Physical Settlement Date or, in the absence of such determination, such 120th CLS 
Business Day following the Physical Settlement Date. 
Extension Date means the latest of: 
(a) 
(i) the Scheduled Redemption Date (or any other date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms) or, (ii) if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, such other date falling such number 
of calendar or Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms immediately preceding the 
Scheduled Redemption Date or, (iii) if applicable, the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date if: 
(i) 
Failure to Pay is an applicable Credit Event in relation to any Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in relation to such Reference Entity; 
and 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent delivers an Extension Notice under sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition thereof; and 
(c) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date if: 
(i) 
Repudiation/Moratorium is an applicable Credit Event in relation to any Reference 
Entity; and 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent delivers an Extension Notice under sub-paragraph (c) of the 
definition thereof. 
Extension Notice means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and the Securityholders giving 
notice of the following in relation to a Reference Entity:

--- Page 568 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
568 
(a) 
without prejudice to sub-paragraph (b), (c) or (d) below, that a Credit Event has occurred or may 
occur on or prior to the Scheduled Redemption Date; or 
(b) 
that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred or may occur on or prior to the Scheduled Redemption 
Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time); or 
(c) 
that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred or may occur on or prior to the Scheduled 
Redemption Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time); or 
(d) 
that a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred or may occur on or prior to the last 
day of the Notice Delivery Period. 
Failure to Pay means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any 
conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by a Reference Entity to 
make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment 
Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time 
of such failure. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction of 
such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time of 
the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the 
redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, nominal or premium 
payable (as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of such 
redenomination. 
If "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does not directly or 
indirectly result either from, or result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of 
the relevant Reference Entity. In such case, any determination as to whether a "Failure to Pay" has 
occurred is to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner), for which purposes, the Calculation Agent may take into account any guidance provided in the 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement. 
For the purpose of the above, "2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement" means the Narrowly 
Tailored Credit Event Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, published by ISDA 
on 15 July 2019. 
Fair Market Value Trigger has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 2.7. 
Fallback Settlement Event means: 
(a) 
an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; 
(b) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs (and in circumstances where the No Auction 
Announcement Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) and (c)(ii) of the definition thereof, 
the Calculation Agent has not exercised the Movement Option by delivery of a Notice to Exercise 
Movement Option to the Issuer and the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices)); 
(c) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs; 
(d) 
an Event Determination Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Event Determination Date", and no Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred within 
three (3) Business Days of such Event Determination Date; or 
(e) 
an Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to sub-paragraph (b)(ii)(B)(II)(2) of the 
definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date".

--- Page 569 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
569 
Fallback Settlement Method means Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the applicable Final Terms do not specify the Fallback Settlement Method, the 
Fallback Settlement Method shall be Cash Settlement. 
Final List has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
Final List Publication Date means, in respect of a Credit Event, the date on which the last Final List in 
respect of such Credit Event is published by ISDA. 
Final Price means (a) the price of the Reference Obligation and/or any Valuation Obligation and/or 
Undeliverable Obligation, expressed as a percentage determined in accordance with the highest Quotation 
obtained by the Calculation Agent (or otherwise in accordance with the definition of "Quotation") with 
respect to the Relevant Valuation Date, or (b) in the case of Fixed Recovery CLSs, an amount equal to 
the Fixed Recovery Percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
First Ranking Interest means an Interest which is expressed as being "first ranking", "first priority", or 
similar (First Ranking) in the document creating such Interest (notwithstanding that such Interest may not 
be First Ranking under any insolvency laws of any relevant insolvency jurisdiction of the LPN Issuer). 
Fixed Cap means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of the 
Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided that 
a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with one or more variable 
inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant to the 
Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs). 
Fixed Recovery CLS means Credit Linked Securities specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
in respect of which the Final Price is the Fixed Recovery Percentage. 
Fixed Recovery Percentage means, in respect of a Fixed Recovery CLS, a percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount means the amount as set out in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, if no such amount is specified, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities divided 
by the number of Reference Entities), subject to Credit Linked Condition 6 (Succession Event). 
Full Quotation means, in accordance with the bid quotations provided by the CLS Dealers, each firm 
quotation (expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal Balance) obtained from a CLS Dealer 
at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the Reference Obligation, 
Deliverable Obligation or, as the case may be, Undeliverable Obligations with an Outstanding Principal 
Balance equal to the Quotation Amount. 
Fully Transferable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case of 
Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent of any 
person being required in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case as of both 
the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date. Any requirement that notification of novation, 
assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative 
agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a 
requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of "Fully Transferable Obligation". 
Fully Principal Protected CLSs means Credit Linked Securities to which "Fully Principal Protected 
CLS" is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Further Subordinated Obligation means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as 
applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation, which is Subordinated thereto. 
Governmental Authority means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department 
thereof);

--- Page 570 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
570 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational 
body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or 
charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of 
a Reference Entity or some or all of its obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority, which is analogous to any of the entities, specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) 
above. 
Governmental Intervention means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events 
occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made, by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or 
by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in 
each case, applicable to a Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event 
is expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by 
way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual 
of interest or (B) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of the 
Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(d) 
any event, which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) 
of this definition. 
For purposes of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations 
for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
Grace Period means: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the applicable grace period with respect to payments 
under and in accordance with the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the date as of which 
such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if Grace Period Extension is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms in relation 
to the relevant Reference Entity, a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the 
Scheduled Redemption Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) and the applicable 
grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled Redemption Date 
(determined by reference to the Relevant Time), the Grace Period shall be deemed to be the 
lesser of such grace period and the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
no period is specified, thirty calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect to 
payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three (3) Grace Period Business 
Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three (3) Grace Period

--- Page 571 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
571 
Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided that, unless Grace Period 
Extension is specified in relation to the relevant Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, 
such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled Redemption Date. 
Grace Period Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose in the 
relevant Obligation and if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the Obligation Currency is the euro, 
a TARGET2 Business Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the 
Obligation Currency 
Grace Period Extension Date means, if: 
(a) 
Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in relation to a Reference Entity in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Redemption Date (determined by 
reference to the Relevant Time), 
the date that is the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. 
If Grace Period Extension is not specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, Grace Period Extension 
shall not apply. 
Guarantee means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee, which is the Reference Obligation. 
Hedge Amount means: 
(a) 
if "One-Way Hedge Amount" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency, subject to a minimum of zero, determined by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, expenses (including loss of funding), tax, and duties 
incurred by the relevant Issuer (and/or its Affiliates on its behalf) in connection with the 
redemption of the Credit Linked Securities and/or the termination, settlement or re-establishment 
of any Hedge Transaction on or around the Event Determination Date, provided that in the case 
of Leveraged CLSs the notional amount of each Hedge Transaction terminated, settled or re-
established will reflect the leveraged Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount of the Reference 
Entity affected by the Credit Event; 
(b) 
if "Two-Way Hedge Amount" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency (which may be expressed as a positive number or a negative number) 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs and gains 
incurred by the relevant Issuer and/or its Affiliates on its behalf in connection with the 
redemption of the Credit Linked Securities and/or the termination, settlement or re-establishment 
of any Hedge Transaction on or around the Event Determination Date, provided that in the case 
of Leveraged CLSs the notional amount of each Hedge Transaction terminated, settled or re-
established will reflect the leveraged Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount of the Reference 
Entity affected by the Credit Event (where a cost will be expressed as a positive number and a 
gain as a negative number); or 
(c) 
if Hedge Amount is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, zero. 
Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, if applicable, and/or any of their respective Affiliates 
is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge any relevant price risk of the relevant Issuer issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Securities, or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) or any relevant hedge 
positions relating to the Securities.

--- Page 572 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
572 
Hedge Disruption Event means the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates has not received the 
relevant: 
(a) 
Deliverable Obligations (including in circumstances where the relevant Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates acting on its behalf is not able to acquire Deliverable Obligations) (i) in the relevant 
auction settlement process for any reason (including in circumstances where the relevant Issuer 
or any such Affiliate gives settlement orders to a participating dealer and such orders are not 
accepted or remain unfulfilled, in whole or in part) or (ii) at an amount equal to the Auction Final 
Price (determined by the Calculation Agent, as if Auction Settlement had been specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms on the basis of the Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and the Securityholders under the Notice 
of Physical Settlement); and/or 
(b) 
cash, 
under the terms of a Hedge Transaction. 
Hedge Transaction means any transaction or trading position entered into or held by the relevant Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates to hedge, directly or indirectly, the relevant Issuer's obligations or positions 
(whether in whole or in part) in respect of the Credit Linked Securities (including, without limitation, any 
rate swap transaction, swap option, basis swap, forward rate transaction, commodity swap, commodity 
option, equity or equity index swap, interest rate option, currency transaction, asset swap transaction, 
credit derivative transaction, funding transaction such as, but not limited to, an internal funding 
arrangement or a repurchase transaction or bond position, and including, in the case of Credit Linked 
Securities that are also Bond Linked Securities, any such transaction or trading position entered into or 
held to hedge obligations or positions in respect of the relevant Bonds). Solely with respect to and for 
purpose of any Hedge Transactions that are credit derivative transactions, the relevant Issuer will be 
"Seller". 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, 
re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary 
to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and 
interest rate risk) of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (if applicable), in issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due 
to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any 
of their respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Interest means, for the purposes of the definition of "First Ranking Interest", a charge, security interest 
or other type of interest having similar effect. 
ISDA means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor thereto). 
Largest Asset Package means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of principal has been or 
will be exchanged or converted (including by way of amendment), as determined by the Calculation 
Agent at such time and on such date as the Calculation Agent (in its sole and absolute discretion may 
select) by reference to Eligible Information. If not so determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the 
package of Assets with the highest immediately realisable value, determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the methodology, if any, determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee. 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan means, in respect of a Reference Entity and a Credit Event 
that is a Restructuring, the Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final redemption date.

--- Page 573 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
573 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date means, in respect of partial cash settlement due to a 
Potential Cash Settlement Event, 30 calendar days following the Physical Settlement Date and, where 
Partial Cash Settlement is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) in respect of a 
Deliverable Obligation comprised of Loans, the date that is 15 CLS Business Days after the Physical 
Settlement Date (or, in either case, any earlier date designated by the Calculation Agent following any 
determination by the Calculation Agent that the relevant Issuer, or the Delivery Agent on its behalf, is or 
will be unable to or it will be impractical for the relevant Issuer or the Delivery Agent on its behalf to 
Deliver all or any portion of the Deliverable Obligations specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement). 
Legacy Reference Entity has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Condition 6.2(b). 
Leveraged CLS means a Credit Linked Security for which "Leveraged CLS" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Limitation Date means the first of March 20, June 20, September 20 or December 20 in any year to occur 
on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years after the Restructuring 
Date: 2.5 years (the 2.5-year Limitation Date), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 years (the 10-year Limitation 
Date), 12.5 years, 15 years or 20 years, as applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be subject to adjustment 
unless the applicable Final Terms specify an adjustment to Limitation Date(s) in accordance with a 
Business Day Convention (the Limitation Date Adjustment) specified for such purpose in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Linear Basket CLS means Credit Linked Securities (other than Nth-to-Default CLSs) where the relevant 
Issuer purchases credit protection from the Securityholders in respect of a basket of Reference Entities, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Listed means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an exchange and, if 
specified as applicable to an Obligation Category, the "Listed" Obligation Characteristic shall be 
applicable only in respect of obligations within that Obligation Category that are Bonds or, if specified as 
applicable to a Deliverable Obligation Category, the "Listed" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall 
be applicable only in respect of obligations within that Deliverable Obligation Category that are Bonds. 
Loan means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money Obligation Category that is 
documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement and 
shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
London Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
generally open to settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
LPN means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note. 
LPN Issuer means, in respect of any LPN, the entity, which issued the relevant LPN. 
LPN Reference Obligation means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional Obligation, 
which is issued for the sole purpose of providing funds to the LPN Issuer to finance an Underlying Loan. 
Any change to the issuer of an LPN Reference Obligation in accordance with its terms shall not prevent 
such LPN Reference Obligation from constituting a Reference Obligation. 
M(M)R Restructuring means a "Restructuring" Credit Event in respect of which either "Mod R" or "Mod 
Mod R" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maximum Maturity means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater than: 
(a) 
the period specified in relation to a Reference Entity; or 
(b) 
if no such period is so specified, 30 years.

--- Page 574 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
574 
For purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Maximum Maturity", 
remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation in effect 
at the time of making such determination, and in the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and 
payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero. 
Merger Event means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date to 
(but excluding) the Scheduled Redemption Date (i) the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) or 
a Reference Entity consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all 
of its assets to, a Reference Entity, the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor as applicable, or (ii) (if applicable) 
the Guarantor and a Reference Entity or the relevant Issuer and a Reference Entity become Affiliates. 
Merger Event Redemption Date means the date specified by the relevant Issuer in the notice to 
Securityholders. 
Minimum Quotation Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) or, if no amount is so specified, the lower of: U.S.$ 
1,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency); and the Quotation Amount. 
Modified Eligible Transferee means any bank, financial institution or other entity, which is regularly 
engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, securities and other 
financial assets. 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, 
the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Redemption Date. Subject to 
the foregoing, if the Scheduled Redemption Date is later than the 10-year Limitation Date, the Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Redemption Date. 
Movement Option means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring to which a No Auction 
Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition thereof, the 
option of the Calculation Agent to apply for purposes of settlement, the Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms, if any, for purposes of which the Permissible Deliverable Obligations are more limited than the 
Deliverable Obligations that the Issuer could specify in any Notice of Physical Settlement or, as the case 
may be, which could be selected as Valuation Obligations by the Calculation Agent (provided that if more 
than one such set of Parallel Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms specifying the greatest number of such Permissible Deliverable Obligations shall apply). If the 
Calculation Agent does not deliver an effective Notice to Exercise Movement Option to the Issuer on or 
prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, the Fallback Settlement Method shall apply. 
Movement Option Cut-off Date means the date that is one Relevant City Business Day following the 
Exercise Cut-off Date applicable to the Issuer, or such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved. 
Multiple Holder Obligation means an Obligation that: 
(a) 
at the time of the event which constitutes a "Restructuring" Credit Event is held by more than 
three (3) holders that are not Affiliates of each other; and 
(b) 
with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the Obligation 
as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six and two-thirds is required to 
consent to the event which constitutes a "Restructuring" Credit Event, 
provided that any Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement in paragraph (b) 
above. 
Next Currency Fixing Time means 4.00 p.m. (London time) on the London Business Day immediately 
following the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, is effective or, as applicable, the date of selection of Valuation Obligations.

--- Page 575 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
575 
No Auction Announcement Date means, with respect to any Reference Entity, the date on which the 
DC Secretary first publicly announces that: 
(a) 
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, Parallel Auction Settlement Terms 
will be published with respect to credit derivative transactions in the over-the-counter market 
and the relevant Credit Event and Reference Entity; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event which is an M(M)R Restructuring, no Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be 
published; or 
(c) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no Auction will be 
held following a prior public announcement by the DC Secretary to the contrary, in 
circumstances where either (i) no Parallel Auction will be held or (ii) one or more Parallel 
Auctions will be held. 
No Standard Reference Obligation means if the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the 
SRO List and not immediately replaced, such obligation shall cease to be a Reference Obligation (other 
than for the purpose of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) and there shall be no Reference Obligation unless and until such 
obligation is subsequently replaced on the SRO List, in which case, the new Standard Reference 
Obligation in respect of the relevant Reference Entity shall constitute the Reference Obligation for it. 
Non-Capped Reference Entity means a Reference Entity, which is not a Capped Reference Entity. 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is not a Conforming 
Reference Obligation. 
Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation means an obligation which would be a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (b) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation on 
the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which resulted in the Reference Obligation 
constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on the date it was issued or incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as applicable). 
Non-Financial Instrument means any Asset, which is not of the type typically traded in, or suitable for 
being traded in, financial markets. 
Non-Standard Event Determination Date means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) below, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs 
during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional Period, provided that 
neither (i) a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred nor (ii) a DC No Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit 
Event Notice; or 
(b) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred and the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice 
Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) either: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either: 
(A) 
(I) 
"Auction Settlement" is not specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms; 
(II) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(III) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to the date of the DC Credit Event 
Announcement; or

--- Page 576 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
576 
(B) 
(I) 
either: 
(1) 
"Auction Settlement" is specified as being applicable in the 
Final Terms; or 
(2) 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer and is effective on or prior to the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-
off Date, or 
(ii) 
the first date on which a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to 
the Issuer and is effective during either the Notice Delivery Period or (if later) the period 
from and including the date of the DC Credit Event Announcement to and including the 
date that is fourteen calendar days thereafter (provided, in each case, that the relevant 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of 
the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)), if either: 
(A) 
(I) 
"Auction Settlement" is not specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms; 
(II) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(III) 
the Trade Date occurs following the date of the related DC Credit 
Event Announcement and on or prior to a DC Announcement 
Coverage Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
(I) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage 
Cut-off Date; and 
(II) 
either: 
(1) 
"Auction Settlement" is not specified as being applicable in 
the Final Terms; or 
(2) 
"Auction Settlement" is specified as being applicable in the 
Final Terms and a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer and is effective on a date that 
is later than the relevant Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off 
Date; 
provided that: 
(aa) 
no Physical Settlement Date, if applicable, or Cash Settlement Date has occurred on or 
prior to the date on which the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs; 
(bb) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred on or prior to the 
date on which the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs, a Non-Standard 
Event Determination Date shall be deemed to have occurred only with respect to the 
portion of the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount, if any, with respect to which 
no Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred; and 
(cc) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only Credit Event 
has previously been delivered to the Issuer by the Calculation Agent, (i) unless the 
M(M)R Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice is also the subject of the 
DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, (ii) unless, and to the extent that, the Exercise Amount specified in any 
such Credit Event Notice was less than the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount or 
(iii) unless the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction is an Auction Covered

--- Page 577 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
577 
Transaction and the Deliverable Obligations set out on the Final List are identical to 
the Permissible Deliverable Obligations for such Credit Derivative Transaction. 
In case more than one of the options described above may apply for the purpose of determining the Non-
Standard Event Determination Date, the Calculation Agent will in its sole and absolute discretion, select 
the relevant option to be applied in accordance with the equivalent provisions of any related underlying 
hedging arrangements entered into in respect of the Credit Linked Securities, whether such hedging 
arrangement is held directly by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or indirectly through an Affiliate. 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date means: 
(a) 
if the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(i) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, if 
any; 
(ii) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
(iii) 
the date that is fourteen calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, 
if any, as applicable; or 
(b) 
if the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and: 
(i) 
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five 
Relevant City Business Days, following the date on which such Final List is published; 
or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is fourteen calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date. 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation means the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation (if any) 
or, if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
Non-Transferable Instrument means any Asset, which is not capable of being transferred to institutional 
investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
NOPS Amendment Notice means a notice from by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer (after consultation 
with the Issuer) notifying it, that the Calculation Agent has determined that the relevant Issuer must 
replace, in whole or in part, one or more Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation has not been Delivered as of the date such NOPS Amendment Notice is effective) or the 
detailed description(s) thereof.  A NOPS Amendment Notice shall contain a revised detailed description 
of each Replacement Deliverable Obligation and shall also specify the Replaced Deliverable Obligation 
Outstanding Amount. The Outstanding Amount of each Replacement Deliverable Obligation identified 
in a NOPS Amendment Notice shall be determined by applying the Revised Currency Rate to the relevant 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount. Each such NOPS Amendment Notice must be 
effective on or prior to the Physical Settlement Date (determined without reference to any change resulting 
from such NOPS Amendment Notice). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Calculation Agent may 
correct any errors or inconsistencies in the detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation contained 
in any NOPS Amendment Notice by notice to the Issuer (given in the manner specified in the definition 
of "Physical Settlement Notice") prior to the relevant Delivery Date, it being understood that such notice 
of correction shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment Notice and (ii) if Asset Package Delivery is 
applicable and such Asset Package is not described in the NOPS Amendment Notice, the Calculation 
Agent shall on the NOPS Effective Date or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, give the Issuer 
and the Securityholders notice of a detailed description of the Asset Package, if any, that the Issuer is 
required to Deliver to the Securityholders in lieu of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond, if any, specified in the NOPS Amendment Notice, it being understood that such notice 
shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment Notice.

--- Page 578 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
578 
NOPS Cut-off Date means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) below, the later of: 
(i) 
the thirtieth calendar day after the Event Determination Date; and 
(ii) 
the tenth calendar day after either the date of the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement or of the relevant DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, if any (or, if the 
relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, the tenth calendar day after the Non-
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date); or 
(b) 
if "Physical Settlement" is applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Method and: 
(i) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, the later of (A) the date 
determined pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(i) and (B) the thirtieth calendar day after the 
Auction Cancellation Date or the No Auction Announcement Date occurring pursuant 
to sub-paragraphs (a) or (c)(i) of the definition thereof, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(A) 
the later of: 
(I) 
the date determined pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(i) above; and 
(II) 
the thirtieth calendar day after: 
(1) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (a) of the definition thereof, if any; 
(2) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (c)(i) of the definition thereof, if any; or 
(3) 
the Auction Cancellation Date, if any, as applicable; or 
(B) 
the later of the Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date (or, if more than 
one should occur, the last Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date), and the 
Relevant City Business Day immediately following the Parallel Auction 
Cancellation Date, if any (or, if more than one should occur, the last Parallel 
Auction Cancellation Date), as applicable, in circumstances where either: 
(I) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to sub-
paragraph (b) of the definition thereof and Notice of Movement 
Option has not been delivered as a result thereof; or 
(II) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to sub-
paragraph (c)(ii) of the definition thereof and Notice of Movement 
Option has not been delivered as a result thereof, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (a)(ii) and (b) above, the relevant Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, if any, occurred on or prior to the date described in sub-paragraph (a)(i) above. 
NOPS Effective Date means the date on which an effective Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as the case may be, is delivered by the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Valuation Obligation is chosen by the Calculation Agent to form part of the Valuation Obligations 
Portfolio. 
Not Bearer means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with respect to such 
bearer instrument are cleared via Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other internationally 
recognised clearing system and, if specified as applicable to a Deliverable Obligation Category, the Not

--- Page 579 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
579 
Bearer Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be applicable only in respect of obligations within that 
Deliverable Obligation Category that are Bonds. 
Not Domestic Currency means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than the applicable 
Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute a Domestic 
Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance means any obligation other than an obligation that was, at the time the relevant 
obligation was issued (or reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the 
domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity. Any obligation that is registered or, as a result of some 
other action having been taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside the domestic market of the 
relevant Reference Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale 
within the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued, 
as the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the Reference 
Entity. 
If the Obligation Characteristic "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though "Not Domestic Issuance" had been specified as an 
Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
If the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
Not Domestic Law means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable Domestic Law, provided 
that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute a Domestic Law. 
Not Sovereign Lender means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (a) a Sovereign or (b) any 
entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more Sovereigns 
including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, 
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations generally referred to as "Paris Club 
debt". 
Not Subordinated means, in respect of a Reference Entity, an obligation of the Reference Entity that is 
not Subordinated to (a) the Reference Obligation or (b) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable. 
Notice Cut-Off Date has the meaning set out in Credit Linked Condition 4.7(b) (Procedure by the 
relevant Issuer and others). 
Notice Delivery Date means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice and, unless 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
an effective Notice of Publicly Available Information, have been delivered to the Issuer by the Calculation 
Agent.  
Notice Delivery Period means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including the date 
fifteen CLS Business Days (or such other number of days as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) after the Extension Date (or, if the relevant Credit Event is a M(M)R Restructuring, the later of: 
(a) 
such date; and 
(b) 
the date that is 65 Business Days following the Final List Publication Date). 
Notice of Physical Settlement means a notice delivered from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and the 
Securityholders on or prior to the later of: 
(a) 
65 CLS Business Days following the Final List Publication Date;

--- Page 580 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
580 
(b) 
subject to sub-paragraph (c) below, 25 CLS Business Days after the last to occur of the Auction 
Cancellation Date, the No Auction Announcement Date, the last Parallel Auction Cancellation 
Date and the last Parallel Auction Final Price Determination Date (in each case if any and if 
applicable); and 
(c) 
in circumstances where the No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (b) of the definition thereof, the Calculation Agent has not delivered an Auction 
Settlement Amount Notice specifying an applicable Parallel Auction Settlement Terms to the 
Issuer by the Restructuring Exercise Date, five (5) CLS Business Days following such 
Restructuring Exercise Date, 
that: 
(i) 
confirms that the relevant Issuer will redeem the Credit Linked Securities by physical 
delivery in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4 (Physical Settlement); 
(ii) 
contains a detailed description of the Deliverable Obligations that the relevant Issuer 
will Deliver (or procure Delivery of) to the Securityholders, including, if available and 
applicable, the ISIN number (or, if such identifying number is not available or 
applicable, the rate and tenor) of each such Deliverable Obligation and the Outstanding 
Amount (which shall be selected by the Calculation Agent in consultation with the 
Issuer); 
(iii) 
specifies the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (the 
"Outstanding Amount") and, if different, the face amount, of each such Deliverable 
Obligation and the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Deliverable Obligations; 
(iv) 
sets out the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms applicable for the purposes of 
determining the Auction Final Price for the purposes of determining the occurrence of 
a Hedge Disruption Event (if applicable); and 
(v) 
sets out the Final Price and the Auction Final Price with respect to each Deliverable 
Obligation for the purposes of determining the Partial Cash Settlement Amount (if any). 
In relation to Credit Linked Securities (other than Leveraged CLSs), the Notice of Physical Settlement 
shall specify Deliverable Obligations having an Outstanding Amount (or the equivalent specified 
Currency Amount converted at the Currency Rate) on the Settlement Valuation Date equal to the Floating 
Rate Payer Calculation Amount (or, as applicable, Exercise Amount), subject to any Physical Settlement 
Adjustment. 
In relation to Leveraged CLSs, the Notice of Physical Settlement shall specify Deliverable Obligations 
having an Outstanding Amount (or the equivalent specified Currency Amount converted at the Currency 
Rate) such that their value on the Settlement Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
its sole discretion is equal to: 
PA - [N × (1 - MV)] 
subject to any Physical Settlement Adjustment; 
where: 
"MV" is an amount equal to the market value of the Deliverable Obligation on or around the 
Settlement Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion; 
"N" means the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount or the Exercise Amount, as the case may 
be; and 
"PA" is an amount equal to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Leveraged CLSs 
(if they are represented by a Global Security) or the Calculation Amount multiplied by the

--- Page 581 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
581 
Calculation Amount Factor (if the Leveraged CLSs are in definitive form) (or, if they are Partly 
Paid Securities, the aggregate amount paid up). 
The Calculation Agent may, from time to time, deliver to the Issuer in the manner specified above a NOPS 
Amendment Notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Calculation Agent may correct any errors or 
inconsistencies in the detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation contained in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement by notice to the Issuer (given in the manner specified above) prior to the relevant 
Delivery Date, it being understood that such notice of correction shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment 
Notice and (ii) if Asset Package Delivery is applicable and such Asset Package is not described in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement, the Calculation Agent shall on the NOPS Effective Date or as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter, give the Issuer and the Securityholders notice of a detailed description 
of the Asset Package, if any, that the Issuer is required to Deliver to the Securityholders in lieu of the 
Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, if any, specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement it being understood in each case that such notice shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment 
Notice. 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent 
(which may be by telephone) to the relevant Issuer that cites Publicly Available Information confirming 
the occurrence of the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the 
Credit Event Notice. The notice must contain a copy, or a description in reasonable detail, of the relevant 
Publicly Available Information. If Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms and a Credit Event Notice contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event 
Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. Where an Event 
Determination Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition thereof or where a 
Non-Standard Event Determination Date has occurred pursuant to paragraph (b) of the definition thereof, 
a reference to the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement shall be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information. 
Notice to Exercise Movement Option means where M(M)R Restructuring is applicable and the Fallback 
Settlement Method would otherwise be applicable, an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to 
the Issuer that (i) specifies the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms which will be applicable in accordance 
with the definition of Movement Option and (ii) is effective on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off 
Date. 
Notional Credit Derivative Transaction means, with respect to any Credit Linked Security and a 
Reference Entity, a hypothetical market standard credit default swap transaction entered into by the 
relevant Issuer, as Buyer (as defined in the 2014 Credit Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA), 
incorporating the terms of the 2014 Credit Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA and under the 
terms of which: 
(a) 
the "Trade Date" is the Trade Date, if specified in the applicable Final Terms and if no such 
Trade Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issue Date; 
(b) 
the "Scheduled Termination Date" is the Scheduled Redemption Date; 
(c) 
the "Reference Entit(y)(ies)" thereunder is (are) such Reference Entit(y)(ies); and 
(d) 
the remaining terms as to credit linkage are consistent with the terms of such Credit Linked 
Security as it relates to such Reference Entity. 
Nth means, where the applicable Final Terms specify that "Nth-to-Default CLS" is applicable, such 
number as may be specified in such Final Terms. 
Nth-to-Default CLS means any Credit Linked Security in respect to which the relevant Issuer purchases 
credit protection from Securityholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities and pursuant to which, 
upon the occurrence of a Credit Event and the satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement with respect to 
the Nth Reference Entity, the Securities will be redeemed in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 
2.2 (Redemption following satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement) and 2.3 (Nth-to-Default CLSs).

--- Page 582 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
582 
Obligation means: 
(a) 
each obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
described by the Obligation Category specified in the applicable Final Terms, and having each 
of the Obligation Characteristics specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case, 
immediately prior to the Credit Event which is the subject either of the Credit Event Notice or 
the DC Credit Event Question resulting from the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, as applicable; and 
(b) 
each Reference Obligation specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
Obligation Acceleration means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and 
payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar 
condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of 
a Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
Obligation Category means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligations Only, Bond, Loan, or 
Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in relation to a Reference Entity. 
Obligation Characteristic means any of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, 
Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic Issuance as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to a Reference Entity. 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic, 
the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the determination 
which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in 
circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to 
fail to satisfy such Obligation Characteristic. 
Obligation Currency means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated. 
Obligation Default means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise have 
been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default, or 
other similar condition or event (howsoever described), other than a failure to make any required payment, 
in respect of a Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
Officer's Certification means a certificate signed by a director (or other substantively equivalent title) 
of the Calculation Agent which shall certify the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to a Reference 
Entity. 
Original Bonds means any Bonds comprising part of the relevant Deliverable Obligations. 
Original Loans means any Loans comprising part of the relevant Deliverable Obligations. 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a guarantee and which may be, for the avoidance of doubt, the Standard 
Reference Obligation) which is specified as the Reference Obligation in the applicable Final Terms (if 
any is so specified) provided that if an obligation is not an obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, 
such obligation will not constitute a valid Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation for purposes of 
the Securities (Non-Reference Entity Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation) other than for 
the purposes of determining the Seniority Level and for the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic 
or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristics unless (a) Non-Reference Entity Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; or (b) the 
Securities are Reference Obligation Only CLS.

--- Page 583 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
583 
Outstanding Amount means the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable. 
Outstanding Principal Balance means the outstanding principal balance of an obligation calculated as 
follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's principal 
payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the definition of 
Deliverable/Valuation Obligation Accrued Interest, the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid 
interest payment obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (A) the 
Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the 
Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity were references to 
the Underlying Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the 
obligation, (A) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (B) may otherwise be reduced as a result 
of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other 
than by way of (I) payment or (II) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in paragraph 
(a) above less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this paragraph (b), the Non-
Contingent Amount); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding 
Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(A) 
unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, in accordance with the terms of the 
obligation in effect on either (I) the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms are amended 
after such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date) or (II) the 
Relevant Valuation Date, as applicable; and 
(B) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws 
(insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue 
price or accrued value of the obligation). 
For the purposes of paragraph (B) above, "applicable laws" shall include any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' rights to which the relevant obligation is, or may 
become, subject. 
If "Fallback Discounting" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
notwithstanding the above, if (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is not 
reduced or discounted under paragraph (B) above, (ii) that obligation is either a Bond that has 
an issue price less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where 
the amount advanced is less than ninety-five per cent of the principal repayment amount, and 
(iii) such Bond or Loan does not include provisions relating to the accretion over time of the 
amount which would be payable on an early redemption or repayment of such Bond or Loan that 
are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the case may be, then the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan shall be the lesser of (a) the Non-Contingent Amount; 
and (b) an amount determined by straight line interpolation between the issue price of the Bond 
or the amount advanced under the Loan and the principal redemption amount or principal 
repayment amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced under 
a Loan is less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption amount or principal 
repayment amount (as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight line interpolation:  
(x) 
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue price 
or amount advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the exchange shall be 
deemed to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the original

--- Page 584 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
584 
obligation(s) that were tendered or exchanged (the Original Obligation(s)) at the time 
of such exchange (determined without regard to market or trading value of the Original 
Obligation(s)); and 
(y) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation previously 
issued by the Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated as having the same 
issue price or amount advanced as the prior debt obligation.  
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in exchange for 
the Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the allocation of the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) amongst each of the resulting 
obligations for the purpose of determining the issue price or amount advanced of the relevant 
Bond or Loan. Such allocation will take into account the interest rate, maturity, level of 
subordination and other terms of the obligations that resulted from the exchange and shall be 
made by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology (if any) determined by the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or, if none, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in such manner and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
Where: 
Quantum of the Claim means (a) the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted 
against the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had 
become redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable at 
the time of the relevant determination or (b) the amount determined in accordance with the 
method set out in the applicable Final Terms, in each case provided that the Quantum of the 
Claim cannot exceed the Non-Contingent Amount. 
Package Observable Bond means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any obligation 
(a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org from time to time 
(or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its website from time to time 
and (b) which fell within the definition of Deliverable Obligation, in each case, immediately preceding 
the date on which the relevant Asset Package Credit Event was legally effective. 
Parallel Auction means Auction as defined in any relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
Parallel Auction Cancellation Date means Auction Cancellation Date as defined in any relevant 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
Parallel Auction Final Price Determination Date means the Auction Final Price Determination Date 
as defined in any relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, any 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect to such M(M)R 
Restructuring, and for which the Deliverable Obligation Terms (as defined in the relevant Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms) are the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions (as defined in the 
relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms) which would be applicable to the relevant Reference 
Entity and for which such Reference Entity would not be an Auction Covered Transaction. 
Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date means "Notice of Physical Settlement Date" as defined in 
the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
Partial Cash Settlement Amount means, where the applicable Settlement Method is Physical 
Settlement, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the aggregate, for each 
Undeliverable Obligation, of: 
(a) 
the Final Price of such Undeliverable Obligations, in each case multiplied by;

--- Page 585 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
585 
(b) 
the relevant Outstanding Principal Balance, Due and Payable Amount or Currency Amount, as 
applicable, of such Undeliverable Obligation specified in the relevant Notice of Physical 
Settlement. 
Partial Cash Settlement Date means, in relation to a Reference Entity, the later of (a) the date falling 
three (3) CLS Business Days after the calculation of the Final Price or such other date falling such number 
of CLS Business Days after the calculation of the Final Price as is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and (b) the date on which the Hedge Amount has been determined. 
Partially Principal Protected CLSs means Credit Linked Securities to which "Partially Principal 
Protected CLS" is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Payment means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for the payment or 
repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money. 
Payment Requirement means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if a Payment Requirement is not so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, U.S.$ 1,000,000, or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency, in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential 
Failure to Pay, as applicable. 
Permissible Deliverable Obligations has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable Obligations included on the 
Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are applicable to that Auction. 
Permitted Contingency means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to a Reference Entity's 
payment obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume all of 
the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee 
(or provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment 
obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(iv) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(v) 
provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, 
released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental 
Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf 
(such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such obligation. 
Permitted Currency means: 
(a) 
the legal tender of any Group of seven country (or any country that becomes a member of the 
Group of seven if such Group of seven expands its membership); or 
(b) 
the legal tender of any country which, as of the date of such change, is a member of the 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development and has a local currency long term 
debt rating of "AAA" or higher assigned to it by S&P, "Aaa" or higher assigned to it by Moody's 
or "AAA" or higher assigned to it by Fitch Ratings.

--- Page 586 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
586 
Permitted Transfer means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption by 
any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution of a 
new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances where there is also a transfer 
of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
Physical Settlement means the settlement method in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2.2(b). 
Physical Settlement Adjustment means a reduction to the Outstanding Amount of Deliverable 
Obligations specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement, by an amount of Deliverable Obligations having 
a liquidation value equal to the Hedge Amount (if the Hedge Amount is a positive number, representing 
an amount payable by the relevant Issuer or its Affiliates in connection with the termination, settlement 
or re-hedge of any Hedge Transaction) rounded upwards to the nearest whole denomination of a 
Deliverable Obligation, such amount to be determined by the Calculation Agent. Where the applicable 
Final Terms specify that Hedge Amount is not applicable, the Physical Settlement Adjustment shall be 
zero. 
Physical Settlement Adjustment Rounding Amount means an amount (if any) equal to the difference 
between the absolute value of the Physical Settlement Adjustment and the liquidation value of such whole 
number of Deliverable Obligations as are not required to be Delivered by the relevant Issuer by way of 
compensation for any Hedge Amount. 
Physical Settlement Date means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period following the 
NOPS Cut-off Date or, if all Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or 
any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable are Delivered on or before the Physical Settlement Date, 
the date that the Issuer completes Delivery of such Deliverable Obligations to all Securityholders or, if 
later, the date on which the Hedge Amount has been determined. 
Physical Settlement Period means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 2.9 (Suspension of Obligations), 
the number of CLS Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms as such in relation to a 
Reference Entity or, if a number of CLS Business Days is not so specified, then, with respect to a 
Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, 
as applicable, the longest number of CLS Business Days for settlement in accordance with then current 
market practice of such Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation Agent after consultation 
with the Issuer, provided that if the Issuer has notified the Calculation Agent that it intends to Deliver an 
Asset Package in lieu of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, the Physical 
Settlement Period shall be thirty CLS Business Days. 
Post Dismissal Additional Period means the period from and including the date of the DC Credit Event 
Question Dismissal to and including the date that is fourteen calendar days thereafter (provided that the 
relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of the Notice 
Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)). 
Potential Cash Settlement Event means an event beyond the control of the relevant Issuer (including, 
without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system; or the failure to obtain any requisite consent 
with respect to the Delivery of Loans or the non-receipt of any such requisite consents or any relevant 
participation (in the case of Direct Loan Participation) is not effected; or due to any law, regulation or 
court order, but excluding markets conditions or any contractual, statutory and/or regulatory restriction 
relating to the relevant Deliverable Obligation, or due to the failure of the Securityholder to give the 
relevant Issuer details of accounts for settlement; or a failure of the Securityholder to open or procure the 
opening of such accounts or if the Securityholders are unable to accept Delivery of the portfolio of 
Deliverable Obligations for any other reason). 
Potential Failure to Pay means the failure by a Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any 
payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, without regard 
to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period applicable to 
such Obligations.

--- Page 587 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
587 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of an event described in sub-paragraph (a) of 
the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium". 
Prior Deliverable Obligation means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice) any obligation of the Reference Entity which 
(i) existed immediately prior to such Governmental Intervention (ii) was the subject of such 
Governmental Intervention and (iii) fell within the definition of Deliverable Obligation set out 
in paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation, in each case, immediately 
preceding the date on which such Governmental Intervention was legally effective; or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in respect 
of the Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event 
in the Credit Event Notice), such Reference Obligation, if any. 
Prior Reference Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity and in circumstances where there is 
no Reference Obligation applicable thereto for the purposes of the Securities, (a) the Reference Obligation 
most recently applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise (b) the obligation specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the Reference Obligation, if any, if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the 
Issue Date and otherwise, (c) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of such Reference Entity. 
Private-side Loan means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not 
publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding or 
other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
Prohibited Action means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the 
factors set forth in sub-sections (a) to (d) of the definition of Credit Event) or right of set-off by or of the 
relevant Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. 
Public Source means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the related Final 
Terms (or, if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones Newswires, The Wall 
Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, 
Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor 
publications), the main source(s) of business news in the country in which the Reference Entity is 
organised and any other internationally recognised published or electronically displayed news sources). 
Publicly Available Information means: 
(a) 
information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to the determination that the Credit 
Event or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in a Credit Event Notice 
or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice has occurred and which: 
(i) 
has been published in or on not less than two Public Sources, regardless of whether the 
reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information; or 
(ii) 
is information received from or published by (A) a Reference Entity (or, if the Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other 
authority thereof acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the 
foregoing, the central bank) of such Sovereign) or (B) a trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an 
Obligation; or 
(iii) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however 
described, of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative, regulatory or judicial body. 
Provided that where any information of the type described in paragraph (ii) or (iii) of this 
definition is not publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can

--- Page 588 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
588 
be made public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction 
regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
In relation to any information of any type described in sub-paragraphs (a)(ii) and (a)(iii) above, 
the Calculation Agent may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without 
violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of 
such information and that the party disclosing such information has not taken any action or 
entered into any agreement or understanding with the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the 
Reference Entity that would be breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such information 
to third parties. 
(b) 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state: 
(i) 
in relation to the definition of "Downstream Affiliate", the percentage of Voting Shares 
owned by the Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
that the relevant occurrence: 
(A) 
has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement; 
(B) 
is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period; or 
(C) 
has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
(c) 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must 
relate to the events described in both paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition thereof. 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by a Reference Entity in respect 
of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of that Reference Entity. 
Qualifying Guarantee means an arrangement evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a 
statute or regulation) pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes, or is otherwise 
obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not covered due to the 
existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the Underlying Obligor is the 
obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal 
arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing law). A Qualifying 
Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy, letter of credit (or 
legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case other than: 
(i) 
by payment; 
(ii) 
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
(iii) 
by operation of law; 
(iv) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(v) 
due to: 
(A) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms; or

--- Page 589 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
589 
(B) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" 
is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, reduction, 
assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of a Reference Entity and such 
provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant determination, in accordance 
with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to or following the occurrence of (I) a 
non-payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) an event of the type 
described in the definition of Bankruptcy in respect of such Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, 
then it shall be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding 
the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
(i) 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of 
the Underlying Obligation; and 
(ii) 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts, which are subject to such Fixed 
Cap, must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of such guarantee. 
If an Obligation or Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following will apply: 
(A) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or Deliverable Obligation Category, 
the Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to satisfy the same category or categories as those that 
describe the Underlying Obligation. 
(B) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the 
relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms from the following list: Not 
Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, and Not 
Domestic Law. 
(C) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each 
of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, 
specified in the applicable Final Terms from the following list: Listed, Not Domestic Issuance, 
Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or 
Matured and Not Bearer. 
(D) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity shall be deemed 
to refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
Qualifying Participation Seller means any participation seller that meets the requirements specified in 
the applicable Final Terms in relation to a Reference Entity. If no such requirements are specified, there 
shall be no Qualifying Participation Seller. 
Quotation means, in respect of Reference Obligations, Valuation Obligations, Deliverable Obligations 
and Undeliverable Obligations, as the case may be, each Full Quotation and the Weighted Average 
Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that 
follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Relevant 
Valuation Date from five (5) or more CLS Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain 
two (2) or more such Full Quotations on the same CLS Business Day within three (3) CLS 
Business Days of a Relevant Valuation Date, then on the next following CLS Business Day (and, 
if necessary, on each CLS Business Day thereafter until the fifteenth CLS Business Day 
following the applicable Relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain

--- Page 590 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
590 
Full Quotations from five (5) or more CLS Dealers and, if two (2) or more Full Quotations are 
not available, a Weighted Average Quotation. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two (2) or more Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation on the same CLS Business Day on or prior to the fifteenth CLS Business 
Day following the applicable Relevant Valuation Date the Quotations shall be deemed to be any 
Full Quotation obtained from a CLS Dealer at the Valuation Time on such fifteenth CLS 
Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations 
for the Reference Obligation obtained from CLS Dealers at the Valuation Time on such fifteenth 
CLS Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such 
quotations were obtained and a quotation shall be deemed to be zero for the balance of the 
Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
Quotation Amount means: 
(a) 
with respect to a Reference Obligation or Valuation Obligation, the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to a Reference Entity (which may be specified by reference to 
an amount in a currency or by reference to the Representative Amount) or, if no amount is so 
specified, the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount (or, its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency converted by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner 
by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained); 
(b) 
with respect to each type or issue of Deliverable Obligation to be Delivered on or prior to the 
Physical Settlement Date, an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency as 
calculated in the same manner as (a) above) of such Deliverable Obligation; and 
(c) 
with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable Obligation, an amount equal to the 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in 
the relevant Obligation Currency as calculated in the same manner as sub-paragraph (a) above) 
of such Undeliverable Obligation. 
Redemption Date means either: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Redemption Date; or 
(b) 
if the latest date referred to in paragraph (i) or (ii) below would fall after the Scheduled 
Redemption Date, such later date, being either: 
(i) 
the date falling two (2) Business Days after the expiry of the Notice Delivery Period 
(or, if later, after the latest date on which it would be possible for the Calculation Agent 
to deliver a Credit Event Notice under paragraph (a)(ii)(B) of the definition of "Event 
Determination Date"); or 
(ii) 
if a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the expiry of the 
Notice Delivery Period in relation to a Reference Entity, the date falling 15 Business 
Days following any date on which the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves that the relevant event does not constitute a Credit Event, or Resolves not to 
make such determination. 
Reference Entity or Reference Entities mean the reference entity or reference entities specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and any Successor to a Reference Entity either: 
(a) 
as identified by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the definition of "Successor" on or 
following the Trade Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of which ISDA publicly announces on or following the Trade Date that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has resolved that a Succession Event has 
occurred, in respect of a Succession Event Resolution Request Date. A Successor in accordance

--- Page 591 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
591 
with the DC Rules shall in each case be a Reference Entity for the Securities, as the terms of 
which may be modified pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 6 (Succession Event). 
Reference Entity Spread means: 
(a) 
the lowest offer quotation received by the Calculation Agent from four dealers for a credit default 
swap on such Reference Entity with a notional amount equal to the Floating Rate Payer 
Calculation Amount specified for such Reference Entity with a termination date closest to the 
Scheduled Redemption Date of the Securities (or the nearest standard maturity after the date if 
it is not possible to obtain at least one offer quotation); or 
(b) 
if it is not possible to obtain any offer quotation, a rate determined by the Calculation Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion but acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Reference Entity Spread Trigger has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 2.7. 
Reference Entity Trigger has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 2.7. 
Reference Obligation means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
(a) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the related Final Terms, in 
which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, if any 
provided that, where "Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in 
the related Final Terms for the Reference Entity, then irrespective of any Original Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation specified in the related Final Terms, if (i) a Senior Non-Preferred Level 
Standard Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List, such 
Standard Reference Obligation shall be deemed to constitute the Reference Obligation, or (ii) no 
such Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity is 
specified on the SRO List but such Standard Reference Obligation has previously been specified 
on the SRO List, there shall be deemed to be no Reference Obligation applicable to the Securities 
and such previously specified Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the 
Reference Entity shall be deemed to constitute the Prior Reference Obligation; or 
(b) 
(i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the related Final Terms (or no 
election is specified in the related Final Terms), (ii) there is no Standard Reference Obligation 
and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the related Final Terms, in which 
case the Reference Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but 
excluding the first date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard 
Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard Reference Obligation 
that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation; 
and 
(c) 
where "LPN Reference Entity" is applicable to a Reference Entity, each of the obligations listed 
as a Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms or set forth on 
the relevant LPN Reference Obligations List (each, a "Markit Published LPN Reference 
Obligation"), as published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, which list is 
currently available at http://www.markit.com (or any successor website thereto) or any 
Additional LPN, determined in accordance with the Additional LPN definition, and each 
Additional Obligation; for the avoidance of doubt, in respect of an LPN Reference Entity, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Security Conditions (in 
particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity): 
(i) 
each Reference Obligation will be an Obligation and a Deliverable Obligation or a 
Valuation Obligation (as applicable); 
(ii) 
each Reference Obligation determined in accordance with the foregoing will be a 
Reference Obligation; 
(iii) 
Standard Reference Obligation shall not be applicable;

--- Page 592 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
592 
(iv) 
the proviso in the definition of Non-Standard Reference Obligation shall not apply; 
(v) 
it is intended that there may be more than one Reference Obligation, as a result of which 
all applicable references in these Credit Linked Security Conditions to "the Reference 
Obligation" shall be construed as a reference to "a Reference Obligation", and all other 
provisions of these Credit Linked Security Conditions shall be construed accordingly; 
and 
(vi) 
the provisions relating to the Substitute Reference Obligation shall not be applicable to 
LPN Reference Obligations. 
Reference Obligations Only means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no Obligation 
Characteristics or, as the case may be, Deliverable Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable where 
Reference Obligations Only applies. 
Reference Obligations Only CLS means Credit Linked Securities in relation to which "Reference 
Obligations Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and Deliverable Obligation Category, if 
applicable, and Standard Reference Obligation is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant City Business Day has the meaning given to it in the DC Rules. 
Relevant Guarantee means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if All Guarantees is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
Relevant Holder means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the 
case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, 
immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the Outstanding Amount specified 
in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement, or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable or by the Calculation Agent when determining 
the Valuation Obligations, as applicable. 
Relevant Obligations means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the Obligations of such Reference Entity 
which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior 
to the Succession Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of the 
first succession), provided that: 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or held 
by the Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination required 
to be made under paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor make the appropriate adjustments 
required to take account of any Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased or 
cancelled from and including the legally effective date of the first succession to and including 
the Succession Date; 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Securities are a Senior Transaction, the Relevant Obligations shall only include the 
Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or 
Loan"; 
(d) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
and the Securities are a Subordinated Transaction, Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior 
Obligations and any Further Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within 
the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, 
"Relevant Obligations" shall have the same meaning as it would if the Securities were a Senior 
Transaction; and

--- Page 593 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
593 
(e) 
where "LPN Reference Entity" is applicable to a Reference Entity, each of the obligations listed 
as a Reference Obligation of such Reference Entity in the relevant "LPN Reference Obligation 
List" as published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, which list is currently 
available online on the Markit Group Limited website, any Additional LPN, and each Additional 
Obligation. 
Relevant Time means with respect to any Reference Entity, Greenwich Mean Time or, where the 
Reference Entity is incorporated in Japan, Tokyo time, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Valuation Date means the Settlement Valuation Date, Valuation Date or Undeliverable 
Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount means the Outstanding Amount of each 
Deliverable Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, which is being replaced. 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation means each replacement Deliverable Obligation that the relevant 
Issuer will, subject to Credit Linked Condition 4 (Physical Settlement), Deliver to the Securityholders in 
lieu of each original Deliverable Obligation, which has not been Delivered as at the date of such NOPS 
Amendment Notice. 
Replacement Reference Entity means an entity selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion which 
is incorporated in the same geographical area, has the same Transaction Type as the Legacy Reference 
Entity and which is of a similar or better credit quality than the Legacy Reference Entity, as measured by 
Standard & Poor's Ratings Services and/or by Moody's Investors Service Ltd, at the date of the relevant 
Succession Event provided that in selecting any Replacement Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent is 
under no obligation to the Securityholders, the relevant Issuer or any other person and, provided that the 
Successor selected meets the criteria specified above, is entitled, and indeed will endeavour, to select the 
least credit-worthy of the Successors. In making any selection, the Calculation Agent will not be liable to 
account to the Securityholders, the relevant Issuer or any other person for any profit or other benefit to it 
or any of its Affiliates, which may result directly or indirectly from any such selection. 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market and at the relevant time, such amount to be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(a) 
an authorised officer of a Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(i) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity 
of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement; or 
(ii) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or 
de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement; and 
(b) 
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, 
determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation 
occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or 
prior to the Scheduled Redemption Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time): 
(a) 
if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the 
date that is the later of: 
(i) 
the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; and

--- Page 594 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
594 
(ii) 
the first payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable Grace Period 
in respect of such payment date); and 
(b) 
if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, 
the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, 
provided that in either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition means a condition that is satisfied: 
(a) 
if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and 
effectively received on or prior to the Scheduled Redemption Date, that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the relevant Reference 
Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Redemption Date, or 
(b) 
otherwise, by the delivery of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and unless Notice of 
Publicly Available Information is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a 
Notice of Publicly Available Information by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Securityholders that 
is effective on or prior to the Scheduled Redemption Date. 
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been satisfied, 
or not capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (i) an event does not 
constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the relevant Reference 
Entity or (ii) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to 
an Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the Scheduled 
Redemption Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice means an irrevocable notice delivered by or on behalf of 
the Issuer to the Securityholders that describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or 
prior to the Scheduled Redemption Date. A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a 
description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the date of the occurrence. The Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be 
continuing on the date the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. Unless Notice of 
Publicly Available Information is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, if a 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension 
Notice 
contains 
Publicly 
Available 
Information, 
such 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information. 
Resolve has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall be 
interpreted accordingly. 
Restructured Bond or Loan means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of which the 
relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
Restructuring means: 
(a) 
that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a form that 
binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the Reference Entity or a Governmental 
Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to bind all holders of such 
Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by a Reference Entity or a Governmental 
Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation (including, in each case, in respect 
of Bonds only, by way of any exchange) and such event is not expressly provided for under the 
terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later of the Credit Event Backstop Date and the date 
as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred:

--- Page 595 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
595 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at maturity or at scheduled 
redemption dates (including by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual 
of interest or (B) the payment of principal or premium; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any 
currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United 
Kingdom and the United States of American and the euro and any successor currency 
to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the 
currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of sub-paragraph (a) above, none of the following shall 
constitute a Restructuring: 
(i) 
the payment in euros of interest or principal in relation to an Obligation denominated in 
a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty, as amended by the EU Treaty; 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination occurs 
as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the 
European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (B) a freely available market rate of conversion between 
euros and such other currency existed at the time of such redenomination and there is 
no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as 
determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in sub-
paragraphs (a)(i) to (v) (inclusive) above due to an administrative adjustment, 
accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the 
ordinary course of business; and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described 
sub-paragraphs (a)(i) to (v) (inclusive) above in circumstances where such event does 
not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial 
condition of the Reference Entity provided that in respect of paragraph (a)(v) only, no 
such deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity 
is required where the redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as 
a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European 
Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental 
Authority. 
(c) 
For the purposes of sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) above and Credit Linked Condition 8.4 (Multiple 
Holder Obligations), the term "Obligation" shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations 
for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Qualifying 
Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity in sub-paragraph 
(a) above shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference to the Reference 
Entity in sub-paragraph (b) above shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity. 
(d) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under 
paragraphs (a)(i) to (v) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the 
Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately 
following such exchange.

--- Page 596 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
596 
Restructuring Date means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the 
terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
Restructuring Exercise Date means the date that is 65 Business Days following the Final List 
Publication Date. 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Redemption Date. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, if the final redemption date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final 
redemption date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date (such 
Restructured Bond or Loan, a "Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan") and the Scheduled 
Redemption Date occurs prior to the final redemption date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or 
Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the final redemption date of such Latest 
Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. 
Revised Currency Rate means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a 
NOPS Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which the Replaced 
Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in which the Outstanding 
Amount of such Replacement Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is determined either: 
(a) 
by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time; or 
(b) 
if such rate is not available at such time, by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable 
manner after consultation with the parties. 
Scheduled Redemption Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. Such date 
shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention. 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation means any obligation of the Reference Entity which is Subordinated 
only to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the Reference Entity but not further or 
otherwise, or which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of 
the Reference Entity existed, and which ranks above Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the 
Reference Entity or which would so rank if any Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the Reference 
Entity existed.  A Senior Non-Preferred Obligation shall, for the purposes of these Credit Linked 
Conditions, constitute a Subordinated Obligation as defined below in this Credit Linked Condition 10 
(Definitions). 
Senior Non-Preferred Transaction means a Notional Credit Derivative Transaction in respect of which 
"Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017)" is specified as applicable. A Senior Non-Preferred Transaction shall, for the purposes of these 
Credit Linked Conditions, constitute a Subordinated Transaction as defined below in this Credit Linked 
Condition 10 (Definitions). 
Senior Obligation means any obligation, which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligation of the Reference Entity. 
Senior Transaction means a Notional Credit Derivative Transaction for which (a) the Reference 
Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior Obligation, or (b) there is no 
Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation. 
Seniority Level means, with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity, (a) if "Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the related Final Terms for such Reference Entity, 
"Senior Non-Preferred Level", and (b) otherwise: (i) "Senior Level" or "Subordinated Level" as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) if no such Seniority Level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
"Senior Level" if the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or 
"Subordinated Level" if the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, 
failing which (iii) "Senior Level".

--- Page 597 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
597 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if no 
currency is so specified in the Final Terms, the Specified Currency. 
Settlement Method means: 
(a) 
the Auction Settlement, Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement, as specified in the Final Terms; 
or 
(b) 
if no Settlement Method is specified in the Final Terms, Auction Settlement. 
Settlement Valuation Date means the date being three (3) CLS Business Days prior to the Delivery Date 
provided that if a Notice of Physical Settlement is given or, as the case may be, changed at any time after 
the third CLS Business Day prior to the Physical Settlement Date, the Settlement Valuation Date shall be 
the date which is three (3) CLS Business Days after such Notice of Physical Settlement is given. 
Single Reference Entity CLS means Credit Linked Securities in relation to which the relevant Issuer 
purchases credit protection from the Securityholders in respect of only one (1) Reference Entity. 
Solvency Capital Provisions means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or otherwise 
varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital resources of a particular 
tier. 
Sovereign means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, ministry, 
department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including without limiting the foregoing, 
the central bank) thereof. 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation means an Obligation of a Reference Entity, which is a 
Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee): 
(a) 
in respect of which a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice has 
occurred; and 
(b) 
which fell within the definition of a Deliverable Obligation immediately preceding the date on 
which such Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation 
governing such Restructuring. 
Sovereign Succession Event means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an annexation, 
unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar event. 
Specified Deliverable Obligation(s) means Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity or Nth 
Reference Entity as specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice (subject 
to the definition of such term) which, for the avoidance of doubt, may where Asset Package Delivery is 
applicable, include any Prior Deliverable Obligation, Package Observable Bond or Asset Package. 
Specified Currency means, for the purposes of determining compliance with the Obligation 
Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics only an obligation that is payable in the 
currency or currencies specified in the applicable Final Terms as such in relation to a Reference Entity 
(or, if Specified Currency is specified in the applicable Final Terms and no currency is so specified, 
Standard Specified Currency), provided that if the euro is a Specified Currency, "Specified Currency" 
shall also include an obligation that was previously payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination 
thereafter if such redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a 
Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority. 
SRO List means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website at 
www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA 
on its website from time to time.

--- Page 598 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
598 
Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant Seniority 
Level, which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
Standard Specified Currencies means the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, France, 
Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency 
to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro shall mean the currency which 
succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Steps Plan means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a series of 
successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or more entities. 
Subordinated Obligation means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligation of the Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity existed. 
Subordinated Transaction means a Notional Credit Derivative Transaction for which the Reference 
Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation. 
Subordination means, with respect to an obligation (the Second Obligation) and another obligation of 
the Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared (the First Obligation), a contractual, 
trust or similar arrangement providing that (a) upon the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or 
winding-up of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First Obligation are required to be 
satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second Obligation or (b) the holders of the Second 
Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain payments in respect of their claims against the 
Reference Entity at any time that the Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is otherwise in default 
under the First Obligation. Subordinated will be construed accordingly. For purposes of determining 
whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another obligation 
to which it is being compared, (i) the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of 
collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security arrangements shall not be taken into 
account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law shall be taken 
into account where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (ii) in the case of the Reference Obligation or 
the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as 
of the date as of which it was issued or incurred (or in circumstances where the Reference Obligation or 
a Prior Reference Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation and "Standard Reference Obligation" 
is applicable, then the priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, 
as applicable, shall be determined as of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect any change 
to such ranking in priority of payment after such date.  This term "Subordination" shall be applied in the 
assessment of any Obligation without regard to how the Obligation is described by the laws of any 
relevant jurisdiction, including any characterisation of the Obligation as senior or unsubordinated by the 
laws of any relevant jurisdiction. 
Substitute Reference Obligation has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Condition 6.4 
(Substitute Reference Obligations). 
Substitution Date means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which the 
Calculation Agent notifies the parties of the Substitute Reference Obligation 
Substitution Event means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
(b) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been reduced by 
redemption or otherwise below U.S.$10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(c) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a guarantee).

--- Page 599 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
599 
For purposes of identification of a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and of itself, 
constitute a Substitution Event. 
If an event described in paragraph (a) or (b) above has occurred on or prior to the Issue Date, then a 
Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b), as the case may be, 
on the Issue Date. 
Substitution Event Date means, with respect to a Reference Obligation, the date of the occurrence of the 
relevant Substitution Event. 
Succession Date means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed to 
some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, there is a 
Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final succession in respect of such 
Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on which a determination pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition 
of Successor would not be affected by any further related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or 
(ii) the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date in respect of the Reference Entity or any entity 
which would constitute a Successor. 
Successor means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the entity or entities, if any, determined as follows: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (c) below of this definition, the entity or entities, if any determined as 
follows: 
(i) 
Subject to paragraph (a)(vii) below, if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to seventy-five per cent. or more of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor. 
(ii) 
If only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to 
more than twenty-five per cent. (but less than seventy-five per cent.) of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent. of the 
Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the 
entity that succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will 
be the sole Successor. 
(iii) 
If more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to 
more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will each be a Successor 
and the terms of the Securities will be amended in accordance with the provisions set 
out in Credit Linked Condition 6 (Succession Event) above. 
(iv) 
If one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of 
the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, each such entity and the 
Reference Entity will each be a Successor and the terms of the Securities will be 
amended in accordance with the provisions set out in in Credit Linked Condition 6 
(Succession Event) above. 
(v) 
If one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, 
to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds 
to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity 
and the Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no Successor and the terms of 
the Securities will not be changed in any way as a result of such succession. 
(vi) 
If one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, 
to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds

--- Page 600 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
600 
to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity 
and the Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to the greatest 
percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the Successor (provided that if two or more 
entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such entity will 
be a Successor). 
(vii) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of 
the obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, and 
either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist or (B) the Reference Entity is in the 
process of being dissolved (howsoever described) and the Reference Entity has not 
issued or incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at any time since the legally 
effective date of the assumption, that entity (the Universal Successor) will be the sole 
Successor. 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining with effect from the Succession Date 
any Successor or Successors under paragraph (a) above; provided that the Calculation Agent will 
not make such determination if, at the time of determination, the DC Secretary has publicly 
announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that 
there is no Successor based on the relevant succession to Relevant Obligations. Information 
about the occurrence of a succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a 
Sovereign Succession Event) pursuant to which one or more Successors to a Reference Entity 
can be determined, with reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination, pursuant to 
paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor, of the identity of any Successor(s), may be requested 
at any time by the Securityholders at the specified office of the Calculation Agent (subject to 
proof of ownership of such Securities in a form acceptable to the Calculation Agent), and will 
be notified as part of a notice of Potential Failure to Pay or a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice or a Credit Event Notice (as the case may be) in respect of the relevant Reference Entity. 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under 
this definition on the basis of Eligible Information. 
In calculating the percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor under 
paragraph (a)(i) to (vii) (inclusive) above, if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall 
consider all related successions contemplated by such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part 
of a single succession. 
(c) 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (1) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date 
or (2) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession Date 
occurred on or after 1 January 2014; 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately prior 
to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one Relevant 
Obligation of the Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant 
Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
(d) 
For the purposes of this definition, "succeed" means, with respect to a Reference Entity and its 
Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or becomes liable 
for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement 
(including, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, 
convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement) or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs 
Loans (the Exchange Bonds or Loans) that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations, and in either 
case the Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee 
with respect to such Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. For 
the purposes of this definition, succeeded and succession shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 601 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
601 
(e) 
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to paragraph (a) above shall 
be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant Obligations exchanged 
and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
(f) 
If two or more entities (each, a Joint Potential Successor) jointly succeed to one or more 
Relevant Obligations (collectively, the Joint Relevant Obligations) either directly or as a 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee, then (1) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation 
of the relevant Reference Entity, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint 
Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint 
Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or obligors, or (2) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a 
Relevant Guarantee, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential 
Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant 
Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, if any, or otherwise by each Joint Potential Successor in 
equal parts. 
Successor Backstop Date means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC 
Resolution the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date otherwise, 
the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of (a) the date on which the Calculation Agent 
determines that the succession is effective which date may be determined and (b) in circumstances where 
(i) a Successor Resolution Request Date has occurred, (ii) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination and (iii) the Calculation Agent 
determines that the date on which the succession is effective is not more than fourteen calendar days after 
the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination, the Successor 
Resolution Request Date. The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention. Successor Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a notice 
to the DC Secretary, requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to 
Resolve one or more Successors to a Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC 
Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on 
which such notice is effective. 
Surviving Reference Entity has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Condition 6.2(b). 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation means any obligation of the Reference Entity which meets the 
conditions set out in Article 63 of Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013, as such Article may be amended or replaced from time to time (the CRR) or which are (or 
were at any time) otherwise eligible as a Tier 2 item in accordance with the CRR. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Traditional Subordinated Obligation means any of the following: (a) any Tier 2 Subordinated 
Obligations of the Reference Entity; (b) any obligations of the Reference Entity which rank or are 
expressed to rank pari passu with any Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity; and (c) 
any obligations of the Reference Entity which are Subordinated to the obligations thereto described in (a) 
and (b) above shall each (without limitation) constitute Traditional Subordinated Obligations in respect 
of a Senior Non-Preferred Obligation. A Traditional Subordinated Obligation shall, for the purposes of 
these Credit Linked Conditions, constitute a Further Subordinated Obligation as defined above in this 
Credit Linked Condition 10 (Definitions). 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms means, in respect of any Reference Entity and a related Credit 
Event, the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA in respect of such Credit 
Event and in respect of which the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction would be an Auction Covered 
Transaction. 
Transaction Type means any "Transaction Type" specified as such in the Credit Derivatives Physical 
Settlement Matrix Supplement to the Credit Derivatives Definitions, as most recently amended or 
supplemented as at the Trade Date and as published by ISDA, as at the date of the Base Prospectus, at 
http://www.isda.org.

--- Page 602 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
602 
Transferable means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without any contractual, 
statutory or regulatory restriction, provided that none of the following shall be considered contractual, 
statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale pursuant to 
Rule 144A or Regulation S promulgated under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (and any contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws of 
any jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment restrictions on 
insurance companies and pension funds; or 
(c) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates and voting periods, 
and, if specified as applicable to a Deliverable Obligation Category, the Transferable Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic shall be applicable only in respect of obligations within that Deliverable 
Obligation Category that are not Loans. 
Undeliverable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Notice of Physical Settlement 
which, on the Physical Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent determines 
for any reason (including without limitation, failure by the Securityholder to deliver an Asset Transfer 
Notice, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation, court order or market 
conditions or the non-receipt of any requisite consents with respect to the Delivery of Loans) it is 
impossible, impracticable or illegal to Deliver on the Physical Settlement Date. 
Undeliverable Valuation Date means the date that is five (5) CLS Business Days after the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date or, as applicable, the Extended Physical Settlement Date. 
Underlying Finance Instrument means where the LPN Issuer provides finance to the Reference Entity 
by way of a deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money instrument. 
Underlying Loan means where the LPN Issuer provides a loan to the Reference Entity. 
Underlying Obligation means, with respect to a guarantee, an obligation in respect of which the 
Reference Entity has agreed to pay all the amounts due thereunder. 
Underlying Obligor means, the party, which is the principal obligor of an Underlying Obligation. 
Valuation Date means: 
(a) 
any CLS Business Day falling within 122 CLS Business Days following the Event 
Determination Date, or, following any Auction Cancellation Date or No Auction Announcement 
Date, such later CLS Business Day, (in each case, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion); or 
(b) 
if "Cash Settlement" is applicable as a Fallback Settlement Method, any CLS Business Day 
falling within 122 CLS Business Days following the Event Determination Date, as selected by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; or 
(c) 
if Partial Cash Settlement is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the date 
which is up to fifteen CLS Business Days after the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date 
or, as applicable the Extended Physical Settlement Date (as selected by the Calculation Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion). 
Valuation Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity, notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in the Credit Linked Conditions, one or more obligations of such Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a Qualifying Guarantee or, as the case may be, Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee), which would 
constitute a "Deliverable Obligation" if Physical Settlement were the applicable Settlement Method as

--- Page 603 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
 
603 
selected by the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the relevant Issuer) in its sole and absolute 
discretion on the applicable Valuation Date, provided that, for such purpose: 
(a) 
any reference to the words "Delivery Date" in the definitions of "Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation", "Deliverable Obligation", within any of the terms comprising "Deliverable 
Obligation Category" or "Deliverable Obligation Characteristic" and "Due and Payable Amount" 
shall be deemed to be a reference to the words "Relevant Valuation Date"; and 
(b) 
where used in this definition of "Valuation Obligation", the term "Deliverable Obligation" is for 
convenience only and is not intended to amend the selected settlement method. 
Valuation Obligations Portfolio means the Reference Obligation and/or one or more Valuation 
Obligations of a Reference Entity selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion (in consultation with 
the relevant Issuer), each in an Outstanding Principal Balance selected by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion provided that the aggregate of such Outstanding Principal Balances (or in 
each case the equivalent in the Specified Currency thereof (converted at the foreign exchange rate 
prevailing on any date from (and including) the Event Determination Date to (and including) the 
Valuation Date, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion)), shall not exceed 
the relevant Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount. 
Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms in relation to a Reference 
Entity or, if no time is so specified, 11.00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the relevant Valuation 
Obligation or Undeliverable Obligation, as the case may be. 
Voting Shares shall mean those shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of directors 
or similar governing body of an entity. 
Weighted Average Final Price means the weighted average of the Final Prices determined for each 
selected Valuation Obligation and/or Reference Obligation of a Reference Entity in the Valuation 
Obligations Portfolio, weighted by the Currency Amount of each such Valuation Obligation (or its 
equivalent in the Settlement Currency, converted by the Calculation Agent, in a commercially reasonable 
manner, by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time of such determination). 
Weighted Average Quotation means, in accordance with the bid quotations provided by the CLS 
Dealers, the weighted average of firm quotations obtained from the CLS Dealers at the Valuation Time, 
to the extent reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the Valuation Obligation, Reference 
Obligation or Undeliverable Obligation, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance of as 
large a size as available but less than the Quotation Amount (in the case of Deliverable Obligations only, 
but of a size equal to the Minimum Quotation Amount or, if quotations of a size equal to the Minimum 
Quotation Amount are not available, quotations as near in size as practicable to the Minimum Quotation 
Amount) that in the aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount.

--- Page 604 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
 
604 
ANNEX 3 – BOND LINKED CONDITIONS 
This annex sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities that are Bond Linked Securities. It is only 
applicable to Securities that are specified to be Bond Linked Securities in the applicable Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to Bond Linked Securities shall comprise the General Conditions and the 
Additional Conditions, in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Additional Conditions, the Additional 
Conditions shall prevail. 
The following terms and conditions (the Bond Linked Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the applicable 
Final Terms indicate that Bond Linked Securities is applicable. These Bond Linked Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
1 
GENERAL 
Bond Terms 
The Final Terms shall specify: 
(a) 
the type of Bond Linked Securities, being Single Bond BLSs or Basket BLSs; 
(b) 
the Settlement Method; 
(c) 
the Bond(s) and Bond Issuer; 
(d) 
the Trade Date and the Scheduled Redemption Date; 
(e) 
the Bond Nominal Amount in respect of each Bond; and 
(f) 
the principal amount outstanding as at the Trade Date in respect of each Bond. 
2 
REDEMPTION 
2.1 
Redemption absent the occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date 
The relevant Issuer will redeem each Bond Linked Security on the related Redemption Date (as such date 
may be extended in accordance with the definition thereof) by payment of an amount equal to the Final 
Redemption Amount (together with interest, if any, payable thereon) unless: 
(a) 
the Bond Linked Securities have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in full 
(including pursuant to Bond Linked Condition 2.4 (Early redemption following a Fair Market 
Value Trigger Event), Bond Linked Condition 2.5 (Redemption following a Merger Event) or 
2.6 (Redemption following an Additional Disruption Event); or  
(b) 
one or more Bond Event Determination Dates have occurred, in which event the relevant Issuer 
shall redeem the proportion of each Bond Linked Security that relates to such Bond Event 
Determination Date(s) in accordance with Bond Linked Condition 2.2 (Redemption following 
the occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date) provided that, in each case, any proportion 
of each Bond Linked Security that is not so redeemed shall redeem on the related Redemption 
Date (as such date may be extended in accordance with the definition thereof) by payment of an 
amount equal to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, 
the aggregate amount paid up) of such Bond Linked Security (together with interest, if any, 
payable thereon). 
2.2 
Redemption following the occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date 
Subject to Bond Linked Condition 2.3 (Basket BLSs), upon the occurrence of a Bond Event Determination 
Date in relation to any Bond, each Bond Linked Security will be subject to redemption:

--- Page 605 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
 
605 
(a) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is "Physical Settlement", in accordance with Bond Linked 
Condition 4 (Physical Settlement); and 
(b) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is "Cash Settlement", in whole or in part, by payment on the 
relevant Cash Settlement Date of an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to (i) such 
Bond Linked Security's pro rata share of the Realisable Amount minus (ii) such Bond Linked 
Security's pro rata share of the Hedge Amount (if applicable). 
In the case of a partial redemption of the Bond, the proportion of each Bond Linked Security to be 
redeemed in respect of such Bond Event shall equal the proportion of the outstanding Bond Nominal 
Amount being partially redeemed. 
Any partial redemption shall occur in accordance with Bond Linked Condition 2.8. 
2.3 
Basket BLSs 
If the Bond Linked Securities are Basket BLSs, then the provisions of these Bond Linked Conditions 
relating to redemption of Bond Linked Securities following the occurrence of a Bond Event 
Determination Date, extension of maturity of Bond Linked Securities on delivery of an Extension Notice, 
cessation or suspension of accrual of interest or accrual and payment of interest following the Scheduled 
Redemption Date shall apply to each Bond Linked Security with respect to each Bond separately and to 
such Bond Linked Security's pro rata share of the relevant Bond Nominal Amount. As a result, the Bond 
Linked Securities will be redeemed in part in respect of each such Bond Event, such part to be determined 
by reference to the proportion that the Bond Nominal Amount of the affected Bond has to the aggregate 
Bond Nominal Amounts of such Bond and all the Bonds in respect of which a Bond Event has yet to 
occur. The remaining provisions of these Bond Linked Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
2.4 
Early redemption following a Fair Market Value Trigger Event 
If Fair Market Value Trigger is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, upon the 
occurrence of a Fair Market Value Trigger Event, the Bond Linked Securities may be redeemed at the 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount (determined in accordance with General Condition 6.8 
(Redemption Amounts)) at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not less 
than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and, in accordance with 
General Condition 14 (Notices), the Securityholders (which notice shall be irrevocable). The Fair Market 
Value Trigger need not be continuing at the time any notice is delivered under this Bond Linked Condition 
2.4.   
Bond Linked Securities redeemed pursuant to this Bond Linked Condition 2.4 will be redeemed at their 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount.   
For the purpose of this Bond Linked Condition 2.4, Fair Market Value Trigger Event means that, on 
any day, the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount expressed as a percentage of the aggregate nominal 
amount of a Bond Linked Security of the relevant Series would, assuming that such Series of Bond Linked 
Securities would be redeemed in full on such day at the applicable Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount, be less than or equal to the "Fair Market Value Trigger" specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in is sole and absolute discretion. 
2.5 
Redemption following a Merger Event 
If this Bond Linked Condition 2.5 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event 
that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Merger Event has occurred, the relevant Issuer may 
give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) and redeem all but 
not some only of the Bond Linked Securities at the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount (determined 
in accordance with General Condition 6.8 (Redemption Amounts)) on the Merger Event Redemption Date 
or, if the applicable Settlement Method is "Physical Settlement", in accordance with Bond Linked 
Condition 4 (Physical Settlement).

--- Page 606 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
 
606 
2.6 
Redemption following an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the relevant Issuer 
may redeem all, but not some of, the Securities by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 14 (Notices). If the Securities are so redeemed, the relevant Issuer will pay an amount 
to each Securityholder in respect of each Security as shall be determined to be the Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount (determined in accordance with General Condition 6.8 (Redemption Amounts)) or, 
if the applicable Settlement Method is "Physical Settlement", the Securities will be redeemed in 
accordance with Bond Linked Condition 4 (Physical Settlement).   
2.7 
Suspension of Obligations 
If a Potential Failure to Pay occurs with respect to a Bond, then (unless the relevant Issuer otherwise elects 
by notice to the Calculation Agent and the Securityholders), from the date of such Potential Failure to 
Pay any obligation of the relevant Issuer to redeem any Bond Linked Security (including pursuant to 
Bond Linked Condition 2.2 (Redemption following the occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date)) 
or pay any amount of interest which would otherwise be due thereon shall, insofar as it relates to the 
relevant Bond, be and remain suspended until such time as the Calculation Agent determines either that 
a Failure to Pay has occurred with respect to such Bond or the relevant Potential Failure to Pay has been 
cured. 
The Issuer will give notice to the Securityholders of any such suspension in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices) within 14 days of becoming aware of the same. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant Potential Failure to Pay has been cured, then all 
obligations of the relevant Issuer that have been suspended in accordance with this Bond Linked 
Condition 2.7 shall resume and shall be paid to the holders of the Bond Linked Securities no later than 
three Business Days following the Calculation Agent making such determination. 
Where payment of interest or nominal is suspended in accordance with this Bond Linked Condition 2.7, 
no interest shall accrue on such interest or nominal. 
2.8 
Miscellaneous provisions relating to Redemption 
If the Bond Linked Securities are partially redeemed, the relevant Bond Linked Securities or, if the Bond 
Linked Securities are represented by a Global Security, such Global Security, shall be endorsed to reflect 
such partial redemption. Accordingly, upon such partial redemption, the outstanding nominal amount of 
each Security shall be reduced for all purposes (including accrual of interest thereon) accordingly. In the 
case of Partly Paid Securities, the outstanding nominal amount of each Security shall be the aggregate 
amount paid up.  
Redemption of any Bond Linked Security in accordance with Bond Linked Condition 2 (Redemption), 
together with payment of interest, if any, due thereon shall discharge all or the relevant portion of the 
obligations of the relevant Issuer in relation thereto. 
Any amount payable under Bond Linked Condition 2 (Redemption) shall be rounded downwards to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant currency. 
3 
INTEREST 
3.1 
Cessation of Interest Accrual 
(a) 
Upon the occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date in respect of any Bond Linked 
Securities, interest on such Bond Linked Securities (or the relevant portion thereof that is subject 
to a Bond Event, as applicable, or, in the case of Basket BLSs, the relevant portion thereof 
determined in accordance with Bond Linked Condition 2.3 (Basket BLSs)) shall cease to accrue 
with effect from and including, the Interest Period Date immediately preceding the relevant Bond 
Event Determination Date (or, in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, the Interest

--- Page 607 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
 
607 
Commencement Date). For the avoidance of doubt, the accrual of interest on the portion (if any) 
of each Bond Linked Security that is not subject to such Bond Event shall not be affected.  
(b) 
Upon the Calculation Agent determining that a Merger Event or Additional Disruption Event 
has occurred in respect of any Bond Linked Securities, interest on such Bond Linked Securities 
shall cease to accrue with effect from and including, the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding such determination.  
3.2 
Interest following Scheduled Redemption 
Notwithstanding Bond Linked Condition 3.1 (Cessation of Interest Accrual), each Bond Linked Security 
shall only accrue interest up to (but excluding) the Scheduled Redemption Date. 
3.3 
Interest Payment Dates 
If the Bond Linked Securities are redeemed early, in whole or in part, pursuant to a Bond Event, Merger 
Event or Additional Disruption Event, the Scheduled Redemption Date, the Redemption Date (if not the 
Scheduled Redemption Date), the Cash Settlement Date or the Delivery Date(s), as the case may be, shall 
not be Interest Payment Dates in respect of each Bond Linked Security (or the relevant portion thereof 
that is subject to a Bond Event, as applicable, or, in the case of Basket BLSs, the relevant portion thereof 
determined in accordance with Bond Linked Condition 2.3 (Basket BLSs)). 
4 
PHYSICAL SETTLEMENT 
4.1 
Delivery and payment 
If Physical Settlement applies to any Bond Linked Security, then, upon the occurrence of a Bond Event 
Determination Date or the Calculation Agent determining that a Merger Event or Additional Disruption 
Event has occurred, the relevant Issuer, or any third party appointed at its discretion, shall, on or prior to 
the related Physical Settlement Date and subject to Bond Linked Condition 4.2 (Partial Cash Settlement 
Due to Impossibility, Impracticality or Illegality), Bond Linked Condition 4.3 (Non-Delivery of Bonds) 
and Bond Linked Condition 4.6 (Asset Transfer Notice), redeem such Bond Linked Security or, in the 
case of Basket BLSs, the relevant portion thereof determined in accordance with Bond Linked Condition 
2.3 (Basket BLSs), respectively, by:   
(a) 
delivering a pro rata share of the Bond equal to the Physical Settlement Amount; 
(b) 
paying such Security's pro rata portion of the related Physical Settlement Adjustment Rounding 
Amount; and  
(c) 
if the Hedge Amount is expressed as a negative number, paying such Security's pro rata portion 
of the absolute value of such Hedge Amount. 
4.2 
Partial Cash Settlement Due to Impossibility, Impracticality or Illegality 
If, due to an event beyond the control of the relevant Issuer, it is in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
impossible, impractical (including, without limitation, due to the relevant Issuer receiving insufficient or 
incorrect account or transfer information) or illegal for the relevant Issuer to Deliver or, due to an event 
beyond the control of the relevant Issuer or any Securityholder, it is in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent impossible, impractical or illegal for the relevant Issuer or the relevant Securityholder to accept 
Delivery of all the Bonds on the related Physical Settlement Date, then on such date the relevant Issuer 
shall Deliver any of the Bonds for which it is possible, practicable and legal to take Delivery. If any 
Undeliverable Bonds have not been Delivered on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement 
Date, then Partial Cash Settlement shall apply with respect to Bond and, accordingly, the relevant Issuer 
shall pay the relevant Securityholders an amount equal to the Partial Cash Settlement Amount to be 
apportioned pro rata amongst the relevant Securityholders on the Partial Cash Settlement Date.

--- Page 608 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
 
608 
4.3 
Non-Delivery of Bonds 
If the relevant Issuer does not Deliver any Bond other than as a result of an event or circumstance 
contemplated in Bond Linked Condition 4.2 (Partial Cash Settlement Due to Impossibility, Impracticality 
or Illegality), such failure shall not constitute an event of default for the purpose of the Securities and the 
relevant Issuer may continue to attempt to Deliver the Bond until the Extended Physical Settlement Date. 
If, as at the relevant Extended Physical Settlement Date, the relevant Bond has not been Delivered, then 
Partial Cash Settlement shall apply with respect to such Bond and the relevant Issuer shall pay to the 
Securityholders an amount equal to the Partial Cash Settlement Amount to be apportioned pro rata 
amongst the Securityholders on the Partial Cash Settlement Date. 
4.4 
Rounding 
If the principal amount outstanding of the Bond to be Delivered in respect of each Bond Linked Security 
to be redeemed pursuant to this Bond Linked Condition 4 (Physical Settlement) on any occasion is not 
equal to an authorised denomination (or integral multiple thereof) of such Bonds then the Bond Nominal 
Amount of the Bond to be Delivered will be rounded down so that the principal amount outstanding of 
the Bond being Delivered is equal to the nearest authorised denomination or multiple thereof, or, if none, 
to zero. In such circumstances, the Bonds that were not capable of being Delivered shall, if and to the 
extent practicable, be sold by the relevant Issuer or such other agent as may be appointed by the relevant 
Issuer for such purpose and, if they are so sold, the relevant Issuer shall make payment in respect of each 
Bond Linked Security in an amount equal to its pro rata share of the related net sale proceeds as soon as 
reasonably practicable following receipt thereof. 
4.5 
Delivery and Fees 
The Delivery of any of the Bond pursuant to the provisions of this Bond Linked Condition 4 shall be 
made in such commercially reasonable manner as the relevant Issuer shall, in its sole discretion, determine 
to be appropriate for such Delivery. Subject as set out in the definition of "Deliver", all expenses 
including, without limitation, any applicable depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp 
duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other taxes or duties (together Delivery Expenses) arising from the 
Delivery and/or transfer of the Physical Settlement Amount shall be for the account of the relevant 
Securityholder and no Delivery and/or transfer of the Physical Settlement Amount shall be made until all 
Delivery Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of the Delivery Agent by the relevant Securityholder. 
Delivery and/or transfer of the Bonds shall be delayed until all expenses relating to such Delivery or 
transfer payable by the Securityholders have been paid to the satisfaction of the relevant Issuer. 
4.6 
Asset Transfer Notice 
A Securityholder will not be entitled to any of the amounts or assets specified as being due to it in this 
Bond Linked Condition 4 upon the occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date unless it has complied 
with Bond Linked Condition 4.7 (Physical Settlement Procedures). For so long as the Bond Linked 
Securities are held in any clearing system, any communication from such clearing system on behalf of 
the Securityholder containing the information required in an Asset Transfer Notice will be treated as an 
Asset Transfer Notice. For as long as Securities are represented by a Global Security, surrender of Bond 
Linked Securities for such purpose will be effected by presentation of the Global Security and its 
endorsement to note the nominal amount of Bond Linked Securities to which the relevant Asset Transfer 
Notice relates. 
4.7 
Physical Settlement Procedures 
(a) 
Procedure by Securityholders 
If any Bond Linked Security falls to be redeemed and Physical Settlement is specified to be the 
Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms, any Delivery of Bonds in respect of the 
Physical Settlement Amount shall be in accordance with any applicable securities laws and the 
provisions set out in this Bond Linked Condition 4.7.

--- Page 609 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
 
609 
(i) 
In order to receive the Physical Settlement Amount, the relevant Securityholder shall 
(or shall procure that a depository, custodian or entity with which it has a similar 
relationship in respect of the Securities shall on its behalf), (I) at least three (3) Business 
Days, or such other number of Business Days as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or (II) such lesser number of Business Days determined by the Issuer in its 
sole discretion and notified to Securityholders in respect of the relevant Series of 
Securities, in each case prior to the Physical Settlement Date: 
(A) 
if the Bond Linked Securities are represented by a Global Security, present a 
notice to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, with a copy to any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, 
and the relevant Issuer, via the EUCLID System or any equivalent or successor 
system (a EUCLID Notice); or 
(B) 
if the Bond Linked Security is in definitive form, surrender to the Paying Agent 
or the Registrar, as the case may be, the Definitive Security (which expression 
shall, for the purposes of this Bond Linked Condition 4.7, include Receipt(s) 
and, if applicable, all unmatured Coupons, in accordance with the provisions 
of General Condition 5 (Payments)), a completed Asset Transfer Notice 
substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (the Asset Transfer 
Notice) (a copy of which may be obtained from the specified office of any of 
the Paying Agents) with a copy to the relevant Issuer. 
(ii) 
Each of a EUCLID Notice and an Asset Transfer Notice, as the case may be, is referred 
to herein as a Notice. 
(iii) 
The EUCLID Notice referred to above must: 
(A) 
specify the name and address of the relevant Securityholder and the person 
from whom the Delivery Agent may obtain details for the Delivery of the 
Physical Settlement Amount; 
(B) 
specify the number of Bond Linked Securities which are the subject of such 
notice and the number of the Securityholder's account at DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to be debited with such Bond 
Linked Securities; 
(C) 
irrevocably instruct and authorise DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, to debit the relevant Securityholder's account 
with such Bond Linked Securities on the date on which such Bond Linked 
Securities are redeemed in accordance with Bond Linked Condition 4.1 
(Delivery and payment); 
(D) 
provide the Securityholder's certification that whether it is a U.S. person, or a 
person acting on behalf of a U.S. person, or a person within the United States 
(as such terms are defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act); and 
(E) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings. 
(iv) 
The Asset Transfer Notice referred to above must: 
(A) 
specify the name and address of the person from whom the Delivery Agent 
may obtain details for Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount; 
(B) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings; and

--- Page 610 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
 
610 
(C) 
provide the Securityholder's certification whether it is a U.S. person, or a 
person acting on behalf of a U.S. person, or a person within the United States 
(as such terms are defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act). 
(v) 
No Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the Paying Agent, the Registrar or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be. 
(vi) 
After delivery of such Notice, the relevant Securityholder may not transfer the Bond 
Linked Securities, which are the subject of such Notice, and no transfers of the Bond 
Linked Securities specified therein represented by a Global Security will be effected by 
DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(vii) 
Any determination as to whether a notice is valid and has been properly completed and 
delivered as provided in this Bond Linked Condition 4.7 shall be made by DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, after 
consultation with the Delivery Agent and shall be conclusive and binding on the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Securityholder. 
(b) 
Procedure by the relevant Issuer and others 
Upon receipt of a duly completed Notice and (in the case of Bond Linked Securities in definitive 
form) the Definitive Security to which such Notice relates, the relevant Paying Agent or the 
Registrar, as the case may be, DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
shall verify that the person specified therein as the accountholder is the holder of the Bond 
Linked Securities referred to therein according to its books. 
Subject as provided herein, in relation to each Bond Linked Security, the Physical Settlement 
Amount will be Delivered at the risk of the relevant Securityholder in such commercially 
reasonable manner as the Delivery Agent shall, in its sole discretion, determine to be appropriate 
for such delivery on the Physical Settlement Date for the Bond Linked Securities, provided that 
the relevant Bond Linked Security in definitive form and the Notice are delivered not later than 
the close of business in Luxembourg on the date (the Notice Cut-Off Date) which is five (5) 
Business Days (or such other number of Business Days as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) before the Physical Settlement Date. 
(c) 
Delay or Failure to Deliver Notice 
If the Notice and, in the case of Bond Linked Securities in definitive form, the Definitive Security 
to which such Notice relates, are delivered to the relevant Issuer later than close of business on 
the Notice Cut-Off Date, then the Physical Settlement Amount will be delivered as soon as 
practicable after the due date for redemption of the Bond Linked Securities, at the risk of such 
Securityholder. 
For the avoidance of doubt, without prejudice to Bond Linked Condition 4.1(b) and 4.1(c), such 
Securityholder shall not be entitled to any payment or other assets, whether of interest or 
otherwise, in the event of the Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount falling after the due 
date for redemption of the Bond Linked Securities pursuant to the provisions of this Bond Linked 
Condition 4.7 or otherwise due to circumstances beyond the control of the relevant Issuer. 
If the relevant Securityholder fails to validly deliver a Notice, or procure that a notice is validly 
delivered on its behalf, in the manner set out in these Conditions or delivers a Notice, or procures 
that a Notice is delivered, on any day falling after the day that is 180 calendar days after the 
Notice Cut-Off Date or, in the case of Bond Linked Securities in definitive form, fails to deliver 
the Definitive Security related thereto, or procure that such Definitive Security is delivered, or 
fails to pay the expenses referred to in Bond Linked Condition 4.5 (Delivery and Fees), the 
relevant Issuer shall be discharged from its obligation in respect of such Bond Linked Security 
and shall have no further obligation or liability whatsoever in respect thereof. 
(d) 
Delivery at risk of Securityholder

--- Page 611 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
 
611 
Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount by the relevant Issuer to the Securityholder shall be 
at the risk of the Securityholder and no additional payment or delivery will be due to a 
Securityholder where the Physical Settlement Amount is delivered after its due date in 
circumstances beyond the control of either the relevant Issuer or the Delivery Agent. 
(e) 
No further liability of Issuer 
After delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount by the relevant Issuer to a Securityholder 
pursuant to this Bond Linked Condition 4.7 but prior to the time when the Securityholder (or his 
designee) becomes the holder of the relevant Bond (the Intervening Period), neither the relevant 
Issuer nor its agent or nominee shall (i) be under any obligation to deliver to such Securityholder 
or any subsequent beneficial owner of such relevant Bond any letter, note, notice, circular, 
dividend or any other document or payment whatsoever received by the relevant Issuer or its 
agent or nominee in its capacity as the holder of such relevant Bond, (ii) exercise any or all rights 
(including voting rights) attaching to such relevant Bond during the Intervening Period nor be 
under any obligation to exercise any such rights during the Intervening Period (either on its own 
behalf or on behalf of any Securityholder or any subsequent beneficial owner of such relevant 
Bond), or (iii) be under any liability to such Securityholder or any subsequent beneficial owner 
of such relevant Bond in respect of any loss or damage which such Securityholder or subsequent 
beneficial owner may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of the relevant 
Issuer or its agent or nominee being registered during such Intervening Period as legal owner of 
such relevant Bond. 
(f) 
Escrow 
If Escrow is specified in relation to a Bond as applicable, either the relevant Issuer or any 
Securityholder may require that Physical Settlement take place through the use of an Escrow 
Agent (in the case of any such request by a Securityholder, solely in relation to the Securities 
held by such Securityholder). Any costs or expenses incurred in connection with establishing 
such escrow arrangement shall be borne by the relevant Securityholder. 
5 
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS RELATING TO BOND LINKED SECURITIES 
5.1 
Determinations of the Calculation Agent 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event 
or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted to 
be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the Bond Linked Conditions 
shall be final and binding on the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and the Securityholders in 
accordance with the General Conditions. Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to make any 
determination it may, inter alia, decide issues of construction and legal interpretation. Any delay, deferral 
or forbearance by the Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise of any of its obligations or its 
discretion under the Bond Linked Securities including, without limitation, the giving of any notice by it 
to any person, shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such 
obligation or discretion, and none of the Calculation Agent, the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (if 
applicable) shall, in the absence of wilful misconduct and gross negligence, bear any liability in respect 
of, or consequent upon, any such delay, deferral or forbearance. 
5.2 
Delivery of Notices 
As soon as reasonably practicable after receiving a Bond Event Notice or Notice of Publicly Available 
Information from the Calculation Agent, the relevant Issuer shall inform, or shall procure that the 
Calculation Agent informs the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
5.3 
Bond Nominal Amount 
The Realisable Amount or Physical Settlement Amount, as the case may be, is determined by reference 
to the Bond Nominal Amount, subject as set out below. At the time of such determination, the principal 
amount outstanding of the Bond may not be equal to the Bond Nominal Amount due to a redemption,

--- Page 612 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
 
612 
writedown, accretion or other event relating to the Bond in accordance with its terms and, as a result, such 
principal amount outstanding will be the amount which is realised, Delivered or otherwise valued in 
connection with the calculation of the Realisable Amount or Physical Settlement Amount. 
Securityholders shall not be entitled to any return in respect of the difference between such principal 
amount outstanding and the Bond Nominal Amount as a result thereof provided that where there has been 
an Exchange Event or the Bonds have been redeemed in whole or in part, in each case in the period from, 
and including, the Trade Date to, but excluding the Extension Date, the Realisable Amount or Physical 
Settlement Amount, as the case may be, will take into account such redemption or Exchange Event, in 
each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
5.4 
Effectiveness of Notices 
Any notice referred to in Bond Linked Condition 5.2 (Delivery of Notices) above which is delivered at or 
prior to 5:00 p.m. (London time) on a London Business Day is effective on such date and if delivered 
after such time or on a day that is not a London Business Day, is deemed effective on the next following 
London Business Day. 
6 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Bond Linked Conditions: 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or (provided that 
the Securities are not Italian Listed Securities) Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case unless disapplied 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Affiliate means in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by 
the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or 
indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes control means ownership of a 
majority of the voting power of an entity. 
Asset means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" or other 
consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, incurred, paid or 
provided by the relevant Bond Issuer or a third party (or any value which was realised or capable of being 
realised in circumstances where the right and/or asset no longer exists). 
Asset Market Value means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine by 
reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or pricing source or in accordance with the methodology 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Asset Transfer Notice has the meaning given to such term in Bond Linked Asset Condition 4.7 (Physical 
Settlement Procedures). 
Asset Package means, in respect of an Exchange Event, all of the Assets in the proportion received or 
retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Exchange Event. If the Relevant Holder 
is offered a choice of Assets or a choice of combinations of Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest 
Asset Package. If the Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
Basket BLS means Bond Linked Securities, which are linked to more than one Bond, as, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
BLS Business Day means, in respect of any Bond, a day on which commercial banking and foreign 
exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places specified for that purpose 
with respect to such Bond, a TARGET2 Settlement Day (if "TARGET2 Settlement Day" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms for that purpose, or, if a place or places are not so specified, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settlement payments in the 
jurisdiction of the currency of the related Bond Linked Security and the Bond Nominal Amount).

--- Page 613 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
 
613 
BLS Dealer means (a) a dealer in obligations of the type of Bond for which quotations are to be obtained 
(as selected by the Calculation Agent) and may include the Calculation Agent or its Affiliate and a 
Securityholder or its Affiliate or (b) such other dealer specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Bond means the obligation specified as such in the Final Terms (by identifying, amongst other things, its 
ISIN or other securities identification number, principal amount on issue and any applicable rate of 
interest) with the Bond Nominal Amount specified in the Final Terms provided that, for the purposes of 
determining the Realisable Amount or Physical Settlement Amount, as the case may be, (a) upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event in the period from, and including, the Trade Date to, but excluding, the 
Extension Date, the Asset Package which the Calculation Agent determines a holder of the Bond (a 
Relevant Holder) would have received had it held the Bond with the Bond Nominal Amount specified 
in the Final Terms shall be deemed to form part of the Bond and (b) to the extent the Bond in an amount 
equal to the Bond Nominal Amount is redeemed in whole or in part in the period from, and including, the 
Trade Date to, but excluding, the Extension Date, the term "Bond" shall include a sum of money 
equivalent to the proceeds of such redemption which the Calculation Agent determines the Issuer would 
have received had it held the Bond with such Bond Nominal Amount. 
Bond Currency means the currency or currencies in which a Bond is denominated. 
Bond Event means, in respect of a Bond, the occurrence during the period from, and including, the Trade 
Date to, and including, the Extension Date of one or more of: 
(a) 
a Failure to Pay; 
(b) 
a Repudiation/Moratorium; 
(c) 
a Restructuring; 
(d) 
a Writedown; 
(e) 
the Bond has become capable of being declared due and payable before it would otherwise have 
been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of 
default, or other similar condition or event (howsoever described in the terms and conditions 
governing such Bond as at the Trade Date), other than a failure to make any required payment, 
in respect of the Bond Issuer under the Bond; 
(f) 
the Bond has become due and payable before it would otherwise have been due and payable as 
a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar 
condition or event (however described in the terms and conditions governing such Bond as at 
the Trade Date), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the Bond Issuer 
under the Bond; and 
(g) 
the Bond is redeemed in part or in full for any reason prior to its scheduled maturity date (other 
than for the reason set out in sub-paragraph (f) above), 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Bond Event, such occurrence will constitute a Bond Event 
whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
(i) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Bond Issuer to enter into any Bond; 
(ii) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any 
Bond, however described; 
(iii) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation 
of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, 
order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or

--- Page 614 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
 
614 
(iv) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other 
similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
Bond Event Determination Date means, in respect of any Bond Event, a date on or before the Extension 
Date, on which both a Bond Event Notice and, if Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as 
being applicable in the Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information are delivered by the 
Calculation Agent to the relevant Issuer and by the relevant Issuer to the Securityholders. 
Bond Event Notice means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent (which may be in writing 
(including by facsimile and/or email and/or by telephone) to the relevant Issuer that describes: 
(a) 
a Bond Event that occurred on or after the Trade Date (determined by reference to the Relevant 
Time) and on or prior to the Extension Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time); 
(b) 
if applicable, the Bond Nominal Amount or portion thereof being redeemed; and 
(c) 
the portion of the Bond Linked Securities to be redeemed (which, in the case of a partial 
redemption of the Bond Nominal Amount, shall be in proportion to the portion thereof so 
redeemed).  
A Bond Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Bond Event has occurred. The Bond Event that is the subject of the Bond Event 
Notice need not be continuing on the date the Bond Event Notice is effective. 
For the avoidance of doubt, more than one Bond Event Notice can be delivered in respect of the Securities. 
Bond Issuer means, the party which is the actual obligor of a Bond, as specified in the Final Terms, and 
any successor to such entity, which becomes the obligor under the Bond. 
Bond Nominal Amount means, in respect of each Bond, the principal amount in the Bond Currency of 
such Bond specified in the Final Terms, subject to Bond Linked Condition 5.3. 
Cash Settlement means the settlement method in accordance with Bond Linked Condition 2.2(b) 
(Redemption following the occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date). 
Cash Settlement Date means either: 
(a) 
if "Settlement at Maturity" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the 
date that is the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if a number 
of Business Days is not specified, three (3) Business Days) immediately following the 
determination by the Calculation Agent of the Realisable Amount and the Hedge Amount; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the later of (i) the Scheduled Redemption Date and (ii) three (3) Business Days after 
determination by the Calculation Agent of the Realisable Amount and the Hedge Amount. 
Change in Law means, unless Change in Law is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that, on or after the Trade Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law, solvency or capital requirements), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority or financial authority), or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the relevant 
Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that: 
(a) 
it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Securities or it has become illegal to hold, 
acquire or dispose of (i) any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Securities or (ii) the Bond; 
or 
(b) 
it is unable to receive payments from, or on behalf of, the Bond Issuer or to transfer such amounts 
to a third party; or

--- Page 615 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
 
615 
(c) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without limitation, 
in respect of any tax, solvency or capital requirements) in maintaining the Securities in issue or 
in holding, acquiring or disposing of any relevant hedge positions of the Securities. 
Currency Rate means with respect to a Bond, the rate of conversion between the Settlement Currency 
and the currency in which such Bond is denominated. The relevant rate shall be the rate displayed on the 
Currency Screen Page at the Currency Specified Time or, if no such Currency Screen Page is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or such Currency Screen Page is not available, the relevant rate shall be the 
rate determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Currency Screen Page means the relevant screen page specified in the applicable Final Terms for the 
purpose of determining the relevant exchange rate. 
Currency Specified Time means the specified time specified in the applicable Final Terms for the 
purpose of determining the relevant exchange rate. 
Deliver means to deliver, novate, transfer, assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the 
settlement of the applicable Bond (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking 
any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title and interest in the Bond, to the relevant 
Issuer or the Securityholders, as the case may be, free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or 
encumbrances (including, without limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or 
defence as set out in the definition of "Bond Event") or right of set-off by or of the Bond Issuer. Delivered 
and Delivery will be construed accordingly. 
Delivery Date means, with respect to a Bond, the date such Bond is Delivered. 
Escrow Agent means an independent third party financial institution (a) specified by the relevant Issuer 
prior to the Physical Settlement Date or (b) specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case subject 
to the terms of the escrow arrangement. 
Exchange Event means the Calculation Agent has determined that a Bond has been converted in whole 
or in part into, or exchanged for, any other asset or assets (howsoever described). 
Extended Physical Settlement Date means the number of BLS Business Days specified in the Final 
Terms following the Physical Settlement Date and if such number is not so specified, such date as the 
Calculation Agent may determine in its absolute discretion provided that such date falls no later than the 
120th BLS Business Day following the Physical Settlement Date or, in the absence of such determination, 
such 120th BLS Business Day and provided further that if, under the terms of a Hedge Transaction, the 
Bond may not be received by the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates on or before the Extended 
Physical Settlement Date but the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may, in accordance with the 
terms of the Hedge Transaction, receive or otherwise obtain the Bond in lieu thereof on or before the date 
falling three (3) BLS Business Days after the Extended Physical Settlement Date, such date may be further 
extended to a date falling up to three (3) BLS Business Days after the original Extended Physical 
Settlement Date, or to such earlier date as the Calculation Agent may determine, in its absolute discretion. 
Extension Date means the later of: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Redemption Date (or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, such other 
date falling such number of calendar or Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms 
immediately preceding the Scheduled Redemption Date); and 
(b) 
the third BLS Business Day following the Grace Period Extension Date if: 
(i) 
Failure to Pay is an applicable Bond Event in relation to any Bond; 
(ii) 
Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in relation to such Bond; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Issuer delivers an Extension Notice under sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition thereof.

--- Page 616 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
 
616 
Extension Notice means a notice from the relevant Issuer to the Calculation Agent and the 
Securityholders giving notice of the following in relation to a Bond: 
(a) 
without prejudice to sub-paragraph (b) below, that a Bond Event has occurred or may occur on 
or prior to the Scheduled Redemption Date; or 
(b) 
that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred or may occur on or prior to the Scheduled Redemption 
Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time). 
Failure to Pay means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any 
conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by a Bond Issuer to make, 
when and where due, any payments under the Bond in accordance with the terms of such Bond at the time 
of such failure. The amount due shall be determined without regard to the effect of any provisions 
(howsoever described) of the Bond which: 
(a) 
permits the limitation of due payments or distribution of funds in accordance with the terms of 
the Bond or that provide for the extinguishing or reduction of such payments or distributions; 
(b) 
allows for a writedown of principal or interest without payment of such amounts to the holders 
of the Bond; 
(c) 
permit the limitation of due payments to distribution of funds available from the proceeds of 
certain assets or which provide for the capitalisation or deferral of interest and/or principal on 
the Bond or that provide for extinguishing or reduction of such payments or distributions; 
(d) 
impose a weighted average coupon cap (howsoever described) whereby the interest rate or 
entitlement is limited, decreased or increased and the terms of the Bond do not provide for any 
interest shortfall arising as a result of such provision to be deferred, capitalised or otherwise 
compensated for at any future time; or 
(e) 
allow the Bond Issuer not to gross up any amount due in respect of such Bond where the Bond 
Issuer has been required to withhold or deduct an amount from such sum on account of tax, duty, 
withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted in 
any jurisdiction. 
Full Quotation means, in accordance with the bid quotations provided by the BLS Dealers, each firm 
quotation obtained from a BLS Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for the 
Quotation Amount of the Bond or, as the case may be, Undeliverable Bond. 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central 
bank) of a Bond Issuer or of the jurisdiction of organisation of the relevant Bond Issuer. 
Grace Period means: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (b), the applicable grace period with respect to payments under the 
relevant Bond under the terms of such Bond in effect as of the date as of which such Bond is 
issued; and 
(b) 
if Grace Period Extension is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms in relation 
to the relevant Bond, a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled 
Redemption Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) and the applicable grace period 
cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled Redemption Date (determined by 
reference to the Relevant Time), the Grace Period shall be deemed to be the lesser of such grace 
period and the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no period is specified, 
thirty calendar days.

--- Page 617 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
 
617 
Grace Period Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose in the 
relevant Bond and if a place or places are not so specified, in the jurisdiction of the currency of the Bond. 
Grace Period Extension Date means, if: 
(a) 
Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in relation to a Bond in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(b) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Redemption Date (determined by 
reference to the Relevant Time), 
the date that is the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. 
Hedge Amount means: 
(a) 
if "One-Way Hedge Amount" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency, subject to a minimum of zero, determined by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, expenses (including loss of funding), tax, and duties 
incurred by the relevant Issuer (and/or its Affiliates on its behalf) in connection with the 
redemption of the Bond Linked Securities and/or the termination, settlement or re-establishment 
of any Hedge Transaction on or around the Bond Event Determination Date; 
(b) 
if "Two-Way Hedge Amount" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency (which may be expressed as a positive number or a negative number) 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs and gains 
incurred by the relevant Issuer and/or its Affiliates on its behalf in connection with the 
redemption in whole or in part of the Bond Linked Securities and/or the termination, settlement 
or re-establishment of any Hedge Transaction (in each case, either in whole or in part) on or 
around a Bond Event Determination Date (where a cost will be expressed as a positive number 
and a gain as a negative number); or 
(c) 
if Hedge Amount is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, zero. 
Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that: 
(a) 
In respect of Securities which are not Italian Listed Securities, the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
(if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk including but 
not limited to the currency risk of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (if applicable), in issuing 
and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, 
receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
(b) 
In respect of Securities which are Italian Listed Securities, Hedging Disruption means, unless 
Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts and as a result of an event which is beyond the control of such 
Issuer, Guarantor (if applicable) and/or Affiliate(s) (including, without limitation, any force 
majeure, act of state, change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, 
any tax law), promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including 
any action taken by a taxing authority), to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price 
risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (if 
applicable), issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Italian Listed Securities, 
or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s).

--- Page 618 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
 
618 
Hedge Transaction means any transaction or trading position entered into or held by the relevant Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates to hedge, directly or indirectly, the relevant Issuer's obligations or positions 
(whether in whole or in part) in respect of the Bond Linked Securities (including, without limitation, any 
rate swap transaction, swap option, basis swap, forward rate transaction, commodity swap, commodity 
option, equity or equity index swap, interest rate option, currency transaction, asset swap transaction, 
credit derivative transaction, funding transaction such as, but not limited to, an internal funding 
arrangement or a repurchase transaction or bond position). Solely with respect to and for purpose of any 
Hedge Transactions that are credit derivative transactions, the relevant Issuer will be "Seller". 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest 
rate risk) of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (if applicable), in issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration 
of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Largest Asset Package means, in respect of an Exchange Event, the package of Assets with the highest 
immediately realisable value, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date means, in respect of partial cash settlement due to a 
Potential Cash Settlement Event, 30 calendar days following the Physical Settlement Date (or any earlier 
date designated by the Calculation Agent following any determination by the Calculation Agent that the 
relevant Issuer, or the Delivery Agent on its behalf, is or will be unable to or it will be impractical for the 
relevant Issuer or the Delivery Agent on its behalf to Deliver all or any portion of the Bonds). 
London Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
generally open to settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
Make-Whole Amount means, if specified as applicable in the Final Terms:  
a) the excess of (i) the sum of the present values of each remaining scheduled payment of principal and 
interest on the Bonds to be redeemed (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption), 
discounted to the redemption date on a basis and at a rate (including spread (if any)) determined by 
the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner over (ii) the principal amount of such 
Bonds; or 
b) as otherwise set out in the Final Terms (whether expressed as an amount or a method to determine 
such amount (where any such amount determined by a method set out in the Final Terms will be 
determined by Calculation Agent). 
Merger Event means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date to (but 
excluding) the Scheduled Redemption Date the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) 
consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to, a 
Bond Issuer, or (if applicable) the Guarantor and a Bond Issuer or the relevant Issuer and a Bond Issuer 
become Affiliates. 
Merger Event Redemption Date means the date specified by the relevant Issuer in the notice to 
Securityholders. 
Notice Cut-Off Date has the meaning set out in Bond Linked Condition 4.7(b) (Procedure by the relevant 
Issuer and others).

--- Page 619 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
 
619 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent 
(which may be by telephone) to the relevant Issuer that cites Publicly Available Information confirming 
the occurrence of the Bond Event, as applicable, described in the Bond Event Notice. The notice must 
contain a copy, or a description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If 
Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and a Bond Event 
Notice contains Publicly Available Information, such Bond Event Notice will also be deemed to be a 
Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
Officer's Certification means a note signed by a director (or other substantively equivalent title) of the 
relevant Issuer which shall certify the occurrence of a Bond Event with respect to a Bond. 
Partial Cash Settlement Amount means, where the applicable Settlement Method is Physical 
Settlement, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the Realisable Amount determined 
for the Undeliverable Bond. 
Partial Cash Settlement Date means, in relation to an Undeliverable Bond, the date falling three (3) 
BLS Business Days after the determination of the Realisable Value of such Undeliverable Bond or such 
other date falling such number of BLS Business Days after the determination of the Realisable Amount 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Physical Settlement means the settlement method in accordance with Bond Linked Condition 2.2(a) 
(Redemption following the occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date). 
Physical Settlement Adjustment means a reduction to the Bonds which would otherwise have been 
Delivered in accordance with Bond Linked Condition 4.1 (Delivery and payment) by an amount of Bonds 
having a liquidation value in the Settlement Currency equal to the Hedge Amount (if the Hedge Amount 
is a positive number, representing an amount payable by the relevant Issuer or its Affiliates in connection 
with the termination, settlement or re-hedge of any Hedge Transaction) rounded upwards to the nearest 
whole denomination of a Bond, such amount to be determined by the Calculation Agent. Where the 
applicable Final Terms specify that Hedge Amount is not applicable, the Physical Settlement Adjustment 
shall be zero. 
Physical Settlement Adjustment Rounding Amount means an amount (if any) equal to the absolute 
value of the difference between the Physical Settlement Adjustment and the liquidation value in the 
Settlement Currency of such whole number of Bonds as are not required to be Delivered by the relevant 
Issuer by way of compensation for any Hedge Amount. 
Physical Settlement Amount means, in respect of any Bond, the Bond, as adjusted by any Physical 
Settlement Adjustment. 
Physical Settlement Date means the later of: (a) the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period 
following the occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date or the determination by the Calculation 
Agent of the occurrence of Merger Event or Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, as specified 
in relation to a Bond (b) the date on which the Hedge Amount has been determined. 
Physical Settlement Period means the number of BLS Business Days specified as such in the Final 
Terms or, if a number of BLS Business Days is not so specified, then the longest number of BLS Business 
Days for settlement in accordance with then current market practice of such Bond, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Potential Cash Settlement Event means an event beyond the control of the relevant Issuer (including, 
without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation or court order, 
but excluding markets conditions or any contractual, statutory and/or regulatory restriction relating to the 
relevant Bond, or due to the failure of the Securityholder to give the relevant Issuer details of accounts 
for settlement; or a failure of the Securityholder to open or procure the opening of such accounts or if the 
Securityholders are unable to accept Delivery of the portfolio of Bonds for any other reason).

--- Page 620 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
 
620 
Potential Failure to Pay means an event which would be a Failure to Pay with respect to a Bond save 
for a grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of a grace period applicable to such 
Bond, in accordance with the terms of such Bond at the time of such event. 
Public Source means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if a source is not so specified in the Final Terms, each of Bloomberg Service, Dow Jones 
Telerate Service, Reuter Monitor Money Rates Services, Dow Jones News Wire, Wall Street Journal, 
New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shinbun, Asahi Shinbun, Yomiuri Shinbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, 
Les Echos and The Australian Financial Review (and successor publications), the main source(s) of 
business news in the country in which the Bond is organised and any other internationally recognised 
published or electronically displayed news sources). 
Publicly Available Information means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to 
the determination that the Bond Event, as applicable, described in a Bond Event Notice has occurred and 
which: 
(a) 
has been published in the number of Public Sources specified in the Final Terms, regardless of 
whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information provided that, if either 
the Calculation Agent or the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any of their 
respective Affiliates is cited as the sole source of such information, then such information shall 
not be deemed to be Publicly Available Information unless either the Calculation Agent or the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any of their Affiliates is acting in its capacity as 
trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent, facility agent or agent 
bank for a Bond; 
(b) 
is information received from or published by (i) a Bond Issuer (or a Sovereign Agency in respect 
of a Bond which is a Sovereign) or (ii) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent 
or paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for a Bond Issuer; 
(c) 
is received from the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their Affiliates as the sole holder of the Bond 
with respect to which a Bond Event has occurred; or 
(d) 
is information contained in any petition or filing instituting a proceeding against or by the Bond 
Issuer seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy 
or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its 
winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or 
presented against it, such proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or 
liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty 
calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; or 
(e) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice or filing, however described, of or filed with 
a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, regulatory or judicial 
body. 
In the event that the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Guarantor or any Affiliate thereof is: 
(i) 
the sole source of information in its capacity as trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, 
clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for a Bond; or 
(ii) 
the sole holder of the Bond with respect to which a Bond Event has occurred, 
the Calculation Agent shall be required to deliver to the relevant Issuer an Officer's Certification. 
In relation to any information of any type described in sub-paragraphs (b) to (e) above, the Calculation 
Agent may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement or 
understanding regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party disclosing such 
information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with the Bond Issuer

--- Page 621 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
 
621 
or any Affiliate of the Bond Issuer that would be breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such 
information to third parties. 
Publicly Available Information need not state that such occurrence: 
(A) 
is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period; or 
(B) 
has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Bond Events. 
Quotation means, in respect of a Bond or an Undeliverable Bond, as the case may be, each Full Quotation 
and the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and expressed as an amount payable for the Quotation 
Amount, with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Relevant 
Valuation Date from three (3) or more BLS Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain 
two (2) or more such Full Quotations on the same BLS Business Day within three (3) BLS 
Business Days of a Relevant Valuation Date, then on the next following BLS Business Day (and, 
if necessary, on each BLS Business Day thereafter until the tenth BLS Business Day following 
the applicable Relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full 
Quotations from three (3) or more BLS Dealers and, if two (2) or more Full Quotations are not 
available, a Weighted Average Quotation. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two (2) or 
more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation on the same BLS Business Day on or 
prior to the tenth BLS Business Day following the applicable Relevant Valuation Date the 
Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a BLS Dealer at the 
Valuation Time on such tenth BLS Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the 
weighted average of any firm quotations for the Bond obtained from BLS Dealers at the 
Valuation Time on such tenth BLS Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the 
Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained and a quotation shall be deemed to 
be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on 
such day. 
(b) 
If: 
(i) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
Quotations, such Quotations shall include accrued but unpaid interest; 
(ii) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
Quotations, such Quotations shall not include accrued but unpaid interest; and 
(iii) 
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of Quotations, the Calculation Agent shall determine 
based on then current market practice in the market of the Bond, whether such 
Quotations shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest, all Quotations shall be 
obtained in accordance with this determination; 
(iv) 
any Quotation obtained is expressed by a BLS Dealer as a percentage, the Calculation 
Agent shall, for the purposes hereof, determine what such Quotation would be if 
expressed as an amount payable for the Quotation Amount; and 
(v) 
an Exchange Event has occurred, for the purposes of determining a Quotation in respect 
of the original Bond (to the extent applicable) the Quotation Amount shall be reduced 
by the Calculation Agent (acting in its sole discretion) so that it reflects the proportion 
of the Bond Nominal Amount of the Bond, which has not been affected by the Exchange 
Event. 
Quotation Amount means: 
(a) 
with respect to a Bond or portion thereof, the Bond Nominal Amount or portion thereof at the 
time of the Relevant Valuation Date; and

--- Page 622 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
 
622 
(b) 
with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable Bond or portion thereof, the Bond Nominal 
Amount or portion thereof relating to such Undeliverable Bond (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent). 
Realisable Amount means the realisable value of the Bond or the Undeliverable Bond (or, in each case, 
the portion thereof), as relevant, determined by the Calculation Agent as being the highest Quotation 
obtained by the Calculation Agent (or otherwise in accordance with the definition of "Quotation") with 
respect to the Relevant Valuation Date and expressed in the Settlement Currency using, if applicable a 
conversion rate determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the Currency Rate provided that: 
(a) 
in relation to a Bond that takes the form in whole or in part of cash (including, if specified in the 
Final Terms as applicable, any Make-Whole Amount), the Realisable Amount for such portion 
of the Bond which related to cash shall be equal to the amount of the cash expressed in the 
Settlement Currency using, if applicable, a conversion rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to the Currency Rate; and 
(b) 
in relation to a Bond that has been the subject of an Exchange Event, the Realisable Amount 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, by 
reference to such pricing sources as it deems appropriate in the circumstances and, in the case of 
the Asset Package, by reference to the Asset Market Value of each Asset in the Asset Package. 
Redemption Date means the later of: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Redemption Date; and 
(b) 
the date falling three (3) Business Days after the Extension Date. 
Relevant Time means with respect to any Bond, Greenwich Mean Time, Tokyo time or New York time, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Valuation Date means the Valuation Date or Undeliverable Valuation Date, as the case may 
be. 
Repudiation/Moratorium means an authorised officer of a Bond Issuer or a Governmental Authority: 
(a) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, the 
Bond; or 
(b) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, 
with respect to the Bond. 
Restructuring means the Calculation Agent has determined that, with respect to a Bond, any one or more 
of the following events occurs in a form that binds all holders of such Bond, is agreed between the Bond 
Issuer or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Bond to bind all holders 
of such Bond or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by a Bond Issuer or a Governmental Authority in a 
form that binds all holders of such Bond (including by way of exchange), and such event is not expressly 
provided for under the terms of such Bond in effect as of the Trade Date: 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of nominal or premium payable at maturity or at scheduled redemption 
dates (including by way of redenomination); 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual of interest 
or (ii) the payment of nominal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of the Bond, causing the Subordination of such 
Bond to any other obligation;

--- Page 623 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
 
623 
(e) 
the exchange or conversion of the Bond into any other form of security or asset (howsoever 
described); or 
(f) 
any change in the currency or composition of any payment of interest, nominal or premium to 
any other currency. 
Scheduled Redemption Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. Such date 
shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention. 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if no 
currency is so specified in the Final Terms, the currency of the Bond Linked Securities. 
Settlement Method means: 
(a) 
Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement, as specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if no Settlement Method is specified in the Final Terms, Cash Settlement. 
Single Bond BLS means Bond Linked Securities, which are linked to a single Bond. 
Sovereign means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, ministry, 
department or other authority (including without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
Sovereign Agency means any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority (including, 
without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of a Sovereign. 
Subordination means, with respect to a Bond (the Subordinated Obligation) and another obligation of 
the Bond Issuer to which such Bond is being compared (the Senior Obligation), a contractual, trust or 
other similar arrangement providing that (a) upon the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding 
up of the Bond Issuer, claims of the holders of the Senior Obligation will be satisfied prior to the claims 
of the holders of the Subordinated Obligation or (b) the holders of the Subordinated Obligation will not 
be entitled to receive or retain payments in respect of their claims against the Bond Issuer at any time that 
the Bond Issuer is in payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the Senior Obligation. 
"Subordinated" will be construed accordingly. For purposes of determining whether Subordination exists 
or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another obligation to which it is being compared, 
the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit support or other 
credit enhancement arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the 
foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law shall be taken into account where the Bond Issuer is a 
Sovereign. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Undeliverable Bond means a Bond, or portion of that Bond, which, on the Physical Settlement Date for 
such Bond, the Calculation Agent determines for any reason (including without limitation, failure by the 
Securityholder to deliver an Asset Transfer Notice, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any 
law, regulation, court order or market conditions) it is impossible, impracticable or illegal to Deliver on 
the Physical Settlement Date. 
Undeliverable Valuation Date means the date that is five (5) BLS Business Days after the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date or, as applicable, the Extended Physical Settlement Date. 
Valuation Date means any BLS Business Day falling within the number of BLS Business Days specified 
in the Final Terms or if no such BLS Business Days are specified, within 122 BLS Business Days 
following the Bond Event Determination Date. 
Valuation Time means the time specified in relation to a Bond or, if no time is so specified, 11.00 a.m. 
in the principal trading market for the relevant Bond or Undeliverable Bond, as the case may be.

--- Page 624 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
 
624 
Weighted Average Quotation means, in accordance with the bid quotations provided by the BLS 
Dealers, the weighted average of firm quotations obtained from the BLS Dealers at the Valuation Time, 
to the extent reasonably practicable, each for a face amount of the Bond or Undeliverable Bond, as the 
case may be, of as large a size as available but less than the Quotation Amount that in the aggregate are 
approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
Writedown means the occurrence at any time on or after the Trade Date of: 
(a) 
a writedown or applied loss (however described in the terms of the Bond) resulting in a reduction 
in the amount payable on any payment date (other than as a result of a scheduled or unscheduled 
payment of principal); 
(b) 
the attribution of a principal deficiency or realised loss (however described under the Bond) to 
the Bond resulting in a reduction or subordination of the current interest payable on the Bond; 
(c) 
the forgiveness of any amount of principal by the holders of the Bond pursuant to an amendment 
to the terms of the Bond resulting in a reduction in the amount payable on any payment date; or 
(d) 
the Calculation Agent otherwise determines that there has been an implied writedown of 
principal or interest in respect of the Bond.

--- Page 625 ---
Annex 4 – Alternative Currency Conditions 
 
 
625 
ANNEX 4 – ALTERNATIVE CURRENCY CONDITIONS 
This annex sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities that are Alternative Currency Securities. 
The terms and conditions applicable to Alternative Currency Securities shall comprise the General Conditions 
and the Additional Conditions, in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of 
any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Additional Conditions, the Additional Conditions shall 
prevail. 
The following terms and conditions (the Alternative Currency Conditions) shall apply to the Securities in respect 
of which the applicable Final Terms indicate that "Alternative Currency Conditions" are applicable. These 
Alternative Currency Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
1 
DEFINITIONS 
Alternative Currency means United Sates dollars or such other currency as may be specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms (or any lawful successor currency to that currency). 
Alternative Currency Event means any one of Illiquidity, Non-Transferability and Inconvertibility. 
Alternative Settlement Rate means the spot rate between the Scheduled Payment Currency and the 
Alternative Currency determined by the Calculation Agent, taking into consideration all available 
information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant (including, but not limited to, if the Scheduled 
Payment Currency is CNY, the pricing information obtained from the CNY non-deliverable market 
outside the PRC and/or the CNY exchange market inside the PRC). 
Dual Currency (Interest) Feature has the meaning set out in Part A, Chapter  (Dual Currency (Interest) 
Payoff Feature Conditions) of Annex 7 (Payoff Feature Conditions). 
Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature has the meaning set out in Part B, Chapter 3 (Dual 
Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature Conditions) of Annex 7 (Payoff Feature Conditions). 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of the Scheduled 
Payment Currency Jurisdiction. 
Hong Kong means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China. 
Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, impracticable or illegal for 
the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to convert any amount into or from the Scheduled Payment 
Currency as may be required to be paid by the relevant Issuer under the Securities on any payment date 
or such other amount as may be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion 
at the general Scheduled Payment Currency exchange market in the Scheduled Payment Currency 
Jurisdiction, other than where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure 
of that party to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless 
such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Securities and it is 
impossible for the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the 
relevant Issuer or the relevant Affiliate, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
Interest Currency has the meaning set out in the Dual Currency (Interest) Feature. 
Illiquidity means the general Scheduled Payment Currency exchange market in the Scheduled Payment 
Currency Jurisdiction becomes illiquid as a result of which the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates 
cannot obtain sufficient Scheduled Payment Currency in order to make a payment or perform any other 
of its obligations under the Securities, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner.

--- Page 626 ---
Annex 4 – Alternative Currency Conditions 
 
 
626 
Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, impracticable or illegal 
for the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver the Scheduled Payment Currency between 
accounts inside the Scheduled Payment Currency Jurisdiction or from an account inside the Scheduled 
Payment Currency Jurisdiction to an account outside the Scheduled Payment Currency Jurisdiction, other 
than where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of the relevant 
Issuer and/or the relevant Affiliate to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is 
impossible for the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the 
relevant Issuer and/or the relevant Affiliate, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
PRC means the People's Republic of China. 
Redemption Currency has the meaning set out in the Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature. 
Scheduled Payment Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Scheduled Payment Currency Jurisdiction means (a) if CNY is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the Scheduled Payment Currency, Hong Kong or (b) any other jurisdiction specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms with respect to any Scheduled Payment Currency. 
2 
ALTERNATIVE CURRENCY EVENT 
If an Alternative Currency Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion, exists on a date for payment of any amount in respect of any Security, Receipt or Coupon, the 
relevant Issuer may determine one or more of the following, and require the Calculation Agent to take 
such action or make such determination accordingly, in its sole and absolute discretion: 
(a) 
the relevant payment by the relevant Issuer be postponed to the date falling 10 Business Days 
after the date on which the Alternative Currency Event ceases to exist or, if that would not be 
possible (as determined by the relevant Issuer acting in good faith) as soon as reasonably 
practicable thereafter (provided that, in each case, the relevant payment made on such postponed 
date will be made without any interest or any other additional sum payable in respect of the 
postponement of the payment of such amount); 
(b) 
that the relevant Issuer's obligation to make a payment in Scheduled Payment Currency under 
the terms of the Securities be replaced by an obligation to pay such amount in the Alternative 
Currency (converted at the Alternative Settlement Rate determined by the Calculation Agent as 
of a time selected in good faith by the Calculation Agent); and 
(c) 
by giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with the Conditions, the relevant Issuer, in 
its sole and absolute discretion, may redeem all, but not some only, of the Securities early on a 
date to be specified by the Issuer, each Security being redeemed at its Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount. 
Upon the occurrence of an Alternative Currency Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice, as soon as 
practicable, to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating the 
occurrence of the Alternative Currency Event, giving brief details thereof and the action proposed to be 
taken in relation thereto. 
Any payment made by the relevant Issuer in the Alternative Currency in accordance with these Alternative 
Currency Conditions will constitute valid payment and will not constitute a default in respect of the 
Securities.

--- Page 627 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
 
 
627 
ANNEX 5 – STANDARD PAYOFF CONDITIONS 
The chapters of this annex each set out additional terms and conditions that may apply to the interest and/or 
redemption in respect of the Securities. 
The terms and conditions applicable to the Linked Interest Rate on Linked Interest Securities and/or the 
Redemption Payoff on Linked Redemption Securities shall comprise the General Conditions and the Additional 
Conditions, in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the General Conditions and the Additional Conditions, the Additional Conditions shall prevail. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that a Standard Interest Payoff is applicable for the purposes of a 
Combination Interest Payoff specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, such Standard Interest Payoff 
shall only apply for the purposes of determining the relevant Linked Interest Rate in accordance with such 
Combination Interest Payoff. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that a Standard Redemption Payoff is applicable for the purposes of a 
Combination Redemption Payoff specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, such Standard Redemption 
Payoff shall only apply for the purposes of determining the relevant Redemption Payoff in accordance with such 
Combination Redemption Payoff. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that a Standard Interest Payoff is applicable for the purposes of a Payoff 
Feature specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, such Standard Interest Payoff shall only apply for 
the purposes of determining the relevant Linked Interest Rate in accordance with such Payoff Feature. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that a Standard Redemption Payoff is applicable for the purposes of a Payoff 
Feature specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, such Standard Redemption Payoff shall only apply 
for the purposes of determining the relevant Redemption Payoff in accordance with such Payoff Feature. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that a Standard Redemption Payoff is applicable for the purposes of a 
Redemption Determination Date in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, an Instalment Redemption Amount 
or an Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, such Standard Redemption Payoff shall only apply for the 
purposes of determining the Final Redemption Amount, Instalment Redemption Amount or Early Redemption 
Amount in accordance with the applicable Redemption Method. 
The following chapters comprise the terms and conditions (the Standard Payoff Conditions) that shall apply to 
the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that one or more chapters of the Standard Payoff Conditions 
is applicable. Only those chapters containing a payoff specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable 
will apply to a particular Series of Securities. The Standard Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
The Standard Payoff Conditions are set out as follows: 
Part A 
Standard Interest Payoff Conditions 
The interest payable (if any) on the Securities may (i) be calculated using the Linked Interest Rate determined in 
accordance with one of the chapters which follow (as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), (ii) use one 
or more Linked Interest Rates, determined in accordance with one of the chapters which follow, as component(s) 
of a formula if a Combination Interest Payoff is applicable (as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
as described in greater detail in Annex 6 (Combination Payoff Conditions)), or (iii) be affected by a Payoff Feature 
which is dependent on the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with one of the chapters which follow 
(as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms and as described in greater detail in Annex 7 (Payoff Feature 
Conditions)). 
Standard Fixed Interest 
Chapter 1 
Standard Floating Interest 
Chapter 2

--- Page 628 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
 
 
628 
Standard Floater Interest 
Chapter 3 
Standard Inverse Floater Interest 
Chapter 4 
Standard Participation Interest  
Chapter 5 
Standard Range Accrual Interest 
Chapter 6 
Standard Power Interest 
Chapter 7 
Standard Digital to Participation Interest 
Chapter 8 
Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest 
Chapter 9 
Standard ABF Interest 
Chapter 10 
Standard Fixed Range Accrual Performance Interest 
Chapter 11 
Standard Digital/Performance Interest 
Chapter 12 
Standard Performance Interest 
Chapter 13 
Standard Steepener With Reserve Interest 
Chapter 14 
Standard Memory Digital/Performance Interest  
Chapter 15 
 
Part B 
Standard Redemption Payoff Conditions 
The amount payable on redemption (if any) of the Securities may (i) be calculated using the Redemption Payoff 
determined in accordance with one of the chapters which follow (as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), (ii) use one or more Redemption Payoffs, determined in accordance with one of the chapters which follow, 
as a component of a formula if a Combination Redemption Payoff is applicable (as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and as described in greater detail in Annex 6 (Combination Payoff Conditions)), or (iii) 
be affected by a Payoff Feature which is dependent on the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with one 
of the chapters which follow (as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms and as described in greater detail 
in Annex 7 (Payoff Feature Conditions)). 
Standard Fixed Redemption 
Chapter 1 
Standard Floater Redemption 
Chapter 2 
Standard Participation Redemption 
Chapter 3 
Standard Digital to Participation Redemption 
Chapter 4 
Standard ABF Redemption 
Chapter 5 
Standard Digital/Performance Redemption 
Chapter 6 
Standard Performance Redemption 
Chapter 7 
Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption 
Chapter 8 
Standard Target Volatility Redemption 
Chapter 9 
Standard Drop-Back Redemption 
Chapter 10

--- Page 629 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
629 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 1: Standard Fixed Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Standard Fixed Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Fixed Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Fixed Interest (the Standard Fixed Interest) is applicable. 
These Standard Fixed Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Fixed Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given 
to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
1 
STANDARD FIXED INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated in accordance with the General Conditions and is not affected by 
the value of any Underlying. 
1.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Fixed Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated 
in accordance with General Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Securities). 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Fixed Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of 
any applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with such 
Combination Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with 
Standard Fixed Interest Payoff Condition 1.1(a) shall be used in the relevant Combination Payoff 
Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx, as applicable.

--- Page 630 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
630 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 2: Standard Floating Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Standard Floating Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Floating Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Floating Interest (the Standard Floating Interest) 
is applicable. These Standard Floating Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with 
the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Floating Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in 
the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
2 
STANDARD FLOATING INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated as equal to the Rate of Interest determined in accordance with the 
General Conditions. 
2.1 
Linked Interest Rates 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Floating Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated as equal to the Rate of Interest determined in accordance with General Condition 4.2 
(Interest on Floating Rate Securities). 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Floating Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of 
any applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with such 
Combination Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with 
Standard Floating Interest Payoff Condition 2.1(a) shall be used in the relevant Combination 
Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx.

--- Page 631 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
631 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 3: Standard Floater Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Standard Floater Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Floater Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Floater Interest (the Standard Floater Interest) is applicable. 
These Standard Floater Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Floater Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given 
to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
3 
STANDARD FLOATER INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated as the product of Leverage1 by the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the 
greater of (i) Floor and (ii) Margin added to the result of Leverage2 multiplied by Underlying Valuexy. 
The Underlying Valuexy is calculated by reference to the price, level or rate of the Underlying, or if a 
combination of an Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is specified in the Final Terms, the price, level or rate 
of the Underlyingx and of the Underlyingy at the relevant time, as applicable. The value of the Underlying 
(or, as applicable, the relevant Underlyingx and Underlyingy) will be used as a component in this 
calculation and may therefore affect the Linked Interest Rate, subject to Leverage1, Leverage2, the 
Margin, the Cap and the Floor. 
3.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Floater Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated as follows: 
Leverage1 × Min (Cap, Max (Floor, Leverage2 × Underlying Valuexy + Margin)) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Floater Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx, for the purposes of 
any applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with such 
Combination Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with 
Standard Floater Interest Payoff Condition 3.1(a) shall be used in the relevant Combination 
Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx. 
3.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Standard Floater Interest Payoff Conditions, the applicable Final Terms 
provides that "Relevant Observation" is applicable in respect of the Underlying Value, references in these 
Standard Floater Interest Payoff Conditions to "Underlying Value" (save for the definition of such term 
in Standard Floater Interest Payoff Condition 3.3 below) shall, for the purposes of determining the 
Underlying Value of the Underlying, be deemed to be references to the applicable Relevant Observation. 
3.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Standard Floater Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Interest Observation Date means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, each date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, each date falling such number of Business Days 
immediately preceding the first or last day of such Interest Accrual Period as specified in the applicable

--- Page 632 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
632 
Final Terms, and each such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the 
relevant Asset Conditions. 
Leverage1 or Leverage2 means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this may have a positive or a negative value or, in the case of a number, may 
be one (1). 
Underlying Value means, with respect to an Interest Observation Date or a Relevant Timing, as the case 
may be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price; or  
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be 
equal to zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying 
Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuexy means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of the Underlying; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the 
Underlying Value of such Underlyingy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and 
Underlyingy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingx, Underlyingy), if "Applicable Formula" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination 
of Underlyingx and Underlyingy.

--- Page 633 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
633 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 4: Standard Inverse Floater Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Standard Inverse Floater Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Inverse Floater Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Inverse Floater Interest (the Standard Inverse 
Floater Interest) is applicable. These Standard Inverse Floater Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Inverse Floater Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
4 
STANDARD INVERSE FLOATER INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) Floor and (ii) the 
result of Leverage multiplied by Underlying Valuexy subtracted from Fixed Rate. The Underlying Valuexy 
is calculated by reference to the price, level or rate of the Underlying or, if a combination of an 
Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is specified in the Final Terms, is calculated by reference to the price, 
level or rate of the Underlyingx and of the Underlyingy at the relevant time, as applicable. The value of 
the Underlying (or, as applicable, the relevant Underlyingx and Underlyingy) will be used as a component 
in this calculation and may therefore affect the Linked Interest Rate, subject to the Leverage, the Fixed 
Rate, the Cap and the Floor. 
4.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Inverse Floater Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated as follows: 
Min (Cap, Max (Floor, Fixed Rate - Leverage × Underlying Valuexy)) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Inverse Floater Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with 
such Combination Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with 
Standard Inverse Floater Interest Payoff Condition 4.1(a) shall be used in the relevant 
Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx. 
4.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Standard Inverse Floater Interest Payoff Conditions, the applicable Final Terms 
provides that "Relevant Observation" is applicable in respect of the Underlying Value, references in these 
Standard Inverse Floater Interest Payoff Conditions to "Underlying Value" (save for the definition of such 
term in Standard Inverse Floater Interest Payoff Condition 4.3 below) shall, for the purposes of 
determining the Underlying Value of the Underlying, be deemed to be references to the applicable 
Relevant Observation. 
4.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Standard Inverse Floater Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
Interest Observation Date means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, each date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, each date falling such number of Business Days 
immediately preceding the first or last day of such Interest Accrual Period as specified in the applicable

--- Page 634 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
634 
Final Terms, and each such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the 
relevant Asset Conditions. 
Underlying Value means, with respect to an Interest Observation Date or a Relevant Timing, as the case 
may be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price; or 
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be 
equal to zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying 
Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuexy means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of the Underlying; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the 
Underlying Value of such Underlyingy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and 
Underlyingy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingx, Underlyingy), if "Applicable Formula" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination 
of Underlyingx and Underlyingy.

--- Page 635 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
635 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 5: Standard Participation Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Standard Participation Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Participation Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Participation Interest (the Standard Participation 
Interest) is applicable. These Standard Participation Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Participation Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
5 
STANDARD PARTICIPATION INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated as the sum of P and the lesser of (a) C and (b) the greater of (i) F 
and (ii) L multiplied by the sum of S and the result of the Underlying Valueti divided by the Underlying 
Value1i. 
5.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Participation Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated as follows: 
P+Min (C, Max (F,L× (
Underlying Valueti
Underlying Value1i
+S))) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Participation Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with 
such Combination Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with 
Standard Participation Interest Payoff Condition 5.1(a) shall be used in the relevant Combination 
Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx.

--- Page 636 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
636 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 6: Standard Range Accrual Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Standard Range Accrual Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Range Accrual Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Range Accrual Interest (the Standard Range 
Accrual Interest) is applicable. These Standard Range Accrual Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Range Accrual Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
6 
STANDARD RANGE ACCRUAL INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated as the Accrual Factor (if "Accrual Factor OUT" applies) or 1 
multiplied by an amount equal to the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) Floor and (ii) Margin2 
added to the result of the product of (A) Accrual Factor (if "Accrual Factor IN" applies) or 1 and (B) the 
result of Leverage multiplied by Global Underlying Value on the relevant Interest Observation Date and 
added to Margin1. The Accrual Factor is a number determined by reference to, among other things, the 
Underlying Value. The Global Underlying Value is calculated by reference to the price, level or rate of 
the Global Underlying or, if a combination of a Global Underlyingx and a Global Underlyingy is specified 
in the Final Terms, the price, level or rate of the Global Underlyingx and of the Global Underlyingy, as 
applicable. The Underlying Valuei is calculated by reference to the price, level or rate of the Underlyingi 
or, if a combination of an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy is specified in the Final Terms, the price, 
level or rate of the Underlyingix and of the Underlyingiy at the relevant time, as applicable. The value of 
the Underlying will therefore affect the Linked Interest Rate since (i) the value of the Underlyingi (or, as 
applicable, the relevant Underlyingix and Underlyingiy) affects the value of the Accrual Factor which is 
used as a component of the formula used to calculate the Linked Interest Rate and (ii) the value of the 
Global Underlying (or, as applicable, the Global Underlyingx and the Global Underlyingy) is used as a 
separate component in the formula used to calculate the Linked Interest Rate. 
6.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Range Accrual Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated as follows: 
Accrual Factor OUT × Min (Cap, Max (Floor, (Leverage × Global Underlying Value + Margin1)
× Accrual Factor IN + Margin2))) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Range Accrual Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with 
such Combination Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with 
Standard Range Accrual Interest Payoff Condition 6.1(a) shall be used in the relevant 
Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx as applicable. 
6.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Standard Range Accrual Interest Payoff Conditions, the applicable Final Terms 
provides that "Relevant Observation" is applicable in respect of the Global Underlying Value or 
Underlying Valuei, references in these Standard Range Accrual Interest Payoff Conditions to "Underlying 
Value" (save for the definition of such term in Standard Range Accrual Interest Payoff Condition 6.3

--- Page 637 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
637 
below) shall, for the purposes of determining the Global Underlying Value or Underlying Valuei be 
deemed to be references to the applicable Relevant Observation. 
6.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Standard Range Accrual Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
a means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If a is specified as "Not Applicable", 
a shall be 1. 
Accrual Factor means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period: 
a × n - b × N
N
 
Accrual Factor IN means, if "Accrual Factor IN" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Accrual Factor, otherwise 1. 
Accrual Factor OUT means, if "Accrual Factor OUT" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Accrual Factor, otherwise 1. 
b means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If b is specified as "Not Applicable", 
b shall be 0. 
Global Underlying means any Underlying specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, if applicable. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Global Underlying and, as applicable, all Underlyingi and/or Underlyingix 
and Underlyingiy together constitute a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in 
the applicable Asset Conditions). 
Global Underlyingx or Global Underlyingy means any Underlying specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, if applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, Global Underlyingx, Global Underlyingy and, as 
applicable, all Underlyingi and/or Underlyingix and Underlyingiy together constitute a Basket or a Multi-
Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
Global Underlying Value means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of the Global Underlying on an Interest Observation Date; or 
(b) 
if a combination of a Global Underlyingx and a Global Underlyingy is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Global Underlyingx and the Underlying Value 
of such Global Underlyingy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the relevant formula for the combination of Global Underlyingx and Global 
Underlyingy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Global Underlyingx 
and the Underlying Value of such Global Underlyingy, if "Subtraction" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Global 
Underlyingx and Global Underlyingy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Global Underlyingx by the Underlying 
Value of such Global Underlyingy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Global Underlyingx and 
Global Underlyingy; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Global Underlyingx by the Underlying 
Value of such Global Underlyingy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 638 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
638 
Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Global Underlyingx and Global 
Underlyingy; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Global Underlyingx, Global Underlyingy), if 
"Applicable Formula" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula 
for the combination of Global Underlyingx and Global Underlyingy. 
Interest Observation Date means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, each date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, the date falling such number of Business Days immediately 
preceding the first or last day of such Interest Accrual Period as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
and each such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset 
Conditions. 
Lower Limiti means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
corresponding to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, to Underlyingix and Underlyingiy). 
Margin1 or Margin2 means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this may have a positive or negative value or, in the case of a number, be zero 
(0). 
n means the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Observation Period in respect of 
which each Underlying Valuei is within the Underlying Valuei Range, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. For the purposes hereof, (and where Range Accrual Days are expressed in the applicable Final 
Terms as falling on calendar days which may not be Business Days) the Underlying Value in respect of 
any Range Accrual Day which is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be the Underlying Value in 
respect of either the immediately preceding or the immediately following Business Day, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
N means the total number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Observation Period, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Range Accrual Day means, with respect to an Interest Observation Period, each date specified as a Range 
Accrual Day in the applicable Final Terms, which may be each Business Day, each calendar day, each 
calendar day or Business Day within a week, each calendar day or Business Day within a month, or any 
other day, falling within such Interest Observation Period. Each Range Accrual Day shall be deemed to 
be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Underlyingi means an Underlying corresponding to an i, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the Global Underlying (or, if applicable, Global Underlyingx and Global 
Underlyingy), all Underlyingi and (as applicable) all Underlyingix and Underlyingiy together constitute a 
Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
Underlyingix or Underlyingiy means, an Underlying bearing the subscript "x" or an Underlying bearing 
the subscript "y" respectively, each corresponding to an i, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
if applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the Global Underlying (or, if applicable, Global Underlyingx 
and Global Underlyingy), (as applicable) all Underlyingi, all Underlyingix and Underlyingiy together 
constitute a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset 
Conditions). 
Underlying Value means, with respect to a Range Accrual Day, an Interest Observation Date or a 
Relevant Timing, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level;

--- Page 639 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
639 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price; or  
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price, 
provided that if an Interest Observation Period Cut-Off Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Underlying Value in respect of any Range Accrual Day falling on or after the Interest Observation 
Period Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Underlying Value in respect of the Range Accrual Day 
falling on such Interest Observation Period Cut-Off Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be 
equal to zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying 
Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuei means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of an Underlyingi; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
for the same i: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the 
Underlying Value of such Underlyingiy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingix and 
Underlyingiy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingiy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingiy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingix, Underlyingiy), if "Applicable Formula" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination 
of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy. 
Underlying Valuei Range means the Range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
corresponding to an i. 
Upper Limiti means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
corresponding to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, to Underlyingix and Underlyingiy).

--- Page 640 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
640 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 7: Standard Power Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Standard Power Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Power Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Power Interest (the Standard Power Interest) is applicable. 
These Standard Power Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Power Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given 
to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
7 
STANDARD POWER INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) Floor and (ii) 
Margin added to the result, exponentiated to the power of x, of 1 plus Leverage multiplied by Underlying 
Valuexy. The Underlying Valuexy is calculated by reference to the price, level or rate of the Underlying 
or, if a combination of an Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is specified in the Final Terms, is calculated 
by reference to the price, level or rate of the Underlyingx and of the Underlyingy at the relevant time, as 
applicable. The value of the Underlying (or, as applicable, Underlyingx and Underlyingy) will be used as 
a component in this calculation and will therefore affect the Linked Interest Rate, subject to the Leverage, 
Margin, Cap, Floor and the exponential part of the formula. 
7.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Power Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated as follows: 
Min (Cap, Max (Floor, (1 + Leverage × Underlying Valuexy)
x + Margin)) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Power Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of 
any applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with such 
Combination Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with 
Standard Power Interest Payoff Condition 7.1(a) shall be used in the relevant Combination 
Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx. 
7.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Standard Power Interest Payoff Conditions, the applicable Final Terms 
provides that "Relevant Observation" is applicable in respect of the Underlying Value, references in these 
Standard Power Interest Payoff Conditions to "Underlying Value" (save for the definition of such term in 
Standard Power Interest Payoff Condition 7.3 below) shall, for the purposes of determining the 
Underlying Value of the Underlying, be deemed to be references to the applicable Relevant Observation. 
7.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Standard Power Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Interest Observation Date means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, each date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, the date falling such number of Business Days immediately 
preceding the first or last day of such Interest Accrual Period as specified in the applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 641 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
641 
and each such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset 
Conditions. 
Underlying Value means, with respect to an Interest Observation Date or a Relevant Timing, as the case 
may be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price; or 
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be 
equal to zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying 
Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuexy means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of the Underlying; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the 
Underlying Value of such Underlyingy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and 
Underlyingy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingx, Underlyingy), if "Applicable Formula" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination 
of Underlyingx and Underlyingy. 
x means the value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(1 + Leverage x Underlying Valuexy)x means the result, exponentiated to the power of x, of Leverage 
multiplied by Underlying Valuexy added to 1.

--- Page 642 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
642 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 8: Standard Digital to Participation Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Standard Digital to Participation Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Digital to Participation Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply 
to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Digital to Participation Interest (the 
Standard Digital to Participation Interest) is applicable. These Standard Digital to Participation Interest Payoff 
Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Digital to Participation Interest Payoff Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
8 
STANDARD DIGITAL TO PARTICIPATION INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated as either (a) if the Underlying Valuexy reaches the relevant Barrier 
or is within the relevant Range either on the Interest Observation Date(s) or during the Interest 
Observation Period, being a Fixed Rate or (b) otherwise, being the sum of P and the lesser of (i) C and 
(ii) the greater of (A) F and (B) L multiplied by the sum of S and the result of the Underlying Valueti 
divided by Underlying Value1i. 
8.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Digital to Participation Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period 
shall be calculated as: 
(i) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than IB] [higher than or equal to IB] [lower than 
IB] [lower than or equal to IB] [within Range] [outside Range], either (A) on [the] [the 
current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) 
[at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted 
Days] during the Interest Observation Period, 
equal to Fixed Rate; or 
(ii) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than IB1] [higher than or equal to IB1] [lower than 
IB1] [lower than or equal to IB1] [within Range1] [outside Range1], either (A) on [the] 
[the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, 
or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted 
Days] during the Interest Observation Period, 
equal to Fixed Rate1; or 
(iii) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than IB2] [higher than or equal to IB2] [lower than 
IB2] [lower than or equal to IB2] [within Range2] [outside Range2], either (A) on [the] 
[the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, 
or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted 
Days] during the Interest Observation Period, 
equal to Fixed Rate2; or 
(iv) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than IB3] [higher than or equal to IB3] [lower than 
IB3] [lower than or equal to IB3] [within Range3] [outside Range3], either (A) on [the] 
[the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, 
or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all

--- Page 643 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
643 
Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted 
Days] during the Interest Observation Period, 
equal to Fixed Rate3; or 
(v) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than IB4] [higher than or equal to IB4] [lower than 
IB4] [lower than or equal to IB4] [within Range4] [outside Range4], either (A) on [the] 
[the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, 
or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted 
Days] during the Interest Observation Period, 
equal to Fixed Rate4; or 
(vi) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than IB5] [higher than or equal to IB5] [lower than 
IB5] [lower than or equal to IB5] [within Range5] [outside Range5], either (A) on [the] 
[the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, 
or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted 
Days] during the Interest Observation Period, 
equal to Fixed Rate5; or 
(vii) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than IB6] [higher than or equal to IB6] [lower than 
IB6] [lower than or equal to IB6] [within Range6] [outside Range6], either (A) on [the] 
[the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, 
or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted 
Days] during the Interest Observation Period 
equal to Fixed Rate6; or 
(viii) 
otherwise, equal to: 
P ± Min (C, Max (F, L × (± Underlying Valueti
UnderlyingValue1i
 ± S))) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
If several of the above conditions are satisfied (because the Ranges or Barriers overlap), the 
Linked Interest Rate will be the [highest] [lowest] of the Fixed Rates applicable to these satisfied 
conditions. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Digital to Participation Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx, as 
applicable, for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated 
in accordance with such Combination Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined 
in accordance with Standard Digital to Participation Interest Payoff Condition 8.1(a) shall be 
used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx.

--- Page 644 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
644 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 9: Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply 
to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest (the Standard 
Fixed Range Accrual Interest) is applicable. These Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest Payoff Conditions are 
subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest Payoff Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
9 
STANDARD FIXED RANGE ACCRUAL INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated as (A) in the case of Linear type of Range Accrual payoff, Fixed 
Rate multiplied by Accrual Factor and as (B) in the case of Non-linear type of Range Accrual payoff, the 
Fixed Rate (n) applicable to the n calculated for the relevant Interest Observation Period. The Accrual 
Factor is a number calculated by reference to, among other things, each Underlying Valuei. The 
Underlying Valuei is calculated by reference to the price, level or rate of the relevant Underlyingi or, if a 
combination of an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy is specified in the Final Terms, is calculated by 
reference to the price, level or rate of the relevant Underlyingix and of the relevant Underlyingiy at the 
relevant time, as applicable. The value of each Underlyingi or, as applicable, each Underlyingix and 
Underlyingiy, will therefore affect the value of the Accrual Factor which is used as a component of the 
formula used to calculate the Linked Interest Rate. 
9.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period 
and 
(i) 
in respect to which Linear is specified as applicable in the Final Terms shall be 
calculated as follows: 
Fixed Rate × Accrual Factor 
and expressed as a percentage; and 
(ii) 
in respect to which Non-linear is specified as applicable in the Final Terms shall be 
calculated as follows: 
Fixed Rate (n) for the n applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for 
the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance 
with such Combination Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance 
with Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest Payoff Condition 9.1(a) shall be used in the relevant 
Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx. 
9.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest Payoff Conditions, the applicable Final 
Terms provides that "Relevant Observation" is applicable in respect of the Underlying Value, references 
in these Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest Payoff Conditions to "Underlying Value" (save for the 
definition of such term in Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest Payoff Condition 9.3 below) shall, for

--- Page 645 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
645 
the purposes of determining the Underlying Value of the Underlying, be deemed to be references to the 
applicable Relevant Observation. 
9.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms 
shall have the following meanings: 
a means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If a is specified as "Not Applicable", 
a shall be 1. 
Accrual Factor means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period: 
a × n - b × N
N
 
b means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If b is specified as "Not Applicable", 
b shall be 0. 
Lower Limiti means, in respect of a Range Accrual Day in an Interest Observation Period, the percentage, 
number or a percentage of a previous Underlying Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
corresponding to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, to Underlyingix and Underlyingiy), which specification 
may be of the following type: 
Range Accrual Day 
Lower Limiti 
First Range Accrual Day 
[Fixed percentage or number] 
Subsequent Range Accrual Days 
[percentage] of Underlying Valuei on the immediately 
preceding Range Accrual Day 
 
n means, in respect of an Interest Observation Period, the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant 
Interest Observation Period in respect of which each Underlying Valuei is within the Underlying Valuei 
Range, as determined by the Calculation Agent. For the purposes hereof, (and where Range Accrual Days 
are expressed in the applicable Final Terms as falling on calendar days which may not be Business Days) 
the Underlying Value in respect of any Range Accrual Day which is not a Business Day shall be deemed 
to be the Underlying Value in respect of either the immediately preceding or the immediately following 
Business Day, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N means the total number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Observation Period, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Range Accrual Day means, with respect to an Interest Observation Period and an Underlyingi (or, as 
applicable, an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy), each date specified as a Range Accrual Day in the 
applicable Final Terms, which may be each Business Day, each calendar day, each calendar day or 
Business Day within a week, each calendar day or Business Day within a month, or any other day, falling 
within such Interest Observation Period. Each Range Accrual Day shall be deemed to be an "Observation 
Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Underlyingi means an Underlying corresponding to an i, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. For 
the avoidance of doubt, all Underlyingi and (as applicable) all Underlyingix and Underlyingiy together 
constitute a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset 
Conditions). 
Underlyingix or Underlyingiy means an Underlying bearing the subscript "x" or an Underlying bearing 
the subscript "y" respectively, each corresponding to an i, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
if applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, all Underlyingi (as applicable) and all Underlyingix and 
Underlyingiy together constitute a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the 
applicable Asset Conditions).

--- Page 646 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
646 
Underlying Value means, with respect to a Range Accrual Day or a Relevant Timing, as the case may 
be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price; or 
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price, 
provided that if an Interest Observation Period Cut-Off Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Underlying Value in respect of any Range Accrual Day falling on or after the Interest Observation 
Period Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Underlying Value in respect of the Range Accrual Day 
falling on such Interest Observation Period Cut-Off Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be 
equal to zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying 
Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuei means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of an Underlyingi; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
for the same i: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the 
Underlying Value of such Underlyingiy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingix and 
Underlyingiy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingiy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingiy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingix, Underlyingiy), if "Applicable Formula" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination 
of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy. 
Underlying Valuei Range means the Range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
corresponding to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, the relevant Underlyingix and Underlyingiy).

--- Page 647 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
647 
Upper Limiti means, in respect of any Range Accrual Day in an Interest Observation Period, the 
percentage, number or a percentage of a previous Underlying Value as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and corresponding to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, to Underlyingix and Underlyingiy), which 
may be of the following type: 
Range Accrual Day 
Upper Limiti 
First Range Accrual Day 
[Fixed percentage or number] 
Subsequent Range Accrual Days 
[percentage] of Underlying Valuei on the immediately 
preceding Range Accrual Day

--- Page 648 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
648 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 10: Standard ABF Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Standard ABF Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard ABF Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard ABF Interest (the Standard ABF Interest) is applicable. 
These Standard ABF Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard ABF Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given 
to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
10 
STANDARD ABF INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated as the product of (a) Global Leverage, (b) the FX Conversion 
Factor and (c) the sum of (i) the result of Accrual Factor1 multiplied by Leverage1 and (ii) the result of 
Accrual Factor2 multiplied by Leverage2. 
An Accrual Factor is calculated by reference to the relevant Underlying Valuexy. The Underlying Valuexy 
is calculated by reference to the price, level or rate of the Underlying or, if a combination of an 
Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is specified in the Final Terms, is calculated by reference to the price, 
level or rate of the Underlyingx and of the Underlyingy at the relevant time, as applicable. The value of 
the Underlying (or, as applicable, the relevant Underlyingx and Underlyingy) may therefore affect the 
Linked Interest Rate since the value of the Underlying affects the value of the Accrual Factor, which is 
used as a component of the formula used to calculate the Linked Interest Rate. 
10.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard ABF Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated 
as follows: 
Global Leverage × FX Conversion Factor × ((Leverage1 × Accrual Factor1) + (Leverage2 × Accrual Factor2)) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard ABF Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of 
any applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with such 
Combination Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with 
Standard ABF Interest Payoff Condition 10.1(a) shall be used in the relevant Combination Payoff 
Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx. 
10.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Standard ABF Interest Payoff Conditions, the applicable Final Terms provides 
that "Relevant Observation" is applicable in respect of the Underlying Value, references in these Standard 
ABF Interest Payoff Conditions to "Underlying Value" (save for the definition of such term in Standard 
ABF Interest Payoff Condition 10.3 below) shall, for the purposes of determining the Underlying Value 
of the Underlying, be deemed to be references to the applicable Relevant Observation. 
10.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Standard ABF Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings:

--- Page 649 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
649 
a means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If a is specified as "Not Applicable", 
a shall be 1. 
Accrual Factor1 or Accrual Factor2 means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period: 
a × n - b × N
N
 
b means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If b is specified as "Not Applicable", 
b shall be 0. 
Base Currency has the meaning set out in Annex 1 Chapter 3 (Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset 
Conditions). 
FX Conversion Factor means either one (1) or the FX Strike Level divided by the FX Final Value, as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
FX Final Value means, in respect of the Reference Currency, the exchange rate of one currency for 
another currency expressed as a number of units of the Reference Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) 
per unit of the Base Currency, which is either: 
(a) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms observed by the Calculation Agent on the FX Price 
Source at approximately the applicable Valuation Time on the Final FX Observation Date and 
by reference to the Specified Rate; or 
(b) 
if "Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, based 
on any price determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion (if FX Price 
Source is specified as "Not Applicable as Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination applies" in 
the applicable Final Terms), at approximately the applicable Valuation Time on the Final FX 
Observation Date. 
Final FX Observation Date means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, each date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, the date falling such number of Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms immediately preceding the last day of such Interest Accrual Period 
and each such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the FX Linked Asset 
Conditions. 
FX Price Source has the meaning set out in Annex 1 Chapter 3 (Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset 
Conditions). 
FX Strike Level means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Observation Date means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, each date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, the date falling such number of Business Days immediately 
preceding the first or last day of such Interest Accrual Period as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
and each such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset 
Conditions. 
Leverage1 or Leverage2 means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this may have a positive or a negative value or, in the case of a number, may 
be one (1). 
Lower Range Accrual Level means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
n means the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Observation Period in respect of 
which the Underlying Valuexy is within Rangea (with respect to the determination of Accrual Factor1) or, 
as applicable, Rangeb (with respect to the determination of Accrual Factor2), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. For the purposes hereof, (and where Range Accrual Days are expressed in the

--- Page 650 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
650 
applicable Final Terms as falling on calendar days which may not be Business Days) the Underlying 
Value in respect of any Range Accrual Day which is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be the 
Underlying Value in respect of either the immediately preceding or the immediately following Business 
Day, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N means the total number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Observation Period, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Rangea or Rangeb means the Range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Range Accrual Day means, with respect to an Interest Observation Period, each date specified as a Range 
Accrual Day in the applicable Final Terms, which may be each Business Day, each calendar day, each 
calendar day or Business Day within a week, each calendar day or Business Day within a month, or any 
other day, falling within such Interest Observation Period. Each Range Accrual Day shall be deemed to 
be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Reference Currency has the meaning set out in Annex 1 Chapter 3 (Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset 
Conditions). 
Specified Rate has the meaning set out in Chapter 3 (FX Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset 
Conditions). 
Underlying Value means, with respect to a Range Accrual Day, an Interest Observation Date or a 
Relevant Timing, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price; or  
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price, 
provided that if an Interest Observation Period Cut-Off Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Underlying Value in respect of any Range Accrual Day falling on or after the Interest Observation 
Period Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Underlying Value in respect of the Range Accrual Day 
falling on such Interest Observation Period Cut-Off Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be 
equal to zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying 
Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuexy means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of the Underlying; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is specified in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 651 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
651 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the 
Underlying Value of such Underlyingy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and 
Underlyingy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingx, Underlyingy), if "Applicable Formula" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination 
of Underlyingx and Underlyingy. 
Upper Range Accrual Level means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Valuation Time has the meaning set out in Chapter 3 (FX Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset 
Conditions).

--- Page 652 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
652 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 11: Standard Fixed Range Accrual Performance Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Standard Fixed Range Accrual Performance Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Fixed Range Accrual Performance Interest Payoff 
Conditions) will apply to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Fixed Range Accrual 
Performance Interest (the Standard Fixed Range Accrual Performance Interest) is applicable. These Standard 
Fixed Range Accrual Performance Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms not defined in these Standard Fixed Range Accrual Performance Interest Payoff Conditions 
or elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have 
the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
11 
STANDARD FIXED RANGE ACCRUAL PERFORMANCE INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is the result (A), where the Standard Fixed Range Accrual Performance Interest 
is Linear, of the product of the Fixed Rate multiplied by the Accrual Factor or (B), where the Standard 
Fixed Range Accrual Interest is Non-linear, the Fixed Rate (n) (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) applicable to the number n calculated for the relevant Interest Observation Period. 
11.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to any Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Fixed Range Accrual Performance Interest is applicable will be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
if the type "Linear" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Fixed Rate × Accrual Factor 
expressed as a percentage; or 
(ii) 
if the type "Non-linear" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Fixed Rate (n) applicable to the number n calculated for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to any Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Fixed Range Accrual Performance Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest 
Payoffx, for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition, will be calculated in 
accordance with such Combination Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in 
accordance with Standard Fixed Range Accrual Performance Interest Payoff Condition 11.1(a) 
will be used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest 
Payoffx. 
11.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Standard Fixed Range Accrual Performance Interest Payoff Conditions, the 
following terms will have the following meanings: 
a means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If a is specified as "Not Applicable", 
a shall be 1. 
Accrual Factor means, with respect to any Interest Accrual Period, the result of the following formula: 
a × n - b × N
N

--- Page 653 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
653 
b means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If b is specified as "Not Applicable", 
b shall be 0. 
n means, with respect to any Interest Observation Period, the number of Range Accrual Days during the 
relevant Interest Observation Period on which the Performance_AF is [higher than IB] [higher than or 
equal to IB] [lower than IB] [lower than or equal to IB] [within the Range] [outside the Range] the Range, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
N means, with respect to any Interest Observation Period, the total number of Range Accrual Days during 
such Interest Observation Period, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Range Accrual Day means, with respect to any Interest Observation Period, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Scheduled Trading Day, each Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day, 
each Business Day or each calendar day falling within such Interest Observation Period. Each Range 
Accrual Day is deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions.

--- Page 654 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
654 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 12: Standard Digital/Performance Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Standard Digital/Performance Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Digital/Performance Interest Payoff Conditions) will apply to 
the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Digital/Performance Interest (the Standard 
Digital/Performance Interest) is applicable. These Standard Digital/Performance Interest Payoff Conditions are 
subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms not defined in these Standard Digital/Performance Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
12 
STANDARD DIGITAL/PERFORMANCE INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated as either (a) if the Performance_I reaches the relevant barrier or 
is within the relevant Range either on the Interest Observation Date(s) or during the Interest Observation 
Period, being a Fixed Rate or (b) otherwise, being the sum of P and the lesser of (i) C and (ii) the greater 
of (A) F and (B) L multiplied by the sum of S and Peformance_IA. 
12.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Digital/Performance Interest is applicable for such Interest Accrual Period will be 
calculated as follows: 
(i) 
if the Performance_I is [higher than IB] [higher than or equal to IB] [lower than IB] 
[lower than or equal to IB] [within Range] [outside Range] either (A) on [the] [the 
current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) 
[at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted 
Days] during the Interest Observation Period, 
equal to Fixed Rate;  
(ii) 
otherwise, if the Performance_I is [higher than IB1] [higher than or equal to IB1] [lower 
than IB1] [lower than or equal to IB1] [within Range1] [outside Range1] either (A) on 
[the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period, 
equal to Fixed Rate1;  
(iii) 
otherwise, if the Performance_I is [higher than IB2] [higher than or equal to IB2] [lower 
than IB2] [lower than or equal to IB2] [within Range2] [outside Range2], either (A) on 
[the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
during [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] the Interest Observation Period,  
equal to Fixed Rate2;  
(iv) 
otherwise, if the Performance_I is [higher than IB3] [higher than or equal to IB3] [lower 
than IB3] [lower than or equal to IB3] [within Range3] [outside Range3], either (A) on 
[the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times]

--- Page 655 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
655 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period,  
equal to Fixed Rate3;  
(v) 
otherwise, if the Performance_I is [higher than IB4] [higher than or equal to IB4] [lower 
than IB4] [lower than or equal to IB4] [within Range4] [outside Range4], either (A) on 
[the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period,  
equal to Fixed Rate4;  
(vi) 
otherwise, if the Performance_I is [higher than IB5] [higher than or equal to IB5] [lower 
than IB5] [lower than or equal to IB5] [within Range5] [outside Range5], either (A) on 
[the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period,  
equal to Fixed Rate5;  
(vii) 
otherwise, if the Performance_I is [higher than IB6] [higher than or equal to IB6] [lower 
than IB6] [lower than or equal to IB6] [within Range6] [outside Range6], either (A) on 
[the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period,  
equal to Fixed Rate6;  
(viii) 
in other cases it will be equal to: 
P ± Min (C, Max (F, L × (± Performance IA ± S))) 
If several of the above conditions are satisfied (because the Ranges or Barriers overlap), the 
Linked Interest Rate will be the [highest] [lowest] of the Fixed Rates applicable to these satisfied 
conditions. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Digital/Performance Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx will, 
for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition, be calculated in accordance 
with such Combination Payoff Condition, and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance 
with Standard Digital/Performance Interest Payoff Condition 12.1(a) will be used in the relevant 
Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx.

--- Page 656 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
656 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 13: Standard Performance Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Standard Performance Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Performance Interest Payoff Conditions) will apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Performance Interest (the Standard Performance 
Interest) is applicable. These Standard Performance Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms not defined in these Standard Performance Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given 
to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
13 
STANDARD PERFORMANCE INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated as the sum of P and the lesser of (a) C and (b) the greater of (i) F 
and (ii) L multiplied by the sum of S and Performance_IA. 
 
13.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Performance Interest is applicable for such Interest Accrual Period will be calculated 
as follows: 
P ± Min (C, Max (F, L × (± Performance_IA ± S))) 
expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Performance Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx will, for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition, be calculated in accordance with such 
Combination Payoff Condition, and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with 
Standard Performance Interest Payoff Condition 13.1(a) will be used in the relevant Combination 
Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx.

--- Page 657 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
657 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 14: Standard Steepener with Reserve Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Standard Steepener With Reserve Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Steepener With Reserve Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply 
to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Steepener With Reserve Interest (the 
Standard Steepener With Reserve Interest) is applicable. These Standard Steepener With Reserve Interest Payoff 
Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Steepener With Reserve Interest Payoff Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
14 
STANDARD STEEPENER WITH RESERVE INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated for each Interest Accrual Periodn from (and including) the Initial 
Reserve Accrual Period to (and excluding) the Final Reserve Accrual Period as the lesser of (a) Cap1 
and (b) the sum of Steepenern and Reserven-1 for the relevant Interest Accrual Period. The Linked Interest 
Rate is calculated for each Interest Accrual Periodn from (and including) the Final Reserve Accrual 
Period as the sum of Steepenern and Reserven-1 for the relevant Interest Accrual Period. The Underlying 
Valuexy is calculated by reference to the price, level or rate of the Underlying or, if a combination of an 
Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the price, level or rate of the 
Underlyingx and of the Underlyingy at the relevant time, as applicable. The value of the Underlying (or, 
as applicable, the relevant Underlyingx and Underlyingy) observed on each of the relevant days in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period may therefore each be used as a component in this calculation and may 
therefore affect the Linked Interest Rate, subject to the Cap1, if applicable. 
14.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Steepener With Reserve Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period 
shall be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
for each Interest Accrual Periodn from (and including) the Initial Reserve Accrual 
Period to (and excluding) the Final Reserve Accrual Period: 
Min(Cap1, (Steepenern+ Reserven-1)) 
and expressed as a percentage; 
(ii) 
for each Interest Accrual Periodn from (and including) the Final Reserve Accrual 
Period: 
Steepenern + Reserven-1 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Steepener With Reserve Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx, 
for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in 
accordance with such Combination Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in 
accordance with Standard Steepener With Reserve Interest Payoff Condition 14.1(a) shall be 
used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx. 
14.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Standard Steepener With Reserve Interest Payoff Conditions, the applicable 
Final Terms provides that "Relevant Observation" is applicable in respect of the Underlying Value,

--- Page 658 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
658 
references in these Standard Steepener With Reserve Interest Payoff Conditions to "Underlying Value" 
(save for the definition of such term in Standard Steepener With Reserve Interest Payoff Condition 14.3 
below) shall, for the purposes of determining the Underlying Value of the Underlying, be deemed to be 
references to the applicable Relevant Observation. 
14.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Standard Steepener With Reserve Interest Payoff Conditions, the following 
terms shall have the following meanings: 
Cap1, Cap2 and Cap3 mean the rates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance 
of doubt, these may have a positive or a negative value. 
Final Reserve Accrual Period means the Interest Accrual Period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Floor1, Floor2 and Floor3 each means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, these may have a positive or a negative value. 
Initial Reserve Accrual Period means the Interest Accrual Period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Interest Accrual Periodn means each of the numerical sequence of Interest Accrual Periods, starting 
with the Initial Steepening Accrual Period, as Interest Accrual Period1, and proceeding in chronological 
order thereafter. 
Interest Observation Date means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, each date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, each date falling such number of Business Days 
immediately preceding the first or last day of such Interest Accrual Period as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, and each such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the 
relevant Asset Conditions. 
Leverage means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this may have a positive or a negative value or, in the case of a number, may be one 
(1). 
Linked Interest Raten means the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Standard Steepener 
With Reserve Interest Payoff Condition 14.1(a), in respect of Interest Accrual Periodn. 
Margin means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, this 
may have a positive or a negative value. 
Reserve0 means zero or a percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reserven means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Periodn, the result of the following formula, expressed 
as a percentage: 
Max(Floor3 , (Reserven-1 + Steepenern - Linked Interest Raten)) 
Steepenern means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Periodn, the result of the following formula, expressed 
as a percentage: 
Min(Cap3, Max(Floor1, (Leverage × (Min(Cap2, Underlying Value1) - Max(Floor2, Underlying Value2) - Margin)))) 
Underlying Value means, with respect to an Interest Observation Date or a Relevant Timing, as the case 
may be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price;

--- Page 659 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
659 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price; ot  
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be 
equal to zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying 
Value (if any). 
Underlying Value1 means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the Underlying Value1xy on the 
Interest Observation Date or, where Underlying Value1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
determined by reference to a Relevant Observation, the Underlying Value1xy determined in accordance 
with Standard Steepener with Reserve Interest Payoff Condition 14.2 above.  
Underlying Value1xy means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of the Underlying1; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlying1x and an Underlying1y is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlying1x and the Underlying Value of 
such Underlying1y, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlying1x and Underlying1y; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlying1x and the 
Underlying Value of such Underlying1y, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlying1x and 
Underlying1y; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlying1x by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlying1y, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlying1x and Underlying1y; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlying1x by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlying1y, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlying1x and Underlying1y. 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlying1x, Underlying1y), if "Applicable Formula" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination 
of Underlying1x and Underlying1y. 
Underlying Value2 means the Underlying Value2xy on the Interest Observation Date or, where 
Underlying Value2 is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being determined by reference to a 
Relevant Observation, the Underlying Value2xy determined in accordance with Standard Steepener with 
Reserve Interest Payoff Condition 14.2 above.  
Underlying Value2xy means:

--- Page 660 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
660 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of the Underlying2; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlying2x and an Underlying2y is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlying2x and the Underlying Value of 
such Underlying2y, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlying2x and Underlying2y; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlying2x and the 
Underlying Value of such Underlying2y, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlying2x and 
Underlying2y; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlying2x by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlying2y, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlying2x and Underlying2y; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlying2x by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlying2y, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlying2x and Underlying2y; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlying2x, Underlying2y), if "Applicable Formula" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination 
of Underlying2x and Underlying2y.

--- Page 661 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
661 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 15: Standard Memory Digital/Performance Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Standard Memory Digital/Performance Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Memory Digital/Performance Interest Payoff Conditions) will 
apply to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Memory Digital/Performance Interest 
(the 
Standard 
Memory 
Digital/Performance 
Interest) 
is 
applicable. 
These 
Standard 
Memory 
Digital/Performance Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms. 
All capitalised terms not defined in these Standard Memory Digital/Performance Interest Payoff Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
15 
STANDARD MEMORY DIGITAL/PERFORMANCE INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated as either (a) if the Performance_I reaches the relevant barrier or 
is within the relevant Range either on the Interest Observation Date(s) or during the Interest Observation 
Period, being the sum of the Fixed Rates corresponding to the previous Interest Payment Dates or Interest 
Accrual Periods in respect of which the relevant Fixed Rates have not been paid, or (b) otherwise, being 
the sum of P and the lesser of (i) C and (ii) the greater of (A) F and (B) L multiplied by the sum of S and 
Peformance_IA. 
15.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Memory Digital/Performance Interest is applicable for such Interest Accrual Period 
will be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
if the Performance_I is [higher than IB] [higher than or equal to IB] [lower than IB] 
[lower than or equal to IB] [within Range] [outside Range] either (A) on [the] [the 
current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) 
[at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted 
Days] 
during 
the 
Interest 
Observation 
Period, 
equal 
to:  
∑Fixed Rate (t)
N
t=n+1
 
 
(ii) 
otherwise, if the Performance_I is [higher than IB1] [higher than or equal to IB1] [lower 
than IB1] [lower than or equal to IB1] [within Range1] [outside Range1] either (A) on 
[the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times][on 
all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted 
Days] during the Interest Observation Period, equal to: 
∑Fixed Rate1 (t)
N
t=n+1
 
 
(iii) 
otherwise, if the Performance_I is [higher than IB2] [higher than or equal to IB2] [lower 
than IB2] [lower than or equal to IB2] [within Range2] [outside Range2], either (A) on 
[the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period, equal to:

--- Page 662 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
662 
∑Fixed Rate2 (t)
N
t=n+1
 
 
(iv) 
otherwise, if the Performance_I is [higher than IB3] [higher than or equal to IB3] [lower 
than IB3] [lower than or equal to IB3] [within Range3] [outside Range3], either (A) on 
[the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period, equal to: 
∑Fixed Rate3 (t)
N
t=n+1
 
 
(v) 
otherwise, if the Performance_I is [higher than IB4] [higher than or equal to IB4] [lower 
than IB4] [lower than or equal to IB4] [within Range4] [outside Range4], either (A) on 
[the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period, equal to:  
∑Fixed Rate4 (t)
N
t=n+1
 
 
(vi) 
otherwise, if the Performance_I is [higher than IB5] [higher than or equal to IB5] [lower 
than IB5] [lower than or equal to IB5] [within Range5] [outside Range5], either (A) on 
[the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period, equal to:  
∑Fixed Rate5 (t)
N
t=n+1
 
 
(vii) 
otherwise, if the Performance_I is [higher than IB6] [higher than or equal to IB6] [lower 
than IB6] [lower than or equal to IB6] [within Range6] [outside Range6], either (A) on 
[the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period, equal to: 
  
∑Fixed Rate6 (t)
N
t=n+1
 
 
(viii) 
in other cases it will be equal to: 
P ± Min (C, Max (F, L × (± Performance IA ± S)))

--- Page 663 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
663 
If several of the above conditions are satisfied (because the Ranges or Barriers overlap), the 
Linked Interest Rate will be the [highest] [lowest] of the Fixed Rates applicable to these satisfied 
conditions. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Standard Memory Digital/Performance Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest 
Payoffx will, for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition, be calculated in 
accordance with such Combination Payoff Condition, and the Linked Interest Rate determined 
in accordance with Standard Memory Digital/Performance Interest Payoff Condition 12.1(a) will 
be used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx. 
15.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Memory Interest Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
n is the number of the last Interest Payment Date or Interest Accrual Period in respect of which the 
relevant Fixed Rate has been paid, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If no Fixed Rate has been 
paid prior to the current Interest Payment Date or Interest Accrual Period, the value of “n” will be equal 
to zero. 
N is the number of the current Interest Payment Date or Interest Accrual Period. 
Fixed Rate(t), Fixed Rate1(t), Fixed Rate2(t), Fixed Rate3(t), Fixed Rate4(t), Fixed Rate5(t) and Fixed 
Rate6(t) mean the percentages payable in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date “t” or Interest 
Accrual Period “t”, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 664 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
664 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 1: Standard Fixed Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Standard Fixed Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Fixed Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Fixed Redemption (the Standard Fixed 
Redemption) is applicable. These Standard Fixed Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Fixed Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in 
the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
1 
STANDARD FIXED REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff is calculated as equal to the Fixed Percentage and is not affected by the value of 
any underlying. 
1.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Standard Fixed Redemption is applicable shall be equal to the Fixed Percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Standard Fixed Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with 
such Combination Payoff Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with 
Standard Fixed Redemption Payoff Condition 1.1(a) shall be used in the relevant Combination 
Payoff Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx.

--- Page 665 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
665 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 2: Standard Floater Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Standard Floater Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Floater Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Floater Redemption (the Standard Floater 
Redemption) is applicable. These Standard Floater Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Floater Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
2 
STANDARD FLOATER REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff is calculated on the Redemption Determination Date as the product of Leverage1 
and the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) Floor and (ii) Margin added to the result of Leverage2 
multiplied by Underlying Valuexy. The Underlying Valuexy is calculated by reference to the price, level or 
rate of the Underlying or, if a combination of an Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is specified in the Final 
Terms, is calculated by reference to the price, level or rate of the Underlyingx and of the Underlyingy at 
the relevant time, as applicable. The value of the Underlying (or, as applicable, the relevant Underlyingx 
and Underlyingy) will be used as a component in this calculation and may therefore affect the Redemption 
Payoff, subject to the Leverage1, Leverage2, Margin, Cap and Floor. 
2.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Standard Floater Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption 
Determination Date as follows: 
Leverage1 × (Min (Cap, Max (Floor, Leverage2 × Underlying Valuexy + Margin))) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Standard Floater Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with 
such Combination Payoff Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with 
Standard Floater Redemption Payoff Condition 2.1(a) shall be used in the relevant Combination 
Payoff Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx. 
2.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Standard Floater Redemption Payoff Conditions, the applicable Final Terms 
provides that "Relevant Observation" is applicable in respect of the Underlying Value, references in these 
Standard Floater Redemption Payoff Conditions to "Underlying Value" (save for the definition of such 
term in Standard Floater Redemption Payoff Condition 2.3 below) shall, for the purposes of determining 
the Underlying Value of the Underlying, be deemed to be references to the applicable Relevant 
Observation. 
2.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Standard Floater Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings: 
Leverage1 or Leverage2 means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this may have a positive or a negative value or, in the case of a number, may 
be one (1).

--- Page 666 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
666 
Redemption Determination Date has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions). 
Redemption Observation Date means, with respect to a Redemption Determination Date, each date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, each date falling such number of Business 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms immediately preceding the Redemption Determination Date, 
and each such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset 
Conditions. 
Underlying Value means, with respect to a Redemption Observation Date or a Relevant Timing, as the 
case may be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price; or 
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price. 
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be 
equal to zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying 
Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuexy means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of the Underlying; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the 
Underlying Value of such Underlyingy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and 
Underlyingy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingx, Underlyingy), if "Applicable Formula" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination 
of Underlyingx and Underlyingy.

--- Page 667 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
667

--- Page 668 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
668 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 3: Standard Participation Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Standard Participation Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Participation Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to 
the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Participation Redemption (the Standard 
Participation Redemption) is applicable. These Standard Participation Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject 
to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Participation Redemption Payoff Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
3 
STANDARD PARTICIPATION REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff is calculated on the Redemption Determination Date as the sum of P and the 
lesser of (a) C and (b) the greater of (i) F and (ii) L multiplied by the sum of S and the result of the 
Underlying Value2i divided by the Underlying Value1i. 
3.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Standard Participation Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption 
Determination Date as follows: P ± Max (C, Max (F, L × (±
Underlying Value2𝑖
Underlying Value1𝑖 ± S))) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Standard Participation Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for 
the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance 
with such Combination Payoff Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance 
with Standard Participation Redemption Payoff Condition 3.1(a) shall be used in the relevant 
Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx.

--- Page 669 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
669 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 4: Standard Digital to Participation Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Standard Digital to Participation Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Digital to Participation Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall 
apply to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Digital to Participation Redemption 
(the Standard Digital to Participation Redemption) is applicable. These Standard Digital to Participation 
Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Digital to Participation Redemption Payoff Conditions 
or elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have 
the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
4 
STANDARD DIGITAL TO PARTICIPATION REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff is calculated on the Redemption Determination Date as either (a) if the 
Underlying Valuexy reaches the relevant Barrier or is within the relevant Range on the Redemption 
Observation Date(s) or during the Redemption Observation Period, being a Fixed Percentage or (b) 
otherwise, being the sum of P and the lesser of (i) C and (ii) the greater of (A) F and (B) L multiplied by 
the sum of S and the result of the Underlying Value2i divided by Underlying Value1i.  
4.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Standard Digital to Participation Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such 
Redemption Determination Date as: 
(i) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than FRB] [higher than or equal to FRB] [lower 
than FRB] [lower than or equal to FRB] [within Range] [outside Range] either (A) on 
[the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation Period, 
equal to Fixed Percentage; or 
(ii) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than FRB1] [higher than or equal to FRB1] [lower 
than FRB1] [lower than or equal to FRB1] [within Range1] [outside Range1] either (A) 
on [the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption 
Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at 
all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are 
not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation Period, 
 equal to Fixed Percentage1; or 
(iii) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than FRB2] [higher than or equal to FRB2] [lower 
than FRB2] [lower than or equal to FRB2] [within Range2]  [outside Range2] either (A) 
on [the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption 
Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at 
all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are 
not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation Period,  
equal to Fixed Percentage2; or 
(iv) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than FRB3] [higher than or equal to FRB3] [lower 
than FRB3] [lower than or equal to FRB3] [within Range3] [outside Range3] either (A) 
on [the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption 
Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at

--- Page 670 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
670 
all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are 
not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation Period,  
equal to Fixed Percentage3; or 
(v) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than FRB4] [higher than or equal to FRB4] [lower 
than FRB4] [lower than or equal to FRB4] [within Range4] [outside Range4], either (A) 
on [the] [the last] [each] [each previous] [at least one previous] Redemption 
Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at 
all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are 
not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation Period,  
equal to Fixed Percentage4; or 
(vi) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than FRB5] [higher than or equal to FRB5] [lower 
than FRB5] [lower than or equal to FRB5] [within Range5] [outside Range5] either (A) 
on [the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption 
Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at 
all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are 
not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation Period,  
equal to Fixed Percentage5; or 
(vii) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than FRB6] [higher than or equal to FRB6] [lower 
than FRB6] [lower than or equal to FRB6] [within Range6] [outside Range6] either (A) 
on [the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption 
Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at 
all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are 
not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation Period, 
equal to Fixed Percentage6; or 
(viii) 
otherwise, equal to: 
P ± Min (C, Max (F, L × (Underlying Value2i
Underlying Value1i
 ± S))) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
If several of the above conditions are satisfied (because the Ranges or Barriers overlap), the 
Redemption Payoff will be the [highest] [lowest] of the Fixed Percentages applicable to these 
satisfied conditions. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Standard Digital to Participation Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption 
Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in 
accordance with such Combination Payoff Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in 
accordance with Standard Digital to Participation Redemption Payoff Condition 4.1(a) shall be 
used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx.

--- Page 671 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
671 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 5: Standard ABF Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Standard ABF Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard ABF Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard ABF Redemption (the Standard ABF Redemption) 
is applicable. These Standard ABF Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with 
the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard ABF Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in 
the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
5 
STANDARD ABF REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff is calculated as (a) one (1), minus (b) Global Leverage multiplied by the sum of 
(i) the result of Accrual Factor1 multiplied by Leverage1 and (ii) the result of Accrual Factor2 multiplied 
by Leverage2. 
An Accrual Factor is calculated by reference to, among other things, the relevant Underlying Valuexy. 
The Underlying Valuexy is calculated by reference to the price, level or rate of the Underlying or, if a 
combination of an Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is specified in the Final Terms, is calculated by 
reference to the price, level or rate of the Underlyingx and of the Underlyingy at the relevant time, as 
applicable. The value of the Underlying, or (as applicable) of Underlyingx and Underlyingy, may therefore 
affect the Redemption Payoff since the value of the Underlying affects the value of the Accrual Factor, 
which is used as a component of the formula used to calculate the Redemption Payoff. 
5.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Observation Date for Securities for which 
Standard ABF Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption Determination 
Date as follows: 
1 - (Global Leverage × ((Leverage1 × Accrual Factor1) + (Leverage2 × Accrual Factor2))) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Standard ABF Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with 
such Combination Payoff Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with 
Standard ABF Redemption Payoff Condition 5.1(a) shall be used in the relevant Combination 
Payoff Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx. 
5.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Standard ABF Redemption Payoff Conditions, the applicable Final Terms 
provides that "Relevant Observation" is applicable in respect of the Underlying Value, references in these 
Standard ABF Redemption Payoff Conditions to "Underlying Value" (save for the definition of such term 
in Standard ABF Redemption Payoff Condition 5.3 below) shall, for the purposes of determining the 
Underlying Value of the Underlying, be deemed to be references to the applicable Relevant Observation. 
5.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Standard ABF Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings:

--- Page 672 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
672 
Accrual Factor1 means, with respect to a Redemption Observation Period, the number of Range Accrual 
Days in the relevant Redemption Observation Period in respect of which the Underlying Valuexy was 
within Rangea, divided by the total number of Range Accrual Days in such Redemption Observation 
Period, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. For the purposes hereof, (and where Range 
Accrual Days are expressed in the applicable Final Terms as falling on calendar days which may not be 
Business Days) the Underlying Valuexy in respect of any Range Accrual Day which is not a Business Day 
shall be deemed to be the Underlying Valuexy in respect of either the immediately preceding or the 
immediately following Business Day, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Accrual Factor2 means, with respect to a Redemption Observation Period, the number of Range Accrual 
Days in the relevant Redemption Observation Period in respect of which the Underlying Valuexy was 
within Rangeb, divided by the total number of Range Accrual Days in such Redemption Observation 
Period, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. For the purposes hereof, (and where Range 
Accrual Days are expressed in the applicable Final Terms as falling on calendar days which may not be 
Business Days) the Underlying Valuexy in respect of any Range Accrual Day which is not a Business Day 
shall be deemed to be the Underlying Valuexy in respect of either the immediately preceding or the 
immediately following Business Day, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Leverage1 or Leverage2 means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this may have a positive or a negative value or, in the case of a number, may 
be one (1). 
Lower Range Accrual Level means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Rangea means the Range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rangeb means the Range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Range Accrual Day means, with respect to a Redemption Observation Period, each date specified as a 
Range Accrual Day in the applicable Final Terms, which may be each Business Day, each calendar day, 
each calendar day or Business Day within a week, each calendar day or Business Day within a month, or 
any other day, falling within such Redemption Observation Period. Each Range Accrual Day shall be 
deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Redemption Observation Date means, with respect to a Redemption Observation Period, each date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, each date falling such number of Business 
Days immediately preceding the first or last day of such Redemption Observation Period as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, and each such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the 
purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Redemption Observation Period means: 
(a) 
with respect to Securities, other than Instalment Securities or for the purposes of calculating an 
Early Redemption Amount, the period specified as the Redemption Observation Period in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
with respect to Instalment Securities, the period from and including the Commencement Date to 
but excluding the date falling such number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms immediately preceding the first Instalment Date and each successive period beginning on 
but excluding the date falling such number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms immediately preceding an Instalment Date to and including the date falling such number 
of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms immediately preceding the following 
Instalment Date; or 
(c) 
for the purposes of calculating an Early Redemption Amount, the period from and including the 
Commencement Date to and including the date falling such number of Business Days as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to the Early Redemption Date.

--- Page 673 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
673 
Redemption Observation Period Cut-Off Date means the date as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Underlying Value means, with respect to a Range Accrual Day, a Redemption Observation Date or a 
Relevant Timing, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price; or 
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price, 
provided that if a Redemption Observation Period Cut-Off Date is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Underlying Value in respect of any Range Accrual Day falling on or after the 
Redemption Observation Period Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Underlying Value in respect of 
the Range Accrual Day falling on such Redemption Observation Period Cut-Off Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be 
equal to zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying 
Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuexy means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of the Underlying; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the 
Underlying Value of such Underlyingy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and 
Underlyingy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingx, Underlyingy), if "Applicable Formula" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination 
of Underlyingx and Underlyingy.

--- Page 674 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
674 
Upper Range Accrual Level means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Redemption 
Payoff, they will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined 
in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 675 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
675 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 6: Standard Digital/Performance Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Standard Digital/Performance Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Digital/Performance Redemption Payoff Conditions) will 
apply to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Digital/Performance Redemption (the 
Standard Digital/Performance Redemption) is applicable. These Standard Digital/Performance Redemption 
Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms not defined in these Standard Digital/Performance Redemption Payoff Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
6 
STANDARD DIGITAL/PERFORMANCE REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff is calculated on the Redemption Determination Date as, if the relevant 
Performance_FR reaches the relevant Barrier or is within the relevant Range on the Redemption 
Observation Date(s) or during the Redemption Observation Period, being the sum of P and the lesser of 
(i) C and (ii) the greater of (A) F and (B) L multiplied by the sum of S and the result of the relevant 
Performance_RA.  
6.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Standard Digital/Performance Redemption is applicable will be calculated on such Redemption 
Determination Date as follows, expressed as a percentage: 
(i) 
If the [Performance_FR] [Performance_FR1] is [higher than FRB1] [higher than or 
equal to FRB1] [lower than FRB1] [lower than or equal to FRB1] [within Range1] 
[outside Range1] either (A) on [the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each 
previous] Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one 
Scheduled Trading Day] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day which is not a 
Disrupted Day]  [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled 
Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days]  during the Redemption Observation 
Period: 
P1 ± Min (C1, Max (F1,  L1 × (± Performance_RA1 ± S1))) 
(ii) 
Otherwise, if the [Performance_FR] [Performance_FR2] is [higher than FRB2] [higher 
than or equal to FRB2] [lower than FRB2] [lower than or equal to FRB2] [within 
Range2] [outside Range2] either (A) on [the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] 
[each previous] Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one 
Scheduled Trading Day] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day which is not a 
Disrupted Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading 
Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation Period: 
P2 ± Min (C2, Max (F2,  L2 × (± Performance_RA2 ± S2))) 
(iii) 
Otherwise, if the [Performance_FR] [Performance_FR3] is [higher than FRB3] [higher 
than or equal to FRB3] [lower than FRB3] [lower than or equal to FRB3] [within 
Range3] [outside Range3] either (A) on [the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] 
[each previous] Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one 
Scheduled Trading Day] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day which is not a 
Disrupted Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading 
Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation Period:

--- Page 676 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
676 
P3 ± Min (C3, Max (F3,  L3 × (± Performance_RA3 ± S3))) 
(iv) 
Otherwise, if the [Performance_FR] [Performance_FR4] is [higher than FRB4] [higher 
than or equal to FRB4] [lower than FRB4] [lower than or equal to FRB4] [within 
Range4] [outside Range4] either (A) on [the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] 
[each previous] Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one 
Scheduled Trading Day] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day which is not a 
Disrupted Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading 
Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation Period: 
P4 ± Min (C4, Max (F4,  L4 × (± Performance_RA4 ± S4))) 
(v) 
Otherwise, if the [Performance_FR] [Performance_FR5] is [higher than FRB5] [higher 
than or equal to FRB5] [lower than FRB5] [lower than or equal to FRB5] [within 
Range5] [outside Range5] either (A) on [the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] 
[each previous] Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one 
Scheduled Trading Day] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day which is not a 
Disrupted Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading 
Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation Period: 
P5 ± Min (C5, Max (F5,  L5 × (± Performance_RA5 ± S5))) 
(vi) 
Otherwise, if the [Performance_FR] [Performance_FR6] is [higher than FRB6] [higher 
than or equal to FRB6] [lower than FRB6] [lower than or equal to FRB6] [within 
Range6] [outside Range6] either (A) on [the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] 
[each previous] Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one 
Scheduled Trading Day] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day which is not a 
Disrupted Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading 
Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation Period: 
P6 ± Min (C6, Max (F6,  L6 × (± Performance_RA6 ± S6))) 
(vii) 
Otherwise: 
P ± Min (C, Max (F,  L × (± Performance_RA ± S))) 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Standard Digital/Performance Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption 
Payoffx will, for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition, be calculated in 
accordance with such Combination Payoff Condition, and the Redemption Payoff determined in 
accordance with Standard Digital/Performance Redemption Payoff Condition 6.1(a) will be used 
in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx.

--- Page 677 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
677 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 7: Standard Performance Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Standard Performance Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Performance Redemption Payoff Conditions) will apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Performance Redemption (the Standard 
Performance Redemption) is applicable. These Standard Performance Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject 
to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms not defined in these Standard Performance Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in 
the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
7 
STANDARD PERFORMANCE REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff is calculated on the Redemption Determination Date as the sum of P and the 
lesser of (a) C and (b) the greater of (i) F and (ii) L multiplied by the sum of S and Performance_RA. 
7.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Standard Performance Redemption is applicable will be calculated on such Redemption 
Determination Date as follows, expressed as a percentage: 
P ± Min (C, Max (F, L × (± Performance_RA ± S))) 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Standard Performance Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx will, 
for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition, be calculated in accordance 
with such Combination Payoff Condition, and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance 
with Standard Performance Redemption Payoff Condition 7.1(a) will be used in the relevant 
Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx.

--- Page 678 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
678 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 8: Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall 
apply to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption (the 
Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption) is applicable. These Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption 
Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption Payoff Conditions 
or elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
8 
STANDARD FIXED RANGE ACCRUAL REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff is calculated as (a) in the case of Linear type of Range Accrual payoff, Fixed 
Percentage multiplied by Accrual Factor and as (b) in the case of Non-linear type of Range Accrual 
payoff, the Fixed Percentagen for the "n" applicable in respect of the Redemption Observation Period.  
The Accrual Factor is a number calculated by dividing (i) the product of "a" and "n" minus the product 
of "b" and "N" by (ii) "N". "a" and "b" are numbers specified in the applicable Final Terms, "n" is the 
number of Range Accrual Days during the relevant Redemption Observation Period on which each 
Underlying Valuei is within the Underlying Valuei Range and "N" is the total number of Range Accrual 
Days in the relevant Redemption Observation Period. Subject as provided below, the Underlying Valuei 
reflects the price, level or rate of the relevant Underlyingi or (if a combination of an Underlyingix and an 
Underlyingiy is specified in the Final Terms) the sum of, algebraical difference between, product of or 
quotient of, the price, level or rate of the relevant Underlyingix and the price, level or rate of the relevant 
Underlyingiy (without regard to any currency of denomination of such price, level or rate, as the case 
may be) at the relevant time. The value of the Underlyingi or, as applicable, each Underlyingix and 
Underlyingiy, will therefore affect the value of the Accrual Factor which is used as a component of the 
formula used to calculate the Redemption Payoff. 
8.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption is applicable on such Redemption Determination 
Date and: 
(i) 
in respect to which "Linear" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
shall be calculated as follows: 
Fixed Percentage × Accrual Factor 
and expressed as a percentage; and 
(ii) 
in respect to which "Non-linear" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, shall be 
calculated as follows: 
Fixed Percentagen for the n applicable in respect of the Redemption Observation Period. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption 
Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in 
accordance with such Combination Payoff Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in 
accordance with Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption Payoff Condition 8.1(a) shall be 
used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx.

--- Page 679 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
679 
8.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption Payoff Conditions, the applicable 
Final Terms provides that "Relevant Observation" is applicable in respect of the Underlying Value1, 
references in these Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption Payoff Conditions to "Underlying Value" 
(save for the definition of such term in Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption Payoff Condition 8.3 
below) shall, for the purposes of determining the Underlying Value of the Underlying, be deemed to be 
references to the applicable Relevant Observation. For the purposes of these Standard Fixed Range 
Accrual Redemption Payoff Conditions: 
8.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following 
terms will have the following meanings: 
a means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If a is specified as "Not Applicable", 
a shall be 1. 
Accrual Factor means, with respect to a Redemption Observation Period: 
a × n - b × N
N
 
b means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If b is specified as "Not Applicable", 
b shall be 0. 
Commencement Date means the Issue Date or such other date falling prior to the Issue Date and specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Percentage means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Percentagen means the rate specified for each "n" in the applicable Final Terms. 
i means a number, which corresponds to an item specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lower Limiti means, in respect of a Range Accrual Day in a Redemption Observation Period, the 
percentage, number or a percentage of a previous Underlying Value as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and corresponding to an i which specification may be of the following type: 
Range Accrual Day 
Lower Limiti 
First Range Accrual Day 
[Fixed percentage or number] 
Subsequent Accrual Range 
Days 
A percentage of Underlying Valuei on the immediately preceding Range 
Accrual Day 
 
n means the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Redemption Observation Period in respect of 
which each Underlying Valuei is within the Underlying Valuei Range, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. For the purposes hereof, (and where Range Accrual Days are expressed in the applicable Final 
Terms as falling on calendar days which may not be Business Days) the Underlying Value in respect of 
any Range Accrual Day which is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be the Underlying Value in 
respect of either the immediately preceding or the immediately following Business Day, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
N means the total number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Redemption Observation Period, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Range Accrual Day means, with respect to a Redemption Observation Period, each date specified as a 
Range Accrual Day in the applicable Final Terms, which may be each Business Day, each calendar day,

--- Page 680 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
680 
each calendar day or Business Day within a week, each calendar day or Business Day within a month, or 
any other day, falling within such Redemption Observation Period. Each Range Accrual Day shall be 
deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Redemption Observation Period means: 
(a) 
with respect to Securities other than Instalment Securities or for the purposes of calculating an 
Early Redemption Amount, the period specified as the Redemption Observation Period in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
with respect to Instalment Securities, the period from and including the Commencement Date to 
but excluding the date falling such number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms immediately preceding the first Instalment Date and each successive period beginning on 
and including the date falling such number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms immediately preceding an Instalment Date to but excluding the date falling such number 
of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms immediately preceding the following 
Instalment Date; or 
(c) 
for the purposes of calculating an Early Redemption Amount, the period from and including the 
Commencement Date to and including the date falling such number of Business Days as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to the Early Redemption Date. 
Redemption Observation Period Cut-Off Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Underlyingi means an Underlying corresponding to an i, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. For 
the avoidance of doubt, all Underlyingi, Underlyingix and Underlyingiy together constitute a Basket or a 
Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
Underlyingix or Underlyingiy means an Underlying bearing the subscript "x" or an Underlying bearing 
the subscript "y", respectively, each corresponding to an i, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
if applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, all Underlyingi, Underlyingix and Underlyingiy together 
constitute a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset 
Conditions). 
Underlying Value means, with respect to a Range Accrual Day or a Relevant Timing, as the case may 
be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying, which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying, which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying, which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying, which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price; or 
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price, 
provided that if a Redemption Observation Period Cut-Off Date is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Underlying Value in respect of any Range Accrual Day falling on or after the 
Redemption Observation Period Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Underlying Value in respect of 
the Range Accrual Day falling on such Redemption Observation Period Cut-Off Date.

--- Page 681 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
681 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be 
equal to zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying 
Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuei means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of an Underlyingi; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
for the same i: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the 
Underlying Value of such Underlyingiy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingix and 
Underlyingiy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingiy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingiy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingix, Underlyingiy), if "Applicable Formula" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination 
of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy. 
Underlying Valuei Range means the Range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
corresponding to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, the relevant Underlyingix and Underlyingiy). 
Upper Limiti means, in respect of any Range Accrual Day in a Redemption Observation Period, the 
percentage, number or a percentage of a previous Underlying Value as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and corresponding to an i, which may be of the following type: 
Range Accrual Day 
Upper Limiti 
First Range Accrual Day 
[Fixed percentage or number] 
Subsequent Range Accrual 
Days 
A percentage of Underlying Valuei on the immediately preceding Range 
Accrual Day

--- Page 682 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
682 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 9: Standard Target Volatility Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Standard Target Volatility Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Target Volatility Redemption Payoff Conditions) will apply to 
the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Target Volatility Redemption (the Standard 
Target Volatility Redemption) is applicable. These Standard Target Volatility Redemption Payoff Conditions are 
subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms not defined in these Standard Target Volatility Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
9 
STANDARD TARGET VOLATILITY REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff is calculated on the Redemption Determination Date as the final notional cash 
balance as a percentage of the initial notional cash balance. 
9.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Standard Target Volatility Redemption is applicable on such Redemption Determination Date 
will be calculated as follows: 
Max(0; Notional Cash Balance) 
and expressed as a percentage of NCB0. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Standard Target Volatility Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx 
for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in 
accordance with such Combination Payoff Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in 
accordance with Standard Target Volatility Redemption Payoff Condition 9.1(a) shall be used in 
the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx. 
9.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Standard Target Volatility Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms 
will have the following meanings: 
Aggregate Underlying Unitst means, on each Redemption Observation Datet, the result of the following 
formula: 
Aggregate Underlying Unitst-1 + Underlying Delta Unitst 
where: 
Aggregate Underlying Units0 means zero, or such other number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Aggregate Underlying Value0 means zero, or such other number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Aggregate Underlying Valuet means, on each Redemption Observation Datet, the result of the following 
formula: 
Aggregate Underlying Unitst × Underlying Valuet 
Cost Rate means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 683 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
683 
DCFc means in respect of a Redemption Observation Datet, the actual number of calendar days in the 
period from, and including, the immediately preceding Redemption Observation Datet-1 to, but excluding, 
that Redemption Observation Datet (such period, a Target Volatility Redemption Observation Period), 
divided by 365, or such other Day Count Fraction specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, and for 
the purpose of this paragraph, references in the definition of "Day Count Fraction" to an Interest Accrual 
Period shall be deemed to be references to a Target Volatility Redemption Observation Period. 
DCFi means in respect of a Redemption Observation Datet, the actual number of calendar days in the 
period from, and including, the immediately preceding Redemption Observation Datet-1 to, but excluding, 
that Redemption Observation Datet (such period, a Target Volatility Redemption Observation Period), 
divided by 360, or such other Day Count Fraction specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, and for 
the purpose of this paragraph, references in the definition of "Day Count Fraction" to an Interest Accrual 
Period shall be deemed to be references to a Target Volatility Redemption Observation Period. 
Deposit Rate means the Benchmark Rate (as defined in the Rate Linked Asset Conditions) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Deposit Rate0 means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Deposit Ratet means, on each Redemption Observation Datet, the Benchmark Rate Level for the Deposit 
Rate, determined as if the Rate Linked Asset Conditions apply, where relevant, to these Securities. 
Histvolb
a means, for a given value of "a" and a given Relevant Business Day "b", the result of the following 
formula: 
√252×
√a× ∑
ln (
Underlying Valuej
Underlying Valuej-1
)
2
b-1
j=b-a
- (∑
ln (
Underlying Valuej
Underlying Valuej-1
)
b-1
j=b-a
)
2
a(a-1)
 
where: 
ln means the mathematical term natural logarithm. 
∑
(x)
b-1
j=b-a
 means the summation of "x" for each Relevant Business Day in a sequence of "a" 
minus one (1) Relevant Business Days (starting on the day falling "a" number of Relevant 
Business Days prior to "b" and ending on the day falling one Relevant Business Day prior to 
"b"). 
Underlying Valuej
Underlying  Valuej-1 means, on any Relevant Business Day, the Underlying Value on such day, 
divided by the Underlying Value on the previous Relevant Business Day. 
lag means the number of Relevant Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
n1 means the number of Relevant Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
n2 means the number of Relevant Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
NCBt means, on each Redemption Observation Datet, the result of the following formula: 
NCBt-1 - Underlying Delta Units Valuet + (Deposit Ratet-1 × NCBt-1 × DCFi) - (Cost Rate × Strategy Valuet-1 × DCFc) 
NCB0 means the Specified Denomination or such other amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Notional Cash Balance means NCBt as at the final Redemption Observation Date. 
Redemption Determination Date has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions).

--- Page 684 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
684 
Redemption Observation Date means, with respect to a Redemption Determination Date, each date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, each date falling such number of Business 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms immediately preceding the Redemption Determination Date, 
and each such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset 
Conditions. 
Redemption Observation Datet means each of the numerical sequence of Redemption Observation 
Dates, starting with the first one, Redemption Observation Date1, and proceeding in chronological order 
thereafter. 
Relevant Business Days means the type of business days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Strategy Value0 means the result of the following formula: 
NCB0 + Aggregate Underlying Value0 
Strategy Valuet means, on each Redemption Observation Datet, the result of the following formula: 
Aggregate Underlying Valuet + NCBt 
TAt means, on each Redemption Observation Datet, the result of the following formula: 
TA%t × Strategy Valuet-1 
TA%t means (a) on the Redemption Determination Date, zero per cent., or such other amount specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, and (b) on each Redemption Observation Datet prior to the 
Redemption Determination Date, the result of following formula, expressed as a percentage: 
Min (100%, VolCap
Volt
) 
Underlying means an underlying as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Underlying Delta Unitst means, on each Redemption Observation Datet, the result of the following 
formula: 
(TAt - Aggregate Underlying Valuet-1)
Underlying Valuet
 
Underlying Delta Units Valuet means, on each Redemption Observation Datet, the result of the 
following formula: 
Underlying Delta Unitst × Underlying Valuet 
Underlying Value means, with respect to any Redemption Observation Date, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an FX rate, the relevant exchange rate; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price; or

--- Page 685 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
685 
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive or negative value or be equal to 
zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying Value 
(if any). 
Underlying Valuet means, on any Redemption Observation Datet, the Underlying Value on such date. 
VolCap means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Volt means, on each Redemption Observation Datet, the result of the following formula: 
Max(HistVolt-lag
n1 , HistVolt-lag
n2 ) 
where: 
HistVolt-lag
n1  means HistVolb
a where "a" equals n1 and b is the day falling "lag" number of 
Relevant Business Days prior to Redemption Observation Datet; and 
HistVolt-lag
n2  means HistVolb
a where "a" equals n2 and b is the day falling "lag" number of 
Relevant Business Days prior to Redemption Observation Datet.

--- Page 686 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
686 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 10: Standard Drop-Back Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Standard Drop-Back Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Drop-Back Redemption Payoff Conditions) will apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Drop-Back Redemption (the Standard Drop-Back 
Redemption) is applicable. These Standard Drop-Back Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to completion 
in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms not defined in these Standard Drop-Back Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given 
to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
10 
STANDARD DROP-BACK REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff is calculated on the Redemption Determination Date as the sum of:  
(a)  
the product of the Initial Investment and the result of the Underlying Value2i divided by the 
Underlying Value1i,  
(b)  
in respect of each k from 1 to J the sum of the products of   
(i) Trigger Eventk 
(ii)  the Subsequent Investmentk  and  
(iii) the ratio of the UnderlyingValue2i and the Investment Levelk plus the Accrual Fractionk 
multiplied by the FR minus (100% + FR) and  
(c) the Remaining Investment multiplied by (100% + FR). 
10.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Standard Drop-Back Redemption is applicable will be calculated on such Redemption 
Determination Date as follows, expressed as a percentage: 
𝑰𝒏𝒊𝒕𝒊𝒂𝒍 𝑰𝒏𝒗𝒆𝒔𝒎𝒆𝒏𝒕 × Underlying Value2i
Underlying Value1i
 
+ ∑(𝑻𝒓𝒊𝒈𝒈𝒆𝒓 𝑬𝒗𝒆𝒏𝒕𝒌× 𝑺𝒖𝒃𝒔𝒆𝒒𝒖𝒆𝒏𝒕 𝑰𝒏𝒗𝒆𝒔𝒕𝒎𝒆𝒏𝒕𝒌
𝑱
𝒌=𝟏
× [Underlying Value2i
Investment Levelk
+ (𝑨𝒄𝒄𝒓𝒖𝒂𝒍 𝑭𝒓𝒂𝒄𝒕𝒊𝒐𝒏𝒌× 𝑭𝑹) −(𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝑭𝑹)]) 
+ 𝑹𝒆𝒎𝒂𝒊𝒏𝒊𝒏𝒈 𝑰𝒏𝒗𝒆𝒔𝒕𝒎𝒆𝒏𝒕 × (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝑭𝑹) 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Standard Drop-Back Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with 
such Combination Payoff Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with 
Standard Drop-Back Redemption Payoff Condition 10.1(a) shall be used in the relevant 
Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx. 
10.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
J means a number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 687 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
687 
FR  (“Fixed Rate”) means a percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Initial Investment means a percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Remaining Investment means a percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Subsequent Investmentk means for each (k) from 1 to J, a percentage or number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Trigger Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, and each 
such date is deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Trigger Barrierk means for each (k) from 1 to J, a percentage or number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Trigger Eventk means for each (k) from 1 to J, a number equal to 
(a) 
1 (one) if, on at least one Trigger Observation Date, the Underlying Value(i) has been at or below 
the relevant Trigger Barrierk: then the Trigger Eventk will be deemed to have occurred. 
(b) 
Else 0 (zero). 
Trigger Event Datek means for each (k) from 1 to J, the Trigger Observation Date on which such Trigger 
Eventk has occurred. 
Investment Levelk means for each (k) from 1 to J: 
(a) 
If "option 1" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
Underlying Value3k 
(b) 
If "option 2" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
Trigger Barrierk 
Underlying Value3k means the Underlying Value(i) on the Trigger Event Datek.  
Accrual Fractionk means for each (k) from 1 to J, the number of calendar days from (and including) the 
first Trigger observation Date to (but excluding) the Trigger Event Datek divided by the total number 
of calendar days in the Trigger Observation Period, as determined by the calculation agent. 
Trigger Observation Period means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 688 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
 
 
688 
ANNEX 6 – COMBINATION PAYOFF CONDITIONS 
The chapters of this annex each set out additional terms and conditions that may apply to the interest and/or 
redemption in respect of the Securities. 
The terms and conditions applicable to the Linked Interest Rate on Linked Interest Securities and/or the 
Redemption Payoff on Linked Redemption Securities shall comprise the General Conditions and the Additional 
Conditions, in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the General Conditions and the Additional Conditions, the Additional Conditions shall prevail. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that a Combination Interest Payoff (the Constituent Combination Interest 
Payoff) is applicable for the purposes of another Combination Interest Payoff (the Primary Combination Interest 
Payoff) specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, such Constituent Combination Interest Payoff shall 
only apply for the purposes of determining the relevant Linked Interest Rate in accordance with such Primary 
Combination Interest Payoff. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that a Combination Redemption Payoff (the Constituent Combination 
Redemption Payoff) is applicable for the purposes of another Combination Redemption Payoff (the Primary 
Combination Redemption Payoff) specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, such Constituent 
Combination Redemption Payoff shall only apply for the purposes of determining the relevant Redemption Payoff 
in accordance with such Primary Combination Redemption Payoff. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that a Combination Interest Payoff is applicable for the purposes of a Payoff 
Feature specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, such Combination Interest Payoff shall only apply 
for the purposes of determining the relevant Linked Interest Rate in accordance with such Payoff Feature. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that a Combination Redemption Payoff is applicable for the purposes of a 
Payoff Feature specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, such Combination Redemption Payoff shall 
only apply for the purposes of determining the relevant Redemption Payoff in accordance with such Payoff 
Feature. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that a Combination Interest Payoff is applicable for the purposes of a 
Redemption Determination Date in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, an Instalment Redemption Amount 
or an Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, such Combination Interest Payoff shall only apply for the 
purposes of determining the Final Redemption Amount, Instalment Redemption Amount or Early Redemption 
Amount in accordance with the applicable Redemption Method. 
The following chapters comprise the terms and conditions (the Combination Payoff Conditions) that shall apply 
to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that one or more chapters of the Combination Payoff 
Conditions is applicable. Only those chapters containing a payoff specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
applicable will apply to a particular Series of Securities. The Combination Payoff Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
The Combination Payoff Conditions are set out as follows: 
Part A 
Combination Interest Payoff Conditions 
The interest payable (if any) on the Securities may (i) be calculated using the Linked Interest Rate determined in 
accordance with one of the chapters which follow (as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), which will 
use one or more Linked Interest Rates determined in accordance with the Standard Payoff Conditions and 
Combination Payoff Conditions (as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms and as described in greater 
detail in Annex 5 (Standard Payoff Conditions) and this Annex 6), (ii) use one or more Linked Interest Rates, 
determined in accordance with one of the chapters which follow, as component(s) of a formula if a Combination 
Interest Payoff is applicable (as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) and (iii) be affected by a Payoff 
Feature which is dependent on the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with one of the chapters which 
follow (as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms and as described in greater detail in Annex 7 (Payoff 
Feature Conditions)).

--- Page 689 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
 
 
689 
Combination Addition Interest  
Chapter 1 
Combination Capitalisation Interest 
Chapter 2 
Combination Digital Interest 
Chapter 3 
Combination Division Interest 
Chapter 4 
Combination Multiplication Interest 
Chapter 5 
Combination Ratchet Interest 
Chapter 6 
Combination Range Interest 
Chapter 7 
Combination Snowrange Interest 
Chapter 8 
Combination Subtract Interest 
Chapter 9 
Combination Maximum Interest 
Chapter 10 
Combination Minimum Interest 
Chapter 11 
Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Interest 
Chapter 12 
Combination Ladder Ratchet Interest 
Chapter 13 
Combination Digital Performance Interest 
Chapter 14 
Part B 
Combination Redemption Payoff Conditions 
The amount payable on redemption (if any) of the Securities may (i) be calculated using the Redemption Payoff 
determined in accordance with one of the chapters which follow (as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) which will use one or more Redemption Payoffs determined in accordance with the Standard Payoff 
Conditions and Combination Payoff Conditions (as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms and as 
described in greater detail in Annex 5 (Standard Payoff Conditions) and this Annex 6), (ii) use one or more 
Redemption Payoffs, determined in accordance with one of the chapters which follow, as a component of a formula 
if a Combination Redemption Payoff is applicable (as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) and (iii) be 
affected by a Payoff Feature which is dependent on the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with one of 
the chapters which follow (as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms and as described in greater detail in 
Annex 7 (Payoff Feature Conditions)). 
Combination Addition Redemption 
Chapter 1 
Combination Capitalisation Redemption 
Chapter 2 
Combination Digital Redemption 
Chapter 3 
Combination Division Redemption 
Chapter 4 
Combination Multiplication Redemption 
Chapter 5 
Combination Ratchet Redemption 
Chapter 6 
Combination Range Redemption 
Chapter 7 
Combination Subtract Redemption 
Chapter 8 
Combination Maximum Redemption 
Chapter 9 
Combination Minimum Redemption 
Chapter 10

--- Page 690 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
 
 
690 
 
 
Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption 
Chapter 11 
Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption 
Chapter 12 
Combination Digital Performance Redemption 
Chapter 13

--- Page 691 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
691 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 1: Combination Addition Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Addition Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Addition Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Addition Interest (the Combination Addition 
Interest) is applicable. These Combination Addition Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Addition Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
1 
COMBINATION ADDITION INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the 
greater of (i) Floor and (ii) the result of adding together the Linked Interest Rate calculated using General 
Interest Payoff1, the Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff2 and the Linked Interest 
Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff3. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff 
Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate (and, if applicable, the Floor 
and/or the Cap) calculated using the relevant General Interest Payoff used as a component for this 
Combination Payoff Condition. 
1.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Addition Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated as follows: 
Min[Cap; Max(Floor, General Interest Payoff1 + General Interest Payoff2+ General Interest Payoff3)] 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Addition Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition 
and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Combination Addition Interest 
Payoff Condition 1.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the 
relevant General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, provided that Combination Addition Interest 
may only be applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable 
Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General Interest Payoff1, General 
Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, 
General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8 and General Interest 
Payoff9 is a Standard Interest Payoff. 
1.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Addition Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6),

--- Page 692 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
692 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be 
infinity. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8, General Interest Payoff9); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8, General Interest Payoff9), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be 
minus infinity. 
General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest 
Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7, General 
Interest Payoff8 and General Interest Payoff9 each means the General Interest Payoff specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Linked Interest 
Rate, they will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in 
the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 693 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
693 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 2: Combination Capitalisation Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Capitalisation Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Capitalisation Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to 
the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Capitalisation Interest (the Combination 
Capitalisation Interest) is applicable. These Combination Capitalisation Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Capitalisation Interest Payoff Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
2 
COMBINATION CAPITALISATION INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the 
greater of (i) Floor and (ii) Previous Interest Amount multiplied by the result of Leverage, multiplied by 
the Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff1 added to 1. You should also refer to 
the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate 
(and, if applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated using the relevant General Interest Payoff used 
as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
2.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Capitalisation Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall 
be calculated as follows: 
Min[Cap; Max (Floor, Previous Interest Amount × (1 + Leverage × General Interest Payoff1)) ] 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Capitalisation Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition 
and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Combination Capitalisation Interest 
Payoff Condition 2.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the 
relevant General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, provided that Combination Capitalisation 
Interest may only be applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any 
applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General Interest Payoff1, 
General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, General Interest 
Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6 and General Interest Payoff7 is a Standard Interest Payoff. 
2.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Capitalisation Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms 
shall have the following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4),

--- Page 694 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
694 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be 
infinity. 
First Interest Amount Percentage means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be 
minus infinity. 
General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest 
Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6 and General Interest Payoff7 each means 
the General Interest Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Amount Percentage means: 
(a) 
if "Specific Interest Accrual Period" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, with respect to a 
specified Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Amount with respect to the previous specific 
Interest Accrual Period as so specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
if "Previous Interest Accrual Period" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, with respect to 
an Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Amount with respect to the immediately preceding 
Interest Accrual Period; 
in each case divided by (i) in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, either (i) the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities or (ii) the nominal amount represented by the 
Specified Denomination (or, if more than one, the lowest Specified Denomination), all as provided in the 
applicable Final Terms and (ii) in the case of each Security in definitive form, the product of the 
Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount Factor, expressed as a percentage. 
Previous Interest Amount means (a) with respect to the first Interest Accrual Period, the First Interest 
Amount Percentage, and (b) with respect to all other Interest Accrual Periods, the Interest Amount 
Percentage. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Linked Interest 
Rate, they will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in 
the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 695 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
695 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 3: Combination Digital Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Digital Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Digital Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Digital Interest (the Combination Digital 
Interest) is applicable. These Combination Digital Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Digital Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in 
the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
3 
COMBINATION DIGITAL INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as either (a) if the Underlying Valuexy 
reaches the relevant Barrier or is within the relevant Range either on the Interest Observation Date(s) or 
during the Interest Observation Period, the Linked Interest Rate calculated using the relevant General 
Interest Payoff or (b) otherwise, the Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff7. The 
value of the Underlying will therefore affect which General Payoff Condition is used to calculate the 
Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff 
Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate calculated using the relevant 
General Interest Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
3.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Digital Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated as follows: 
(i) 
if Underlying Valuexy is [higher than CIB1] [higher than or equal to CIB1] [lower than 
CIB1] [lower than or equal to CIB1] [within Range1] [outside Range1] either (A) on 
[the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period:  
General Interest Payoff1; or 
(ii) 
if Underlying Valuexy is [higher than CIB2] [higher than or equal to CIB2] [lower than 
CIB2] [lower than or equal to CIB2] [within Range2] [outside Range2] either (A) on 
[the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period: 
General Interest Payoff2; 
(iii) 
if Underlying Valuexy is [higher than CIB3] [higher than or equal to CIB3] [lower than 
CIB3] [lower than or equal to CIB3] [within Range3] [outside Range3] either (A) on 
[the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period: 
General Interest Payoff3;

--- Page 696 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
696 
(iv) 
if Underlying Valuexy is [higher than CIB4] [higher than or equal to CIB4] [lower than 
CIB4] [lower than or equal to CIB4] [within Range4] [outside Range4] either (A) on 
[the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period: 
General Interest Payoff4; 
(v) 
if Underlying Valuexy is [higher than CIB5] [higher than or equal to CIB5] [lower than 
CIB5] [lower than or equal to CIB5] [within Range5] [outside Range5] either (A) on 
[the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period: 
General Interest Payoff5; 
(vi) 
if Underlying Valuexy is [higher than CIB6] [higher than or equal to CIB6] [lower than 
CIB6] [lower than or equal to CIB6] [within Range6] [outside Range6] either (A) on 
[the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period:  
General Interest Payoff6; and 
(vii) 
otherwise, General Interest Payoff7. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Digital Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes 
of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition 
and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Combination Digital Interest Payoff 
Condition 3.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant 
General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, provided that Combination Digital Interest may only be 
applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination 
Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, 
General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest 
Payoff6 and General Interest Payoff7 is a Standard Interest Payoff. 
3.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Digital Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings: 
General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest 
Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6 and General Interest Payoff7 each means 
the General Interest Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 697 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
697 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 4: Combination Division Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Division Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Division Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Division Interest (the Combination Division 
Interest) is applicable. These Combination Division Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Division Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
4 
COMBINATION DIVISION INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the 
greater of (i) Floor and (ii) Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff1 divided by the 
Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff2. You should also refer to the relevant 
General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate (and, if 
applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated using the relevant General Interest Payoff used as a 
component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
4.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Division Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated as follows: 
Min [Cap; Max(Floor, (
General Interest Payoff1
General Interest Payoff2
))] 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Division Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition 
and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Combination Division Interest 
Payoff Condition 4.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the 
relevant General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, provided that Combination Division Interest 
may only be applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable 
Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General Interest Payoff1, General 
Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, 
General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7 and General Interest Payoff8 is a Standard 
Interest Payoff. 
4.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Division Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5),

--- Page 698 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
698 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be 
infinity. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be 
minus infinity. 
General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest 
Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7 and General 
Interest Payoff8 each means the General Interest Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Linked Interest 
Rate, they will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in 
the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 699 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
699 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 5: Combination Multiplication Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Multiplication Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Multiplication Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to 
the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Multiplication Interest (the Combination 
Multiplication Interest) is applicable. These Combination Multiplication Interest Payoff Conditions are subject 
to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Multiplication Interest Payoff Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
5 
COMBINATION MULTIPLICATION INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the 
greater of (i) Floor and (ii) Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff1 multiplied by 
the Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff2 multiplied by the Linked Interest Rate 
calculated using General Interest Payoff3. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff 
Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate (and, if applicable, the Floor 
and/or the Cap) calculated using the relevant General Interest Payoff used as a component for this 
Combination Payoff Condition. 
5.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Multiplication Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall 
be calculated as follows: 
Min[Cap; Max(Floor, (General Interest Payoff1 × General Interest Payoff2 × General Interest Payoff3))] 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Multiplication Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition 
and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Combination Multiplication Interest 
Payoff Condition 5.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the 
relevant General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, provided that Combination Multiplication 
Interest may only be applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any 
applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General Interest Payoff1, 
General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, General Interest 
Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8 and General 
Interest Payoff9 is a Standard Interest Payoff. 
5.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Multiplication Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms 
shall have the following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6),

--- Page 700 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
700 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be 
infinity. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8, General Interest Payoff9); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8, General Interest Payoff9), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be 
minus infinity. 
General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest 
Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7, General 
Interest Payoff8 and General Interest Payoff9 each means the General Interest Payoff specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Linked Interest 
Rate, they will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in 
the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 701 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
701 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 6: Combination Ratchet Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Ratchet Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Ratchet Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Ratchet Interest (the Combination Ratchet 
Interest) is applicable. These Combination Ratchet Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Ratchet Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
6 
COMBINATION RATCHET INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the 
greater of (i) Floor and (ii) the Previous Interest Amount added to the result of Leverage multiplied by 
the Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff1. You should also refer to the relevant 
General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate (and, if 
applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated using the relevant General Interest Payoff used as a 
component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
6.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Ratchet Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated as follows: 
Min (Cap; Max (Floor, Previous Interest Amount + Leverage × General Interest Payoff1)) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Ratchet Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes 
of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition 
and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Combination Ratchet Interest Payoff 
Condition 6.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant 
General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, provided that Combination Ratchet Interest may only be 
applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination 
Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, 
General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest 
Payoff6 and General Interest Payoff7 is a Standard Interest Payoff. 
6.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Ratchet Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4),

--- Page 702 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
702 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be 
infinity. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be 
minus infinity. 
First Interest Amount Percentage means the amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest 
Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6 and General Interest Payoff7 each means 
the General Interest Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Amount Percentage means: 
(a) 
if "Specific Interest Accrual Period" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, with respect to a 
specified Interest Accrual Period, the annualised Interest Amount with respect to the previous 
specific Interest Accrual Period as so specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
if "Previous Interest Accrual Period" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, with respect to 
an Interest Accrual Period, the annualised Interest Amount with respect to the immediately 
preceding Interest Accrual Period; 
in each case divided by (i) in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, either (i) the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities or (ii) the nominal amount represented by the 
Specified Denomination (or, if more than one, the lowest Specified Denomination), all as provided in the 
applicable Final Terms and (ii) in the case of each Security in definitive form, the product of the 
Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount Factor, expressed as a percentage. 
Previous Interest Amount means (a) with respect to the first Interest Accrual Period, the First Interest 
Amount Percentage, and (b) with respect to all other Interest Accrual Periods, the Interest Amount 
Percentage. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Linked Interest 
Rate, they will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in 
the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 703 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
703 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 7: Combination Range Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Range Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Range Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Range Interest (the Combination Range 
Interest) is applicable. These Combination Range Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Range Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in 
the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
7 
COMBINATION RANGE INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the 
greater of (i) Floor and (ii) the Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff1 multiplied 
by the Accrual Factor. The Accrual Factor is calculated by reference to, among other things, each 
Underlying Valuei. The value of the Underlying will therefore affect the Accrual Factor, which is used as 
a component of the formula used to calculate the Linked Interest Rate. You should also refer to the 
relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate 
calculated using the relevant General Interest Payoff1 used as a component for this Combination Payoff 
Condition. 
7.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Range Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated as follows: 
Min(Cap, Max(Floor, General Interest Payoff1 × Accrual Factor)) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Range Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes 
of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition 
and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Combination Range Interest Payoff 
Condition 7.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant 
General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, provided that Combination Range Interest may only be 
applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination 
Payoff Condition for Securities when General Interest Payoff1 is a Standard Interest Payoff. 
7.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Combination Range Interest Payoff Conditions, the applicable Final Terms 
provides that "Relevant Observation" is applicable, references in these Combination Range Interest 
Payoff Conditions to "Underlying Value" (save for the definition of such term in Combination Range 
Interest Payoff Condition 7.3 below) shall be deemed to be references to the applicable Relevant 
Observation. 
7.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Range Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings:

--- Page 704 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
704 
Accrual Factor means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the number of Range Accrual Days in 
the relevant Interest Observation Period in respect of which Underlying Valuei is within the Underlying 
Valuei Range, divided by the total number of Range Accrual Days in such Interest Observation Period, 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. For the purposes hereof, (and where Range Accrual 
Days are expressed in the applicable Final Terms as falling on calendar days which may not be Business 
Days) the Underlying Value in respect of any Range Accrual Day which is not a Business Day shall be 
deemed to be the Underlying Value in respect of either the immediately preceding or the immediately 
following Business Day, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
General Interest Payoff1 means the General Interest Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Lower Limiti means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
corresponding to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy). 
Range Accrual Day means, with respect to an Interest Observation Period and an Underlyingi (or, as 
applicable, an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy), each date specified as a Range Accrual Day in the 
applicable Final Terms, which may be each Business Day, each calendar day, each calendar day or 
Business Day within a week, each calendar day or Business Day within a month, or any other day, falling 
within such Interest Observation Period. Each Range Accrual Day shall be deemed to be an "Observation 
Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Underlyingi means an Underlying corresponding to an i, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. For 
the avoidance of doubt, all Underlyingi and (as applicable) all Underlyingix and Underlyingiy together 
constitute a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset 
Conditions). 
Underlyingix or Underlyingiy means an Underlying bearing the subscript "x" or an Underlying bearing 
the subscript "y" respectively, each corresponding to an i, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
if applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, all Underlyingi (as applicable) and all Underlyingix and 
Underlyingiy together constitute a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the 
applicable Asset Conditions). 
Underlying Value means, with respect to a Range Accrual Day or a Relevant Timing, as the case may 
be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price; or  
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price, 
provided that if an Interest Observation Period Cut-Off Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Underlying Value in respect of any Range Accrual Day falling on or after the Interest Observation 
Period Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Underlying Value in respect of the Range Accrual Day 
falling on such Interest Observation Period Cut-Off Date.

--- Page 705 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
705 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be 
equal to zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying 
Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuei means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of an Underlyingi; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
for the same i: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the 
Underlying Value of such Underlyingiy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingix and 
Underlyingiy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingiy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingiy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingix, Underlyingiy), if "Applicable Formula" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination 
of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy. 
Underlying Valuei Range means the Range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
corresponding to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy). 
Upper Limiti means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
corresponding to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy). 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Linked Interest 
Rate, they will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in 
the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 706 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
706 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 8: Combination Snowrange Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Snowrange Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Snowrange Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Snowrange Interest (the Combination 
Snowrange Interest) is applicable. These Combination Snowrange Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Snowrange Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
8 
COMBINATION SNOWRANGE INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the 
greater of (i) Floor and (ii) the Previous Interest Amount multiplied by the Accrual Factor. The Previous 
Interest Amount is calculated, in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, by reference to General 
Interest Payoff1 and, in the case of each subsequent Interest Accrual Period, by reference to the Interest 
Amount calculated for the previous Interest Accrual Period. The Accrual Factor is calculated by 
reference to, among other things, each Underlying Valuei. The value of the Underlying will therefore 
affect the value of the Accrual Factor, which is used as a component of the formula used to calculate the 
Linked Interest Rate. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation 
of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate calculated using the relevant General Interest Payoff1 used 
as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
8.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Snowrange Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated as follows: 
Min(Cap, Max(Floor, Previous Interest Amount × Accrual Factor) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Snowrange Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition 
and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Combination Snowrange Interest 
Payoff Condition 8.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the 
relevant General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, provided that Combination Snowrange Interest 
may only be applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable 
Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when General Interest Payoff1 is a Standard Interest 
Payoff. 
8.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Combination Snowrange Interest Payoff Conditions, the applicable Final 
Terms provides that "Relevant Observation" is applicable, references in these Combination Snowrange 
Interest Payoff Conditions to "Underlying Value" (save for the definition of such term in Combination 
Snowrange Interest Payoff Condition 8.3 below) shall be deemed to be references to the applicable 
Relevant Observation.

--- Page 707 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
707 
8.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Snowrange Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
Accrual Factor means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the number of Range Accrual Days in 
the relevant Interest Observation Period in respect of which each Underlying Valuei was within the within 
the Underlying Valuei Range, divided by the total number of Range Accrual Days in such Interest 
Observation Period, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. For the purposes hereof, (and 
where Range Accrual Days are expressed in the applicable Final Terms as falling on calendar days which 
may not be Business Days) the Underlying Value in respect of any Range Accrual Day which is not a 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Underlying Value in respect of either the immediately preceding 
or the immediately following Business Day, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
General Interest Payoff1 means the General Interest Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Interest Amount Percentage means: 
(a) 
if "Specific Interest Accrual Period" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, with respect to a 
specified Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Amount with respect to the previous specific 
Interest Accrual Period as so specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
if "Previous Interest Accrual Period" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, with respect to 
an Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Amount with respect to the immediately preceding 
Interest Accrual Period; 
in each case divided by (i) in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, either (i) the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities or (ii) the nominal amount represented by the 
Specified Denomination (or, if more than one, the lowest Specified Denomination), all as provided in the 
applicable Final Terms and (ii) in the case of each Security in definitive form, the product of the 
Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount Factor, expressed as a percentage. 
Lower Limiti means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
corresponding to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy). 
Previous Interest Amount means (a) with respect to the first Interest Accrual Period, the percentage 
calculated using General Interest Payoff1, and (b) with respect to all other Interest Accrual Periods, the 
Interest Amount Percentage. 
Range Accrual Day means, with respect to an Interest Observation Period and an Underlyingi (or, as 
applicable, an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy), each date specified as a Range Accrual Day in the 
applicable Final Terms, which may be each Business Day, each calendar day, each calendar day or 
Business Day within a week, each calendar day or Business Day within a month, or any other day, falling 
within such Interest Observation Period. Each Range Accrual Day shall be deemed to be an "Observation 
Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Underlyingi means an Underlying corresponding to an i, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. For 
the avoidance of doubt, all Underlyingi and (as applicable) all Underlyingix and Underlyingiy together 
constitute a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset 
Conditions). 
Underlyingix or Underlyingiy means an Underlying bearing the subscript "x" or an Underlying bearing 
the subscript "y" respectively, each corresponding to an i, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
if applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, all Underlyingi (as applicable) and all Underlyingix and 
Underlyingiy together constitute a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the 
applicable Asset Conditions).

--- Page 708 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
708 
Underlying Value means, with respect to a Range Accrual Day or a Relevant Timing, as the case may 
be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price; or  
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price, 
provided that if an Interest Observation Period Cut-Off Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Underlying Value in respect of any Range Accrual Day falling on or after the Interest Observation 
Period Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Underlying Value in respect of the Range Accrual Day 
falling on such Interest Observation Period Cut-Off Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be 
equal to zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying 
Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuei means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of an Underlyingi; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
for the same i: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the 
Underlying Value of such Underlyingiy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingix and 
Underlyingiy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingiy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingiy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingix, Underlyingiy), if "Applicable Formula" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination 
of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy. 
Underlying Valuei Range means the Range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
corresponding to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy).

--- Page 709 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
709 
Upper Limiti means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
corresponding to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy). 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Linked Interest 
Rate, they will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in 
the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 710 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
710 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 9: Combination Subtract Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Subtract Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Subtract Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Subtract Interest (the Combination Subtract 
Interest) is applicable. These Combination Subtract Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Subtract Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
9 
COMBINATION SUBTRACT INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the 
greater of (i) Floor and (ii) the product of (A) the Leverage and (B) the Linked Interest Rate calculated 
using General Interest Payoff1 minus the Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff2 
minus the Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff3. You should also refer to the 
relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate (and, 
if applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated using the relevant General Interest Payoff used as a 
component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
9.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Subtract Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated as follows: 
Min(Cap, Max(Floor, Leverage × (Global Interest Payoff1-Global Interest Payoff2-Global Interest Payoff3))) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Subtract Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition 
and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Combination Subtract Interest 
Payoff Condition 9.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the 
relevant General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, provided that Combination Subtract Interest may 
only be applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable 
Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General Interest Payoff1, General 
Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, 
General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8 and General Interest 
Payoff9 is a Standard Interest Payoff. 
9.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Subtract Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6),

--- Page 711 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
711 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be 
infinity. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8, General Interest Payoff9); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8, General Interest Payoff9), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be 
minus infinity. 
General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest 
Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7, General 
Interest Payoff8 and General Interest Payoff9 each means the General Interest Payoff specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Linked Interest 
Rate, they will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in 
the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 712 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
712 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 10: Combination Maximum Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Maximum Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Maximum Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Maximum Interest (the Combination Maximum 
Interest) is applicable. These Combination Maximum Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Maximum Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
10 
COMBINATION MAXIMUM INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the 
greater of (i) Floor, (ii) the Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff1, (iii) the Linked 
Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff2 and (iv) the Linked Interest Rate calculated using 
General Interest Payoff3. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an 
explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate (and, if applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) 
calculated using the relevant General Interest Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff 
Condition. 
10.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Maximum Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated as follows: 
Min(Cap, Max (Floor, General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3))  
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Maximum Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition 
and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Combination Maximum Interest 
Payoff Condition 10.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the 
relevant General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, provided that Combination Maximum Interest 
may only be applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable 
Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General Interest Payoff1, General 
Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, 
General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8 and General Interest 
Payoff9 is a Standard Interest Payoff. 
10.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Maximum Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6),

--- Page 713 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
713 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be 
infinity. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8, General Interest Payoff9); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8, General Interest Payoff9), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be 
minus infinity. 
General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest 
Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7, General 
Interest Payoff8 and General Interest Payoff9 each means the General Interest Payoff specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms.  
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Linked Interest 
Rate, they will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in 
the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 714 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
714 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 11: Combination Minimum Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Minimum Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Minimum Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Minimum Interest (the Combination Minimum 
Interest) is applicable. These Combination Minimum Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Minimum Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
11 
COMBINATION MINIMUM INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the 
greater of (i) Floor and (ii) the lesser of (A) the Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest 
Payoff1, (B) the Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff2. and (C) the Linked Interest 
Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff3.You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff 
Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate (and, if applicable, the Floor 
and/or the Cap) calculated using the relevant General Interest Payoff used as a component for this 
Combination Payoff Condition. 
11.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Minimum Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated as follows: 
Min[Cap; Max (Floor, Min (General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3)) ] 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Minimum Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition 
and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Combination Minimum Interest 
Payoff Condition 11.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the 
relevant General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, provided that Combination Minimum Interest 
may only be applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable 
Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General Interest Payoff1, General 
Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, 
General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8 and General Interest 
Payoff9 is a Standard Interest Payoff. 
11.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Minimum Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6),

--- Page 715 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
715 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be 
infinity. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8, General Interest Payoff9); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8, General Interest Payoff9), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be 
minus infinity. 
General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest 
Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7, General 
Interest Payoff8 and General Interest Payoff9 each means the General Interest Payoff specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Linked Interest 
Rate, they will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in 
the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 716 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
716 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 12: Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Interest Conditions) shall apply to 
the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Interest (the 
Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Interest) is applicable. These Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Interest 
Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Interest Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
12 
COMBINATION PAYOFF-LINKED DIGITAL INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as either (a) if the General Interest 
Payoff2 is within the Range, the Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff1 or 
(b) otherwise, the Fixed Rate. The value of the General Interest Payoff2, which may depend on the value 
of an Underlying, will therefore affect which rate is used to calculate the Linked Interest Rate applicable 
to the Securities. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of 
how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate calculated using the relevant General Interest Payoff used as a 
component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
12.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
if General Interest Payoff2 is within the Range on the relevant Interest Observation Date, 
General Interest Payoff1; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, be equal to the Fixed Rate. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx 
for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination 
Payoff Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Combination Payoff-
Linked Digital Interest Payoff Condition 12.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination 
Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, provided that 
Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Interest may only be applicable as a relevant General 
Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities 
when each of General Interest Payoff1 and General Interest Payoff2 is a Standard Interest Payoff. 
12.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Interest Payoff Conditions, the following 
terms shall have the following meanings: 
General Interest Payoff1 or General Interest Payoff2 means the General Interest Payoff specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Observation Date means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, each date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, each date falling such number of Business Days 
immediately preceding the first or last day of such Interest Accrual Period as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, and each such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the 
relevant Asset Conditions.

--- Page 717 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
717 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Linked Interest 
Rate, they will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in 
the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 718 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
718 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 13: Combination Ladder Ratchet Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Ladder Ratchet Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Ladder Ratchet Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to 
the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Ladder Ratchet Interest (the Combination 
Ladder Ratchet Interest) is applicable. These Combination Ladder Ratchet Interest Payoff Conditions are subject 
to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Ladder Ratchet Interest Payoff Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
13 
COMBINATION LADDER RATCHET INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap (which may be 
an Interest Amount with respect to a preceding Interest Accrual Period) and (b) the greater of (i) the 
Floor (which may be an Interest Amount with respect to a preceding Interest Accrual Period) and (ii) 
General Interest Payoff1. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an 
explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate (and, if applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) 
calculated using the relevant General Interest Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff 
Condition. 
13.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Ladder Ratchet Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period 
shall be calculated as follows: 
Min(Cap, Max (Floor, General Interest Payoff1)) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Ladder Ratchet Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition 
and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Combination Ladder Ratchet Interest 
Payoff Condition 13.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the 
relevant General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, provided that Combination Ladder Ratchet 
Interest may only be applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any 
applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General Interest Payoff1, 
General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, General Interest 
Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6 and General Interest Payoff7 is a Standard Interest Payoff. 
13.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Ladder Ratchet Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms 
shall have the following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4),

--- Page 719 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
719 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be 
infinity. 
First Interest Amount Percentage means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if "Previous Interest Amount" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Previous Interest Amount. If Floor is specified as "Not 
Applicable", the Floor shall be minus infinity. 
General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest 
Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6 and General Interest Payoff7 each means 
the General Interest Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Amount Percentage means: 
(a) 
if "Specific Interest Accrual Period" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, with respect to a 
specified Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Amount with respect to the previous specific 
Interest Accrual Period as so specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
if "Previous Interest Accrual Period" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, with respect to 
an Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Amount with respect to the immediately preceding 
Interest Accrual Period; 
in each case divided by the Day Count Fraction divided by (i) in the case of Securities represented by a 
Global Security, either (i) the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities or (ii) the nominal 
amount represented by the Specified Denomination (or, if more than one, the lowest Specified 
Denomination), all as provided in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) in the case of each Security in 
definitive form, the product of the Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount Factor, expressed as 
a percentage. 
Previous Interest Amount means (a) with respect to the first Interest Accrual Period, the First Interest 
Amount Percentage, and (b) with respect to all other Interest Accrual Periods, the Interest Amount 
Percentage. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Redemption 
Payoff, they will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined 
in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 720 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
720 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 14: Combination Digital Performance Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Digital Performance Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Digital Performance Interest Payoff Conditions) shall 
apply to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Digital Performance Interest (the 
Combination Digital Performance Interest) is applicable. These Combination Digital Performance Interest 
Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Digital Performance Interest Payoff Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
14 
COMBINATION DIGITAL PERFORMANCE INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as either (a) if the Performance_CI 
reaches the relevant Barrier or is within the relevant Range either on the Interest Observation Date(s) or 
during the Interest Observation Period, the Linked Interest Rate calculated using the relevant General 
Interest Payoff or (b) otherwise, the Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff7. You 
should also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the 
Linked Interest Rate calculated using the relevant General Interest Payoff used as a component for this 
Combination Payoff Condition. 
14.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Digital Performance Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period 
shall be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
if Performance_CI is [higher than CIB1] [higher than or equal to CIB1] [lower than 
CIB1] [lower than or equal to CIB1] [within Range1] [outside Range1] either (A) on 
[the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period:  
General Interest Payoff1; or 
(ii) 
if Performance_CI is [higher than CIB2] [higher than or equal to CIB2] [lower than 
CIB2] [lower than or equal to CIB2] [within Range2] [outside Range2] either (A) on 
[the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period:  
General Interest Payoff2; 
(iii) 
if Performance_CI is [higher than CIB3] [higher than or equal to CIB3] [lower than 
CIB3] [lower than or equal to CIB3] [within Range3] [outside Range3] either (A) on 
[the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period:  
General Interest Payoff3; 
(iv) 
if Performance_CI is [higher than CIB4] [higher than or equal to CIB4] [lower than 
CIB4] [lower than or equal to CIB4] [within Range4] [outside Range4] either (A) on

--- Page 721 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A 
 
 
721 
[the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period:  
General Interest Payoff4; 
(v) 
if Performance_CI is [higher than CIB5] [higher than or equal to CIB5] [lower than 
CIB5] [lower than or equal to CIB5] [within Range5] [outside Range5] either (A) on 
[the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period:  
General Interest Payoff5; 
(vi) 
if Performance_CI is [higher than CIB6] [higher than or equal to CIB6] [lower than 
CIB6] [lower than or equal to CIB6] [within Range6] [outside Range6] either (A) on 
[the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period: 
General Interest Payoff6; 
(vii) 
otherwise, General Interest Payoff7. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which 
Combination Digital Performance Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for 
the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination 
Payoff Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Combination Digital 
Performance Interest Payoff Condition 14.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, provided that Combination 
Digital Performance Interest may only be applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for 
the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of 
General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest 
Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6 and General Interest Payoff7 is a 
Standard Interest Payoff. 
14.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Digital Performance Interest Payoff Conditions, the following 
terms shall have the following meanings: 
General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest 
Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6 and General Interest Payoff7 each means 
the General Interest Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 722 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
722 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 1: Combination Addition Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Addition Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Addition Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Addition Redemption (the Combination 
Addition Redemption) is applicable. These Combination Addition Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Addition Redemption Payoff Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
1 
COMBINATION ADDITION REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the 
greater of (i) Floor and (ii) the result of adding together the Redemption Payoff calculated using General 
Redemption Payoff1, the Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff2 and the 
Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff3. You should also refer to the relevant 
General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Redemption Payoff (and, if 
applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated using the relevant General Redemption Payoff used as 
a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
1.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Addition Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption 
Determination Date as follows: 
Min[Cap, Max(Floor, General Redemption Payoff1 + General Redemption Payoff2 + General Redemption Payoff3)] 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Addition Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for 
the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination 
Payoff Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with Combination Addition 
Redemption Payoff Condition 1.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition 
as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx, as applicable, provided that Combination Addition 
Redemption may only be applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the purposes 
of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General 
Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General 
Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8 and General Redemption Payoff9 is a 
Standard Redemption Payoff. 
1.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Addition Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6); 
or

--- Page 723 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
723 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be 
infinity. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8, General Redemption Payoff9); 
or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8, General Redemption Payoff9), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be 
minus infinity. 
General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General 
Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8 and General Redemption Payoff9 each means the 
General Redemption Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Redemption 
Payoff, they will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined 
in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 724 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
724 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 2: Combination Capitalisation Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Capitalisation Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Capitalisation Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply 
to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Capitalisation Redemption (the 
Combination Capitalisation Redemption) is applicable. These Combination Capitalisation Redemption Payoff 
Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Capitalisation Redemption Payoff Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
2 
COMBINATION CAPITALISATION REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities is calculated on the Redemption Determination Date 
as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) Floor and (ii) the Alternative Redemption multiplied by 
the result of Leverage multiplied by the Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff1 
added to 1. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to 
calculate the Redemption Payoff (and, if applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated using the 
relevant General Redemption Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
2.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Capitalisation Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption 
Determination Date as follows: 
Min[Cap, Max (Floor, Alternative Redemption × (1 + Leverage × General Redemption Payoff1)) ] 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Capitalisation Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx 
for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination 
Payoff Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with Combination 
Capitalisation Redemption Payoff Condition 2.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination 
Payoff Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx, as applicable, provided that 
Combination Capitalisation Redemption may only be applicable as a relevant General 
Redemption Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for 
Securities when each of General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General 
Redemption Payoff3, General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General 
Redemption Payoff6 and General Redemption Payoff7 is a Standard Redemption Payoff. 
2.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Capitalisation Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms 
shall have the following meanings: 
Alternative Redemption means: 
(a) 
with respect to Securities, other than Instalment Securities, the Redemption Payoff determined 
in accordance with Standard Redemption Payoff1 on the Redemption Determination Date; 
(b) 
with respect to Instalment Securities:

--- Page 725 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
725 
(i) 
if "Specific Redemption Determination Date" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
with respect to a specified Redemption Determination Date, the Redemption Payoff 
determined in accordance with Standard Redemption Payoff1 with respect to the 
previous specific Redemption Determination Date as so specified in the applicable Final 
terms; 
(ii) 
if "Previous Redemption Determination Date" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, with respect to a Redemption Determination Date, the Redemption Payoff 
determined in accordance with Standard Redemption Payoff1 with respect to the 
immediately preceding Redemption Determination Date; or 
(iii) 
with respect to the first Redemption Determination Date, the First Redemption Amount. 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General Redemption Payoff4); 
or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General Redemption Payoff4), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be 
infinity. 
First Redemption Amount means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General Redemption Payoff7); 
or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General Redemption Payoff7), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be 
minus infinity. 
General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6 and General 
Redemption Payoff7 each means the General Redemption Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Redemption 
Payoff, they will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined 
in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 726 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
726 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 3: Combination Digital Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Digital Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Digital Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Digital Redemption (the Combination Digital 
Redemption) is applicable. These Combination Digital Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to completion 
in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Digital Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
3 
COMBINATION DIGITAL REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities is calculated as either (a) if the Underlying Valuexy 
reaches the relevant Barrier or is within the relevant Range either the Redemption Observation Date(s) 
or during the Redemption Observation Period, the Redemption Payoff calculated using the relevant 
General Redemption Payoff or (b) otherwise, the Redemption Payoff calculated using General 
Redemption Payoff7. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation 
of how to calculate the Redemption Payoff calculated using the relevant General Redemption Payoff used 
as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
3.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Digital Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption 
Determination Date as follows: 
(i) 
if Underlying Valuexy is [higher than CRB1] [higher than or equal to CRB1] [lower than 
CRB1] [lower than or equal to CRB1] [within Range1] [outside Range1] either (A) on 
[the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation Period: 
General Redemption Payoff1; or 
(ii) 
if Underlying Valuexy is [higher than CRB2] [higher than or equal to CRB2] [lower than 
CRB2] [lower than or equal to CRB2] [within Range2] [outside Range2] either (A) on 
[the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation Period: 
General Redemption Payoff2; or 
(iii) 
if Underlying Valuexy is [higher than CRB3] [higher than or equal to CRB3] [lower than 
CRB3] [lower than or equal to CRB3] [within Range3] [outside Range3] either (A) on 
[the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation Period: 
General Redemption Payoff3; or 
(iv) 
if Underlying Valuexy is [higher than CRB4] [higher than or equal to CRB4] [lower than 
CRB4] [lower than or equal to CRB4] [within Range4] [outside Range4] either (A) on

--- Page 727 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
727 
[the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation Period: 
General Redemption Payoff4; or 
(v) 
if Underlying Valuexy is [higher than CRB5] [higher than or equal to CRB5] [lower than 
CRB5] [lower than or equal to CRB5] [within Range5] [outside Range5] either (A) on 
[the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation Period: 
General Redemption Payoff5; or 
(vi) 
if Underlying Valuexy is [higher than CRB6] [higher than or equal to CRB6] [lower than 
CRB6] [lower than or equal to CRB6] [within Range6] [outside Range6] either (A) on 
[the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation Period: 
General Redemption Payoff6; or 
(vii) 
otherwise, General Redemption Payoff7. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Digital Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition 
and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with Combination Digital Redemption 
Payoff Condition 3.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the 
relevant General Redemption Payoffx, as applicable, provided that Combination Digital 
Redemption may only be applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the purposes 
of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General 
Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6 and General 
Redemption Payoff7 is a Standard Redemption Payoff. 
3.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Digital Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6 and General 
Redemption Payoff7 each means the General Redemption Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 728 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
728 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 4: Combination Division Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Division Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Division Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Division Redemption (the Combination 
Division Redemption) is applicable. These Combination Division Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Division Redemption Payoff Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
4 
COMBINATION DIVISION REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities is calculated on the Redemption Determination Date 
as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) Floor and (ii) Redemption Payoff calculated using 
General Redemption Payoff1 divided by the Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption 
Payoff2. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to 
calculate the Redemption Payoff (and, if applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated using the 
relevant General Redemption Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
4.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Division Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption 
Determination Date as follows: 
Min [Cap; Max (Floor, (
General Redemption Payoff1
General Redemption Payoff2
)) ] 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Division Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for 
the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination 
Payoff Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with Combination Division 
Redemption Payoff Condition 4.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition 
as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx, as applicable, provided that Combination Division 
Redemption may only be applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the purposes 
of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General 
Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General 
Redemption Payoff7 and General Redemption Payoff8 is a Standard Redemption Payoff. 
4.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Division Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff3, General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5); 
or

--- Page 729 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
729 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff3, General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be 
infinity. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff6, General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8); 
or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff6, General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable"', the Floor shall be 
minus infinity. 
General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General 
Redemption Payoff7 and General Redemption Payoff8 each means the General Redemption Payoff 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Redemption 
Payoff, they will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined 
in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 730 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
730 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 5: Combination Multiplication Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Multiplication Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Multiplication Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply 
to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Multiplication Redemption (the 
Combination Multiplication Redemption) is applicable. These Combination Multiplication Redemption Payoff 
Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Multiplication Redemption Payoff Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
5 
COMBINATION MULTIPLICATION REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the 
greater of (i) Floor and (ii) the Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff1 
multiplied by the Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff2 multiplied by the 
Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff3. You should also refer to the relevant 
General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Redemption Payoff (and, if 
applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated using the relevant General Redemption Payoff used as 
a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
5.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Multiplication Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption 
Determination Date as follows: 
Min[Cap; Max(Floor, (General Redemption Payoff1 × General Redemption Payoff2 × General Redemption Payoff3))] 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Multiplication Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx 
for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination 
Payoff Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with Combination 
Multiplication Redemption Payoff Condition 5.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination 
Payoff Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx, as applicable, provided that 
Combination Multiplication Redemption may only be applicable as a relevant General 
Redemption Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for 
Securities when each of General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General 
Redemption Payoff3, General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General 
Redemption Payoff6, General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8 and General 
Redemption Payoff9 is a Standard Redemption Payoff. 
5.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Multiplication Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms 
shall have the following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6); 
or

--- Page 731 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
731 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be 
infinity. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8, General Redemption Payoff9); 
or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8, General Redemption Payoff9), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be 
minus infinity. 
General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General 
Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8 and General Redemption Payoff9 each means the 
General Redemption Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Redemption 
Payoff, they will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined 
in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 732 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
732 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 6: Combination Ratchet Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Ratchet Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Ratchet Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Ratchet Redemption (the Combination Ratchet 
Redemption) is applicable. These Combination Ratchet Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to completion 
in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Ratchet Redemption Payoff Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
6 
COMBINATION RATCHET REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities is calculated on the Redemption Determination Date 
as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) Floor and (ii) Alternative Redemption added to the result 
of Leverage multiplied by the Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff1. You 
should also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the 
Redemption Payoff (and, if applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated using the relevant General 
Redemption Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
6.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Ratchet Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption 
Determination Date as follows: 
Min(Cap, Max(Floor, Alternative Redemption + Leverage × General Redemption Payoff1)) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Ratchet Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for 
the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination 
Payoff Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with Combination Ratchet 
Redemption Payoff Condition 6.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition 
as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx, as applicable, provided that Combination Ratchet 
Redemption may only be applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the purposes 
of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General 
Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6 and General 
Redemption Payoff7 is a Standard Redemption Payoff. 
6.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Ratchet Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
Alternative Redemption means: 
(a) 
with respect to Securities, other than Instalment Securities, the Redemption Payoff determined 
in accordance with Standard Redemption Payoff1 on the Redemption Determination Date; 
(b) 
with respect to Instalment Securities:

--- Page 733 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
733 
(i) 
if "Specific Redemption Determination Date" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
with respect to a specified Redemption Determination Date, the Redemption Payoff 
determined in accordance with Standard Redemption Payoff1 with respect to the 
previous specific Redemption Determination Date as so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(ii) 
if "Previous Redemption Determination Date" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, with respect to a Redemption Determination Date, the Redemption Payoff 
determined in accordance with Standard Redemption Payoff1 with respect to the 
immediately preceding Redemption Determination Date; or 
(iii) 
with respect to the first Redemption Determination Date in the case of Instalment 
Securities, the First Redemption Amount. 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General Redemption Payoff4); 
or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General Redemption Payoff4), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be 
infinity. 
First Redemption Amount means the amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General Redemption Payoff7); 
or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General Redemption Payoff7), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be 
minus infinity. 
General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6 and General 
Redemption Payoff7 each means the General Redemption Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Redemption 
Payoff, they will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined 
in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 734 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
734 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 7: Combination Range Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Range Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Range Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Range Redemption (the Combination Range 
Redemption) is applicable. These Combination Range Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to completion 
in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Range Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
7 
COMBINATION RANGE REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the 
greater of (i) Floor and (ii) the Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff1 
multiplied by the Accrual Factor. The Accrual Factor is calculated by reference to each Underlying 
Valuei. The value of the Underlying will therefore affect the Accrual Factor, which is used as a component 
of the formula used to calculate the Redemption Payoff. You should also refer to the relevant General 
Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Redemption Payoff calculated using the 
relevant General Redemption Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
7.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Range Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption 
Determination Date as follows: 
Min(Cap, Max(Floor, General Redemption Payoff1× Accrual Factor)) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Range Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition 
and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with Combination Range Redemption 
Payoff Condition 7.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the 
relevant General Redemption Payoffx, as applicable, provided that Combination Range 
Redemption may only be applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the purposes 
of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when General Redemption 
Payoff1 is a Standard Redemption Payoff. 
7.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Combination Range Redemption Payoff Conditions, the applicable Final 
Terms provides that "Relevant Observation" is applicable, references in these Combination Range 
Redemption Payoff Conditions to "Underlying Value" (save for the definition of such term in 
Combination Range Redemption Payoff Condition 7.3 below) shall be deemed to be references to the 
applicable Relevant Observation. 
7.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Range Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings:

--- Page 735 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
735 
Accrual Factor means, with respect to a Redemption Observation Period, the number of Range Accrual 
Days in the relevant Redemption Observation Period in respect of which each Underlying Valuei was 
within the Underlying Valuei Range, divided by the total number of Range Accrual Days in such 
Redemption Observation Period, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. For the purposes 
hereof, (and where Range Accrual Days are expressed in the applicable Final Terms as falling on calendar 
days which may not be Business Days) the Underlying Value in respect of any Range Accrual Day which 
is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be the Underlying Value in respect of either the immediately 
preceding or the immediately following Business Day, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Commencement Date means the Issue Date or such other date falling prior to the Issue Date and specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
General Redemption Payoff1 means the General Redemption Payoff specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Lower Limiti means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
corresponding to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy) 
Range Accrual Day means, with respect to a Redemption Observation Period, each date specified as a 
Range Accrual Day in the applicable Final Terms, which may be each Business Day, each calendar day, 
each calendar day or Business Day within a week, each calendar day or Business Day within a month, or 
any other day, falling within such Redemption Observation Period. Each Range Accrual Day shall be 
deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Redemption Observation Period means: 
(a) 
with respect to Securities, other than Instalment Securities or for the purposes of calculating an 
Early Redemption Amount, the period specified as the Redemption Observation Period in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
with respect to Instalment Securities, the period from and including the Commencement Date to 
but excluding the date falling such number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms immediately preceding the first Instalment Date and each successive period beginning on 
and including the date falling such number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms immediately preceding an Instalment Date to but excluding the date falling such number 
of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms immediately preceding the following 
Instalment Date; or 
(c) 
for the purposes of calculating an Early Redemption Amount, the period from and including the 
Commencement Date to and including the date falling such number of Business Days as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to the Early Redemption Date. 
Redemption Observation Period Cut-Off Date means the date as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Underlyingi means an Underlying corresponding to an i, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. For 
the avoidance of doubt, all Underlyingi and (as applicable) all Underlyingix and Underlyingiy together 
constitute a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset 
Conditions). 
Underlyingix or Underlyingiy means an Underlying bearing the subscript "x" or an Underlying bearing 
the subscript "y" respectively, each corresponding to an i, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
if applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, all Underlyingi and (as applicable) all Underlyingix and 
Underlyingiy together constitute a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the 
applicable Asset Conditions). 
Underlying Value means, with respect to a Range Accrual Day or a Relevant Timing, as the case may 
be:

--- Page 736 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
736 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price; or  
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price, 
provided that if a Redemption Observation Period Cut-Off Date is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Underlying Value in respect of any Range Accrual Day falling on or after the 
Redemption Observation Period Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Underlying Value in respect of 
the Range Accrual Day falling on such Redemption Observation Period Cut-Off Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be 
equal to zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying 
Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuei means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of an Underlyingi; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
for the same i: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the 
Underlying Value of such Underlyingiy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingix and 
Underlyingiy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingiy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingiy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingix, Underlyingiy), if "Applicable Formula" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination 
of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy. 
Underlying Valuei Range means the Range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
corresponding to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy). 
Upper Limiti means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
corresponding to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy).

--- Page 737 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
737 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Redemption 
Payoff, they will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined 
in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 738 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
738 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 8: Combination Subtract Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Subtract Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Subtract Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Subtract Redemption (the Combination 
Subtract Redemption) is applicable. These Combination Subtract Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Subtract Redemption Payoff Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
8 
COMBINATION SUBTRACT REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities is calculated on the Redemption Determination Date 
as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) Floor and (ii) the product of (A) the Leverage and (B) 
the Redemption Payoff calculated using General Interest Payoff1 minus the Redemption Payoff calculated 
using General Redemption Payoff2 minus the Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption 
Payoff3. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to 
calculate the Redemption Payoff (and, if applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated using the 
relevant General Redemption Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
8.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Subtract Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption 
Determination Date as follows: 
Min [Cap; Max (Floor, Leverage × (General Redemption Payoff1 - General Redemption Payoff2 - General Redemption Payoff3))] 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Subtract Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for 
the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination 
Payoff Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with Combination Subtract 
Redemption Payoff Condition 8.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition 
as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx, as applicable, provided that Combination Subtract 
Redemption may only be applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the purposes 
of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General 
Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General 
Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8 and General Redemption Payoff9 is a 
Standard Redemption Payoff. 
8.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Subtract Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6); 
or

--- Page 739 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
739 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be 
infinity. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8, General Redemption Payoff9); 
or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8, General Redemption Payoff9), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be 
minus infinity. 
General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General 
Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8 and General Redemption Payoff9 each means the 
General Redemption Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Redemption 
Payoff, they will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined 
in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 740 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
740 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 9: Combination Maximum Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Maximum Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Maximum Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to 
the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Maximum Redemption (the Combination 
Maximum Redemption) is applicable. These Combination Maximum Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject 
to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Maximum Redemption Payoff Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
9 
COMBINATION MAXIMUM REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the 
greater of (i) Floor, (ii) the Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff1, (iii) the 
Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff2 and (iv) the Redemption Payoff 
calculated using General Redemption Payoff3. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff 
Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Redemption Payoff (and, if applicable, the Floor 
and/or the Cap) calculated using the relevant General Redemption Payoff used as a component for this 
Combination Payoff Condition. 
9.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Maximum Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption 
Determination Date as follows: 
Min(Cap, Max(Floor, General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3)) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Maximum Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for 
the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination 
Payoff Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with Combination Maximum 
Redemption Payoff Condition 9.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition 
as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx, as applicable, provided that Combination 
Maximum Redemption may only be applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for 
the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of 
General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, 
General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, 
General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8 or General Redemption Payoff9 is a 
Standard Redemption Payoff. 
9.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Maximum Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms 
shall have the following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6); 
or

--- Page 741 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
741 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be 
infinity. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8, General Redemption Payoff9); 
or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8, General Redemption Payoff9), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be 
minus infinity. 
General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General 
Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8 and General Redemption Payoff9 each means the 
General Redemption Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Redemption 
Payoff, they will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined 
in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 742 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
742 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 10: Combination Minimum Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Minimum Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Minimum Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to 
the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Minimum Redemption (the Combination 
Minimum Redemption) is applicable. These Combination Minimum Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Minimum Redemption Payoff Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
10 
COMBINATION MINIMUM REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities is calculated on the Redemption Determination Date 
as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) Floor and (ii) the lesser of (A) the Redemption Payoff 
calculated using General Redemption Payoff1, (B) the Redemption Payoff calculated using General 
Redemption Payoff2 and (C) the Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff3. You 
should also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the 
Redemption Payoff (and, if applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated using the relevant General 
Redemption Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
10.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Minimum Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption 
Determination Date as follows: 
Min[Cap; Max (Floor, Min(General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3))] 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Minimum Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for 
the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination 
Payoff Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with Combination Minimum 
Redemption Payoff Condition 10.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx, as applicable, provided that Combination 
Minimum Redemption may only be applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General 
Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General 
Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8 and General Redemption Payoff9 is a 
Standard Redemption Payoff. 
10.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Minimum Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms 
shall have the following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6); 
or

--- Page 743 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
743 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be 
infinity. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8, General Redemption Payoff9); 
or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8, General Redemption Payoff9), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be 
minus infinity. 
General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General 
Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8 and General Redemption Payoff9 each means the 
General Redemption Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Redemption 
Payoff, they will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined 
in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 744 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
744 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 11: Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency 
Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption Payoff 
Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Complex Digital 
Basket Contingency Redemption (the Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption) is 
applicable. These Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject 
to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption 
Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions 
Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
11 
COMBINATION COMPLEX DIGITAL BASKET CONTINGENCY REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff is calculated on the Redemption Determination Date as either (A) if the 
Underlying Valuei is within the Underlying Valuei Range on each relevant Redemption Observation Date, 
being the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) Floor and (ii) the result of Leverage multiplied by 
Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff1 then added to Margin or (B) otherwise, 
being the greater of (a) 0 and (b) Fixed Percentage minus Unwind Costs. The Underlying Valuei is 
calculated by reference to the price, level or rate of the Underlyingi or, if a combination of an Underlyingix 
and an Underlyingiy is specified in the Final Terms, is calculated by reference to the price, level or rate 
of the Underlyingix and of the Underlyingiy at the relevant time, as applicable. The value of the Underlyingi 
(or, as applicable, the relevant Underlyingix and Underlyingiy) will therefore affect which rate is used to 
calculate the Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities. You should also refer to the relevant 
General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Redemption Payoff (and, if 
applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated using the relevant General Redemption Payoff1 used as 
a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
11.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption is applicable shall be calculated 
on such Redemption Determination Date as follows: 
(i) 
if each Underlying Valuei is within the Underlying Valuei Range on each Redemption 
Observation Date, be calculated on the Redemption Determination Date as follows: 
Min (Cap, Max (Floor, Leverage × General Redemption Payoff1 + Margin)) 
and expressed as a percentage; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, be calculated on the Redemption Determination Date as follows: 
Max (0, Fixed Percentage - Unwind Costs) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption is applicable as a relevant 
General Redemption Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition 
(the Primary Combination Payoff Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such 
Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance 
with Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Payoff Condition 11.1(a) shall be used 
in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx, as 
applicable, provided that Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption may

--- Page 745 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
745 
only be applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable 
Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General Redemption Payoff1, 
General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General Redemption Payoff4, 
General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6 and General Redemption Payoff7 is 
a Standard Redemption Payoff. 
11.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption Payoff 
Conditions, the applicable Final Terms provides that "Relevant Observation" is applicable, references in 
these Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption Payoff Conditions to "Underlying 
Value" (save for the definition of such term in Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency 
Redemption Payoff Condition 11.3 below) shall be deemed to be references to the applicable Relevant 
Observation. 
11.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption Payoff 
Conditions, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General Redemption Payoff4); 
or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General Redemption Payoff4), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be 
infinity. 
Commencement Date means the Issue Date or such other date falling prior to the Issue Date and specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General Redemption Payoff7); 
or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General Redemption Payoff7), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be 
minus infinity. 
General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6 and General 
Redemption Payoff7 each means the General Redemption Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Lower Limiti means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
corresponding to the relevant Underlyingi (or, as applicable, to Underlyingix and Underlyingiy). 
Redemption Observation Date means, with respect to a Redemption Observation Period, each date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, each date falling such number of Business 
Days immediately preceding the first or last day of such Redemption Observation Period as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, and each such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the 
purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions.

--- Page 746 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
746 
Redemption Observation Period means: 
(a) 
with respect to Securities, other than Instalment Securities or for the purposes of calculating an 
Early Redemption Amount, the period specified as the Redemption Observation Period in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
with respect to Instalment Securities, the period from and including the Commencement Date to 
but excluding the date falling such number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms immediately preceding the first Instalment Date and each successive period beginning on 
and including the date falling such number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms immediately preceding an Instalment Date to but excluding the date falling such number 
of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms immediately preceding the following 
Instalment Date; or 
(c) 
for the purposes of calculating an Early Redemption Amount, the period from and including the 
Commencement Date to and including the date falling such number of Business Days as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to the Early Redemption Date. 
Underlyingi means any Commodity, Inflation Index, FX Rate, Benchmark Rate, ETF, Share, Fund 
Interest or Future, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, each an Underlying. For the avoidance of 
doubt, all Underlyingi, Underlyingix and Underlyingiy together constitute a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, 
as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
Underlyingix or Underlyingiy means an Underlying bearing the subscript "x" or an Underlying bearing 
the subscript "y" respectively, each corresponding to an i, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
if applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, all Underlyingi, Underlyingix and Underlyingiy together 
constitute a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset 
Conditions). 
Underlying Value means, with respect to a Redemption Observation Date or a Relevant Timing, as the 
case may be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlyingi which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlyingi which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlyingi which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlyingi which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlyingi which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlyingi which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlyingi which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlyingi which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price; or 
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be 
equal to zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying 
Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuei means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of an Underlyingi; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
for the same i:

--- Page 747 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
747 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the 
Underlying Value of such Underlyingiy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingix and 
Underlyingiy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingiy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of 
such Underlyingiy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy. 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingix, Underlyingiy), if "Applicable Formula" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination 
of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy. 
Underlying Valuei Range means the Range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
corresponding to the relevant Underlyingi (or, as applicable, to Underlyingix and Underlyingiy). 
Upper Limiti means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
corresponding to the relevant Underlyingi (or, as applicable, to Underlyingix and Underlyingiy). 
Unwind Costs means, (i) in the case of a Redemption Determination Date corresponding to an Early 
Redemption Date, zero (0) or (ii) in the case of a Redemption Determination Date corresponding to the 
Redemption Date or an Instalment Date, an amount, equal to such Security's pro rata portion of the value 
(determined in the currency in which the Securities are denominated) of any losses, expenses and costs 
to the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates who may have hedged the price risk of the Securities and 
any loss of tax relief or other tax consequences of unwinding or adjusting any underlying or related swap 
agreement or other hedging arrangements, all as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, 
divided by (a) in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Securities and (b) in the case of each Security in definitive form, the product of 
the Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount Factor, expressed as a percentage. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Redemption 
Payoff, they will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined 
in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 748 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
748 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 12: Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption Conditions) shall apply 
to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption (the 
Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption) is applicable. These Combination Payoff-Linked Digital 
Redemption Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
12 
COMBINATION PAYOFF-LINKED DIGITAL REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities is calculated as either (a) if the General Redemption 
Payoff2 is within the Range, the Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff1 or 
(b) otherwise, the Fixed Percentage. The value of the General Redemption Payoff2, which may depend on 
the value of an Underlying, will therefore affect which rate is used to calculate the Redemption Payoff 
applicable to the Securities. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an 
explanation of how to calculate the Redemption Payoff calculated using the relevant General Redemption 
Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
12.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such 
Redemption Determination Date as follows: 
(i) 
if General Redemption Payoff2 is within the Range on the Redemption Observation 
Date, General Redemption Payoff1; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, be equal to the Fixed Percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption 
Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary 
Combination Payoff Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary 
Combination Payoff Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with 
Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption Condition 12.1(a) shall be used in the Primary 
Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx, as applicable, 
provided that Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption may only be applicable as a 
relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff 
Condition for Securities when each of General Redemption Payoff1 and General Redemption 
Payoff2 is a Standard Redemption Payoff. 
12.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption Payoff Conditions, the 
following terms shall have the following meanings: 
General Redemption Payoff1 and General Redemption Payoff2 each means the General Redemption 
Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption Observation Date means, with respect to a Redemption Determination Date, each date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, each date falling such number of Business 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms immediately preceding the Redemption Determination Date,

--- Page 749 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
749 
and each such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset 
Conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Redemption 
Payoff, they will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined 
in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 750 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
750 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 13: Combination Digital Performance Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Digital Performance Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Digital Performance Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall 
apply to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Digital Performance Redemption 
(the Combination Digital Performance Redemption) is applicable. These Combination Digital Performance 
Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Digital Performance Redemption Payoff 
Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) 
will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
13 
COMBINATION DIGITAL PERFORMANCE REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities is calculated as either (a) if the Performance_CR 
reaches the relevant Barrier or is within the relevant Range either the Redemption Observation Date(s) 
or during the Redemption Observation Period, the Redemption Payoff calculated using the relevant 
General Redemption Payoff or (b) otherwise, the Redemption Payoff calculated using General 
Redemption Payoff7. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation 
of how to calculate the Redemption Payoff calculated using the relevant General Redemption Payoff used 
as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
13.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Digital Performance Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such 
Redemption Determination Date as follows: 
(i) 
if Performance_CR is [higher than CRB1] [higher than or equal to CRB1] [lower than 
CRB1] [lower than or equal to CRB1] [within Range1] [outside Range1] either (A) on 
[the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation Period:  
General Redemption Payoff1; or 
(ii) 
if Performance_CR is [higher than CRB2] [higher than or equal to CRB2] [lower than 
CRB2] [lower than or equal to CRB2] [within Range2] [outside Range2] either (A) on 
[the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation Period:  
General Redemption Payoff2; or 
(iii) 
if Performance_CR is [higher than CRB3] [higher than or equal to CRB3] [lower than 
CRB3] [lower than or equal to CRB3] [within Range3] [outside Range3] either (A) on 
[the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation Period:  
General Redemption Payoff3; or 
(iv) 
if Performance_CR is [higher than CRB4] [higher than or equal to CRB4] [lower than 
CRB4] [lower than or equal to CRB4] [within Range4] [outside Range4] either (A) on

--- Page 751 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B 
 
 
751 
[the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation Period:  
General Redemption Payoff4; or 
(v) 
if Performance_CR is [higher than CRB5] [higher than or equal to CRB5] [lower than 
CRB5] [lower than or equal to CRB5] [within Range5] [outside Range5] either (A) on 
[the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation Period:  
General Redemption Payoff5; or 
(vi) 
if Performance_CR is [higher than CRB6] [higher than or equal to CRB6] [lower than 
CRB6] [lower than or equal to CRB6] [within Range6] [outside Range6] either (A) on 
[the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation Period: 
General Redemption Payoff6; or 
(vii) 
otherwise, General Redemption Payoff7. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Digital Performance Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption 
Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary 
Combination Payoff Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary 
Combination Payoff Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with 
Combination Digital Performance Redemption Payoff Condition 13.1(a) shall be used in the 
Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx, as 
applicable, provided that Combination Digital Performance Redemption may only be applicable 
as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff 
Condition for Securities when each of General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption 
Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption 
Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6 and General Redemption Payoff7 is a Standard 
Redemption Payoff. 
13.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Digital Performance Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following 
terms shall have the following meanings: 
General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6 and General 
Redemption Payoff7 each means the General Redemption Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 752 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
 
752 
ANNEX 7 – PAYOFF FEATURE CONDITIONS 
The chapters of this annex each set out additional terms and conditions for Securities, which apply one or more 
features (if any) to the interest and/or redemption mechanics as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to Payoff Features shall comprise the General Conditions and the Additional 
Conditions, in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the General Conditions and the Additional Conditions, the Additional Conditions shall prevail. 
The following chapters comprise the terms and conditions (the Payoff Feature Conditions) that shall apply to 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that one or more chapters of the Payoff Feature Conditions is 
applicable, each such chapter being in respect of, and comprising the terms and conditions in respect of, a Payoff 
Feature. Only those chapters containing a Payoff Feature specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable 
will apply to a particular Series of Securities. The Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
The Payoff Feature Conditions are set out as follows: 
Part A 
 
Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 1 
Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 2 
Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 3 
Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 4 
Memory Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 5 
Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 6 
Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 7 
Single Interest Payment Date Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 8 
Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 9 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 10 
Global Cap Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 11 
Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 12 
Reserve Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 13 
Part B 
 
Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 1 
Global Floor Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 2 
Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 3 
Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 4 
Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 5 
Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 6

--- Page 753 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
 
753 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 7 
Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 8 
Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 9 
Part C 
 
Interest and Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
Additive Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 1 
Part D 
 
Performance Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
Currency Performance Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 1 
Part E 
 
Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 1

--- Page 754 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
754 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A: Chapter 1: Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specify Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature (Investor Interest 
Switch Payoff Feature) is applicable. These Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
1 
INVESTOR INTEREST SWITCH PAYOFF FEATURE 
All Securityholders acting together may, at their option, request or, as applicable, elect to switch the basis 
on which interest is calculated from (i) calculation of the Linked Interest Rate using Linked Interest1 to 
(ii) calculation of the Linked Interest Rate using Linked Interest2, by sending a notice on or prior to an 
Investor Interest Switch Expiry Date. You should also refer to the relevant Standard Payoff Conditions 
or Combination Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate 
calculated using the relevant Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff referred to for this 
Payoff Feature Condition. 
1.1 
Methodology 
(a) 
If Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
applicable, the Qualifying Securityholders may request, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, 
to switch the basis on which interest is calculated from Linked Interest1 to Linked Interest2 in 
accordance with these Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions (the Investor Interest 
Switch Option). On any Business Day during the Interest Accrual Period to which the Investor 
Interest Switch Option applies, on or after the Investor Interest Switch Notice Time on the 
Investor Interest Switch Notice Date and on or before the Investor Interest Switch Expiry Time 
on the Investor Interest Switch Expiry Date, the Qualifying Securityholders, at their option, may 
deliver an Investor Interest Potential Switch Notice (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) 
specifying (as the case may be) Linked Interest2.  An Investor Interest Potential Switch Notice 
must include (i) evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer that the Securities to which the 
Investor Interest Potential Switch Notice relates are held by the relevant Securityholder and (ii) 
confirmation from the relevant clearing system that such Securities are blocked in the relevant 
Securityholder's account together with the Securityholder's undertaking that such Securities shall 
remain so blocked until five Business Days (inclusive) after the date on which such Investor 
Interest Potential Switch Notice is delivered by the Securityholder. 
(b) 
On or before the second Business Day following receipt of an Investor Interest Potential Switch 
Notice, the relevant Issuer will deliver an Investor Interest Switch Notification. The delivery of 
an Investor Interest Switch Notification does not, under any circumstances, constitute an 
undertaking or firm offer by the Issuer to effect a switch of the basis on which interest is 
calculated as set out in the Investor Interest Switch Notification. Following delivery of an 
Investor Interest Switch Notification and in the absence of an Investor Interest Switch 
Acceptance in accordance with paragraph 1.1(e) below, the relevant Issuer will have no 
obligation to effect the switch of the basis on which interest is calculated as set out in the Investor 
Interest Switch Notification, including where the Qualifying Securityholders deliver an Investor 
Interest Switch Notice in accordance with paragraph 1.1(e) below. 
(c) 
Qualifying Securityholders, at their option, may send a notice (an Investor Interest Switch 
Notice) to the relevant Issuer (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent), no later than thirty 
(30) minutes (or such other time specified in the Final Terms) following receipt of an Investor 
Interest Switch Notification, requiring the exercise of the Investor Interest Switch Option, in

--- Page 755 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
755 
accordance with the Investor Interest Switch Notification. An Investor Interest Switch Notice 
must include (i) evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer that the Securities to which the 
Investor Interest Switch Notice relates are held by the relevant Securityholder and (ii) 
confirmation from the relevant clearing system that such Securities are blocked in the relevant 
Securityholder's account together with the Securityholder's undertaking that such Securities shall 
remain so blocked until five Business Days (inclusive) after the date on which the Investor 
Interest Potential Switch Notice was delivered by the relevant Securityholder. 
(d) 
If the relevant Issuer notifies the Qualifying Securityholders of its acceptance of the Investor 
Interest Switch Notification on or before the Business Day following receipt of the Investor 
Interest Switch Notification (an Investor Interest Switch Acceptance), until the Qualifying 
Securityholders deliver a new Investor Interest Potential Switch Notice, the Linked Interest Rate 
applicable to the Securities will be determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(i) 
if "Effective Interest Accrual Period" is specified as being "Current Investor Interest 
Switch" in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period prior to the Interest Accrual Period 
during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch 
Acceptance, on the basis of Linked Interest1; and 
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and all subsequent Interest Accrual 
Periods, on the basis of Linked Interest2; or 
(ii) 
if "Following Investor Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and all Interest Accrual Periods 
prior to it, on the basis of Linked Interest1; and  
(B) 
in respect of all Interest Accrual Periods following that during which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance, on the basis 
of Linked Interest2; or 
(iii) 
If "Other Investor Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period prior to the Interest Accrual Period 
during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch 
Acceptance, on the basis of Linked Interest1; and 
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and each subsequent Interest 
Accrual period commencing on an Interest Determination Date prior to the 
Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms for this 
purpose, on the basis of Linked Interest1; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that during which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and 
commencing on an Interest Determination Date on or after the Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms for this purpose, on 
the basis of Linked Interest2; or 
(iv) 
If "Current Single Investor Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms:

--- Page 756 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
756 
(A) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period prior to the Interest Accrual Period 
during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch 
Acceptance, on the basis of Linked Interest1; and  
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance, on the basis of Linked Interest2; 
and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that during which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance, on the basis 
of Linked Interest1; or 
(v) 
If "Following Single Investor Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and all Interest Accrual Periods 
prior to it, on the basis of Linked Interest1; and 
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period immediately following that on which 
the relevant Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance on the basis 
of Linked Interest2; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that referred to in sub-
paragraph (B) above, on the basis of Linked Interest1; or 
(vi) 
If "Current Limited Single Investor Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period prior to the Interest Accrual Period 
during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch 
Acceptance, on the basis of Linked Interest1; and  
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and each subsequent Interest 
Accrual period commencing on an Interest Determination Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms for this purpose, on the basis of Linked Interest2; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period subsequent to that during which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and not 
covered by sub-paragraph (B) above, on the basis of Linked Interest1; or 
(vii) 
If "Following Limited Single Investor Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and all Interest Accrual Periods 
prior to it, on the basis of Linked Interest1; and  
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period immediately following that on which 
the relevant Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance, on the 
basis of Linked Interest2; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that on which the relevant 
Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and commencing on 
the Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms for this 
purpose, on the basis of Linked Interest2; and

--- Page 757 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
757 
(D) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period subsequent to that during which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and not 
covered by sub-paragraph (B) above, on the basis of Linked Interest1; or 
(viii) 
If "Limited Investor Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and all Interest Accrual Periods 
prior to it, on the basis of Linked Interest1; and  
(B) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that on which the relevant 
Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and commencing on 
each Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms for this 
purpose, on the basis of Linked Interest2; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period subsequent to that during which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and not 
covered by sub-paragraph (B) above, on the basis of Linked Interest1. 
(e) 
If the relevant Issuer does not send an Investor Interest Switch Acceptance to the Qualifying 
Securityholders in accordance with paragraph 1.1(c) above, the Linked Interest Rate applicable 
to the Securities will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of Linked Interest1, 
until the Qualifying Securityholders deliver a new Investor Interest Potential Switch Notice. 
Qualifying Securityholders may exercise the Investor Interest Switch Option as many times as 
the Investor Interest Switch Number during the life of the Securities, subject to the Investor 
Interest Switch Frequency.  For the avoidance of doubt, where Qualifying Securityholders have 
exercised the Investor Interest Switch Option a number of times equal to the Investor Interest 
Switch Number, interest on the Securities will be calculated in accordance with the last Investor 
Interest Switch Option validly exercised. 
1.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
Investor Interest Potential Switch Notice means written notice given by the Qualifying Securityholders 
to the relevant Issuer (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices), requesting a switch to the basis on which interest is calculated in respect of the current 
Interest Accrual Period and/or to all or some of the subsequent Interest Accrual Periods (in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms) and specifying Linked Interest2, until the Qualifying Securityholders 
deliver a new Investor Interest Potential Switch Notice (as the case may be). 
Investor Interest Switch Acceptance has the meaning given to it in Investor Interest Switch Payoff 
Feature Condition 1.1(e) above. 
Investor Interest Switch Expiry Date means the date that is ten (10) Business Days, or such other 
number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, prior to (i) each Interest Determination 
Date or the relevant Interest Determination Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) each 
Interest Period Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Investor Interest Switch Expiry Time means the time designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Investor Interest Switch Frequency means the frequency specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.   
Investor Interest Switch Notice has the meaning given to it in Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature 
Condition 1.1(c) above.

--- Page 758 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
758 
Investor Interest Switch Notice Date means, in respect of an Investor Interest Switch Expiry Date, the 
date falling the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to such Investor 
Interest Switch Expiry Date. 
Investor Interest Switch Notice Time the time designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Investor Interest Switch Notification means, in respect of an Investor Interest Potential Switch Notice, 
a written notice given by the relevant Issuer to the Qualifying Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices) notifying them of the conditions on which it would effect the switch to the basis 
on which interest is calculated. 
Investor Interest Switch Number means the number designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Interest1 means the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Interest2 means the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff: 
(a) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
to be specified as such in the Investor Interest Switch Notice, 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and, in each case, specified in the Investor Interest Switch 
Notification and confirmed by an Investor Interest Switch Notice and an Investor Interest Switch 
Acceptance. 
Qualifying Securityholders means the Securityholder holding, or the Securityholders together holding, 
100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the Securities outstanding.

--- Page 759 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
759 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A: Chapter 2: Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specify Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature (the Issuer Interest 
Switch Payoff Feature) is applicable. These Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
2 
ISSUER INTEREST SWITCH PAYOFF FEATURE 
The relevant Issuer may at its option (once during the life of the Securities) elect to switch the basis on 
which interest is calculated from (i) calculation of the Linked Interest Rate using Linked Interest1 to (ii) 
calculation of the Linked Interest Rate using Linked Interest2, by sending a notice on or prior to an Issuer 
Interest Switch Expiry Date. You should also refer to the relevant Standard Payoff Conditions or 
Combination Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate calculated 
using the relevant Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Payoff Conditions referred to for this Payoff 
Feature Condition. 
2.1 
Methodology 
If Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, the 
relevant Issuer may elect to switch the basis on which interest is calculated from Linked Interest1 to 
Linked Interest2 in accordance with these Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions (the Issuer 
Interest Switch Option). 
(a) 
The relevant Issuer may, at its option, deliver an Issuer Interest Switch Notice to Securityholders 
(with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent), specifying (as relevant) Linked Interest2, on any 
Business Day during the Interest Accrual Period to which the Issuer Interest Switch Option 
applies, on or after the Issuer Interest Switch Notice Time on the Issuer Interest Switch Notice 
Date and on or before the Issuer Interest Switch Expiry Time on the Issuer Interest Switch Expiry 
Date. 
(b) 
If the relevant Issuer sends the Qualifying Securityholders an Issuer Interest Switch Notice in 
accordance with paragraph (a) above, the Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(i) 
if "Current Issuer Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period prior to the Interest Accrual Period 
during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice to 
Securityholders, on the basis of Linked Interest1; and 
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice and for all subsequent Interest Accrual 
Periods, on the basis of Linked Interest2; or 
(ii) 
if "Following Issuer Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice and all Interest Accrual Periods prior to 
it, on the basis of Linked Interest1; and

--- Page 760 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
760 
(B) 
in respect of all Interest Accrual Periods following that during which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice, on the basis of Linked 
Interest2; or 
(iii) 
if "Other Issuer Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period prior to the Interest Accrual Period 
during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice, on 
the basis of Linked Interest1; and 
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice and each subsequent Interest Accrual 
period commencing on an Interest Determination Date prior to the Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms for this purpose, on 
the basis of Linked Interest1; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that during which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice and commencing on 
an Interest Determination Date on or after the Interest Determination Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms for this purpose, on the basis of Linked 
Interest2; or 
(iv) 
If "Current Single Issuer Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period prior to the Interest Accrual Period 
during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice, on 
the basis of Linked Interest1; and  
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice, on the basis of Linked Interest2; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period subsequent to that during which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice, on the basis of Linked 
Interest1; or 
(v) 
If "Following Single Issuer Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice and all Interest Accrual Periods prior to 
it, on the basis of Linked Interest1; and 
(B) 
the Interest Accrual Period immediately following that on which the relevant 
Issuer sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice, on the basis of Linked 
Interest2; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that referred to in sub-
paragraph (B) above, on the basis of Linked Interest1; or 
(vi) 
If "Current Limited Single Issuer Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period prior to the Interest Accrual Period 
during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice, on 
the basis of Linked Interest1; and  
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice and each subsequent Interest Accrual

--- Page 761 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
761 
period commencing on an Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms for this purpose, on the basis of Linked Interest2; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period subsequent to that during which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice and not covered by 
sub-paragraph (B) above, on the basis of Linked Interest1; or 
(vii) 
If "Following Limited Single Issuer Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice and all Interest Accrual Periods prior to 
it, on the basis of Linked Interest1; and 
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period immediately following that on which 
the relevant Issuer sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice, on the basis of 
Linked Interest2; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that on which the relevant 
Issuer sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice and commencing on the 
Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms for this 
purpose, on the basis of Linked Interest2; and 
(D) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period subsequent to that during which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice and not covered by 
sub-paragraph (B) above, on the basis of Linked Interest1; or 
(viii) 
If "Limited Issuer Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice and all Interest Accrual Periods prior to 
it, on the basis of Linked Interest1; and 
(B) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that on which the relevant 
Issuer sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice and commencing on each 
Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms for this 
purpose, on the basis of Linked Interest2; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period subsequent to that during which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice and not covered by 
sub-paragraph (B) above, on the basis of Linked Interest1. 
(c) 
If the relevant Issuer does not send an Issuer Interest Switch Notice to the Qualifying 
Securityholders in accordance with paragraph (b) above, the Linked Interest Rate applicable to 
the Securities will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of Linked Interest1. 
(d) 
The relevant Issuer may exercise the Issuer Interest Switch Option once only during the life of 
the Securities. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
2.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings: 
Issuer Interest Switch Expiry Date means the date that is ten (10) Business Days, or such other number 
of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, prior to (i) each Interest Determination Date or

--- Page 762 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
762 
the relevant Interest Determination Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) each Interest 
Period Date or each Interest Period Date specified in applicable Final Terms. 
Issuer Interest Switch Notice means a written notice given by the relevant Issuer to the Qualifying 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) designating the conditions on which 
it would effect the switch to the basis on which interest is calculated. 
Issuer Interest Switch Notice Date means, in respect of an Issuer Interest Switch Expiry Date, the date 
falling the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to such Issuer Interest 
Switch Notice Date. 
Linked Interest1 means the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Interest2 means the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff: 
(a) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
specified as such in the Issuer Interest Switch Notice, 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Qualifying Securityholders means the Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Securities outstanding.

--- Page 763 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
763 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A: Chapter 3: Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specify Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature (the Knock-out 
Interest Switch Payoff Feature) is applicable. These Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions are 
subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
3 
KNOCK-OUT INTEREST SWITCH PAYOFF FEATURE 
The basis on which interest is calculated will automatically switch from (i) calculation of the Linked 
Interest Rate using Linked Interest1 to (ii) calculation of the Linked Interest Rate using Linked Interest2 if 
either on the Knock-out Interest Switch Observation Date(s) or during the Knock-out Interest Switch 
Observation Period, the Underlying Value reaches the relevant Knock-out Barrier or is within the 
relevant Range. For the avoidance of doubt, a Knock-out Interest Switch can occur once only during the 
life of the Securities. You should also refer to the relevant Standard Payoff Conditions or Combination 
Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate calculated using the 
relevant Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff referred to for this Payoff Feature 
Condition. 
3.1 
Methodology 
If Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the basis on which interest is calculated will automatically switch from Linked Interest1 to Linked Interest2 
(a Knock-out Interest Switch) if, during the life of the Securities, a Knock-out Interest Switch Event 
occurs. The relevant Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practical following the occurrence of a Knock-
out Interest Switch Event, deliver a Knock-out Interest Switch Notice. For the avoidance of doubt, a 
Knock-out Interest Switch can occur once only during the life of the Securities. 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities shall be determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
if a Knock-out Interest Switch Event has not occurred in accordance with these Knock-out 
Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions, in accordance with Linked Interest1; or 
(b) 
if a Knock-out Interest Switch Event has occurred in accordance with these Knock-out Interest 
Switch Payoff Feature Conditions: 
(i) 
on each Interest Determination Date up to (but excluding) the Knock-out Interest Switch 
Date, in respect of each corresponding Interest Accrual Period, in accordance with 
Linked Interest1; and 
(ii) 
on each Interest Determination Date from (and including) the Knock-out Interest Switch 
Date, in respect of each corresponding Interest Accrual Period, in accordance with 
Linked Interest2. 
3.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
Knock-out Barrier means a percentage of the Initial Underlying Value(i), as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 764 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
764 
Knock-out Interest Switch Date means (a) the Interest Determination Date immediately following the 
occurrence of a Knock-out Interest Switch Event or (b) the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Knock-out Interest Switch Event means that the Underlying Value is [higher than the Knock-out 
Barrier] [higher than or equal to the Knock-out Barrier] [lower than the Knock-out Barrier] [lower than 
or equal to the Knock-out Barrier] [within Range] [outside Range] either (A) on [the] [the current][each] 
[at least one previous] [each previous] Knock-out Interest Switch Observation Date, or (B) [at least one 
time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Knock-out Interest Switch 
Observation Period. 
Knock-out Interest Switch Notice means a written notice given by the relevant Issuer to the 
Securityholders (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices) informing the Securityholders of the occurrence of a Knock-out Interest Switch Event. 
Knock-out Interest Switch Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms and each such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant 
Asset Conditions. 
Knock-out Interest Switch Observation Period means the period specified as a Knock-out Interest 
Switch Observation Period in the applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Interest1 means the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Interest2 means the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 765 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
765 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A: Chapter 4: Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specify Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature (the Target Interest 
Switch Payoff Feature) is applicable. These Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
4 
TARGET INTEREST SWITCH PAYOFF FEATURE 
The basis on which interest is calculated will automatically switch from (i) calculation of the Linked 
Interest Rate using Linked Interest1 to (ii) calculation of the Linked Interest Rate using Linked Interest2 if 
a Target Interest Switch Event occurs. A Target Interest Switch Event occurs if the payment of the Interest 
Amount on an Interest Payment Date results in the aggregate of all Interest Amounts (paid in respect of 
the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities (if a Global Security) or the product of the 
Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount Factor (if a Definitive Security)) paid up to and 
including such Interest Payment Date is greater than or equal to the Aggregate Interest Amount Cap. For 
the avoidance of doubt, a Target Interest Switch can occur once only during the life of the Securities. You 
should also refer to the relevant Standard Payoff Conditions or Combination Payoff Conditions for an 
explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate calculated using the relevant Standard Interest 
Payoff or Combined Interest Payoff referred to for this Payoff Feature Condition. 
4.1 
Methodology 
If Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, the 
basis on which interest is calculated will automatically switch from Linked Interest1 to Linked Interest2 
(Target Interest Switch) if during the life of the Securities a Target Interest Switch Event occurs. The 
relevant Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following the occurrence of a Target Interest 
Switch Event, deliver a Target Interest Switch Notice. For the avoidance of doubt, a Target Interest Switch 
can occur once only during the life of the Securities. 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to Securities shall be determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
If a Target Interest Switch Event has not occurred in accordance with these Target Interest Switch 
Payoff Feature Conditions, in accordance with Linked Interest1; and 
(b) 
if a Target Interest Switch Event has occurred in accordance with these Target Interest Switch 
Payoff Feature Conditions: 
(i) 
on each Interest Determination Date up to (and including) the Target Interest Switch 
Date, in respect of each corresponding Interest Accrual Period, in accordance with 
Linked Interest1; and 
(ii) 
on each Interest Determination Date from (but excluding) the Target Interest Switch 
Date, in respect of each corresponding Interest Accrual Period, in accordance with 
Linked Interest2. 
4.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings:

--- Page 766 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
766 
Aggregate Interest Amount Cap means an amount in the Specified Currency per Calculation Amount 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which shall be multiplied by: 
(a) 
in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, the Global Security Calculation 
Amount Factor; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Security in definitive form, the Calculation Amount Factor. 
Global Security Calculation Amount Factor means a number equal to the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Securities divided by the Calculation Amount. 
Linked Interest1 means the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Interest2 means the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Target Interest Switch Date means (a) the Interest Payment Date on which a Target Interest Switch 
Event occurs or (b) the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Target Interest Switch Event means the payment of the Interest Amount on an Interest Payment Date 
results in the aggregate of all Interest Amounts (paid in respect of (a) in the case of Securities represented 
by a Global Security, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities and (b) in the case of 
each Security in definitive form, the product of the Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount 
Factor) paid in respect of the Securities up to and including that Interest Payment Date being greater than 
or equal to the Aggregate Interest Amount Cap. 
Target Interest Switch Notice means a written notice given by the relevant Issuer to the Securityholders 
(with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) informing 
the Securityholders of the occurrence of a Target Interest Switch Event.

--- Page 767 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
767 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A: Chapter 5: Memory Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specify Memory Interest Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Memory Interest Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Memory Interest Payoff Feature (the Memory Interest Payoff Feature) 
is applicable. These Memory Interest Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Memory Interest Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given 
to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
5 
MEMORY INTEREST PAYOFF FEATURE 
The Interest Amount payable on an Interest Payment Date, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period in 
respect of which this Memory Interest Payoff Feature applies, shall be equal to, if the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period calculated in accordance with the Linked Interest and 
the applicable Conditions, prior to application of the Memory Interest Payoff Feature is (i) greater than 
zero (0), then at the Interest Amount payable in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period calculated 
using the Interest Amounts of previous consecutive Interest Payment Dates for which no Interest Amount 
was paid (if any), or (ii) equal to zero (0), then zero (0). You should also refer to the relevant Standard 
Payoff Conditions or Combination Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Linked 
Interest Rate calculated using the relevant Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff 
referred to for this Payoff Feature Condition. 
5.1 
Methodology 
If Memory Interest Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable in respect 
of an Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Amount payable in respect of that Interest Accrual Period on 
the related Interest Payment Date shall be calculated as follows: 
(a) 
if the Interest Amount payable in respect of that Interest Accrual Period calculated in accordance 
with the Linked Interest and the applicable Conditions, prior to application of the Memory 
Interest Payoff Feature, is greater than zero (0): 
∑Fixed Rate (t)
N
t=n+1
 
(b) 
if the Interest Amount payable in respect of that Interest Accrual Period calculated in accordance 
with the Linked Interest and the applicable Conditions, prior to application of the Memory 
Interest Payoff Feature, is equal to zero (0): 
zero (0) 
5.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Memory Interest Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
n is the number of the last Interest Payment Date or Interest Accrual Period in respect of which an Interest 
Amount has been paid, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If no Interest Amount has been paid 
prior to the current Interest Payment Date or Interest Accrual Period, the value of “n” will be equal to 
zero. 
N is the number of the current Interest Payment Date or Interest Accrual Period.

--- Page 768 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
768 
Fixed Rate(t) means the Linked Interest Rate payable in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date 
“t” or Interest Accrual Period “t” calculated in accordance with the Linked Interest and the applicable 
Conditions. 
Linked Interest means the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 769 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
769 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A: Chapter 6: Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specify Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature (the Dual Currency 
(Interest) Payoff Feature) is applicable. These Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature Conditions are subject 
to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
6 
DUAL CURRENCY (INTEREST) PAYOFF FEATURE 
If Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature is applicable the interest amounts (if any) will be paid in any 
one of the Interest Currencies. 
6.1 
Methodology 
If Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
the interest amount payable on each Interest Payment Date (or, as applicable, on any other 
relevant payment date) will be payable in any one of the Interest Currencies; 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the interest amount to be paid in accordance with the Dual 
Currency Method on the relevant Interest Determination Date (or, as applicable, any other 
relevant determination date); and 
(c) 
any reference to the Specified Currency for the purpose of payment of interest on the Securities 
will be deemed to be a reference to any of the Interest Currencies. 
6.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
Dual Currency Method means (a) if "multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
multiplying the interest amount by the relevant Dual Currency (Interest) Exchange Rate or (b) if 
"division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, dividing the interest amount by the relevant Dual 
Currency (Interest) Exchange Rate. 
Dual Currency (Interest) Exchange Rate means, with respect to an Interest Currency, the rate 
determined in accordance with the definition of "FX Rate" provided for in the FX Linked Asset 
Conditions unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. For this purpose, the FX Linked 
Asset Conditions are incorporated in, and apply mutatis mutandis (as though such provisions were set out 
in full herein) to, these Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature Conditions subject to the following: 
(a) 
references to the FX Rate shall be deemed to be references to the Dual Currency (Interest) 
Exchange Rate; 
(b) 
references to the Base Currency shall be deemed to be references to the Specified Currency; 
(c) 
references to the Reference Currency shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest 
Currency; and 
(d) 
references to a relevant Observation Date shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date.

--- Page 770 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
770 
Interest Currency means each currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 771 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
771 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A: Chapter 7: Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specify Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature (the Reset Option 
Interest Payoff Feature) is applicable. These Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
7 
RESET OPTION INTEREST PAYOFF FEATURE 
All Securityholders acting together may request to change the basis on which interest is calculated. 
Following receipt of such request, the Issuer will notify the Qualifying Securityholders of the manner in 
which it would propose to change the basis on which interest is calculated and the Qualifying 
Securityholders may agree with the Issuer in implementing such changes, or not. There is no guarantee 
that any change in the basis on which interest is calculated will be beneficial for Securityholders. 
7.1 
Methodology 
(a) 
If Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, 
the Qualifying Securityholders may, at their option, elect to switch the basis on which interest is 
calculated in accordance with these Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature Conditions (the Reset 
Option). 
The Qualifying Securityholders may, at their option, deliver a Potential Reset Switch Notice 
(with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) on any Business Day during the Interest Accrual 
Period to which the Reset Option applies, on or after the Reset Switch Notice time on the Reset 
Switch Notice Date and on or before the Reset Switch Expiry time on the Reset Switch Expiry 
Date. A Potential Reset Switch Notice must include (i) evidence reasonably satisfactory to the 
Issuer of the relevant Securityholder's holding of the Securities to which the Potential Reset 
Switch Notice relates and (ii) confirmation from the relevant clearing system that such Securities 
are blocked in the relevant Securityholder's account together with the Securityholder's 
undertaking that such Securities shall remain so blocked until the fifth Business Day (inclusive) 
after the date on which a Potential Reset Switch Notice is delivered by the relevant 
Securityholder. 
On or before the second Business Day following receipt of a Potential Reset Switch Notice, the 
relevant Issuer will deliver Reset Switch Notification. The delivery of a Reset Switch 
Notification does not, under any circumstances, constitute an undertaking or firm offer by the 
Issuer to effect a switch of the basis on which interest is calculated as set out in the Reset Switch 
Notification. Following delivery of a Reset Switch Notification and in the absence of a Reset 
Switch Acceptance in accordance with paragraph (b) below, the relevant Issuer will have no 
obligation to effect the switch of the basis on which interest is calculated as set out in the Reset 
Switch Notification, including where the Qualifying Securityholders deliver Reset Switch Notice 
in accordance with paragraph (b) below. 
(b) 
Qualifying Securityholders, at their option, may send a notice (an Reset Switch Notice) to the 
relevant Issuer (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) on or before the second Business Day 
following receipt of a Reset Switch Notification, requiring the exercise of the Reset Switch 
Option in accordance with the Reset Switch Notification. A Reset Switch Notice must include 
(i) evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer of the relevant Securityholder's holding of the 
Securities to which the Potential Reset Switch Notice relates and (ii) confirmation from the 
relevant clearing system that such Securities are blocked in the relevant Securityholder's account

--- Page 772 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
772 
together with the Securityholder's undertaking that such Securities shall remain so blocked until 
five Business Days (inclusive) after the date on which the Reset Switch Notice was delivered by 
the relevant Securityholder to which the Reset Switch Notification relates. 
(c) 
If the relevant Issuer notifies the Qualifying Securityholders of its acceptance of the Reset Switch 
Notification on or before the Business Day following receipt of the Reset Switch Notification (a 
Reset Switch Acceptance) by such Issuer, until the Qualifying Securityholders deliver a new 
Potential Reset Switch Notice (as the case may be), the Linked Interest Rate applicable to the 
Securities will be determined on the basis described in the Reset Switch Notification as follows: 
(i) 
if "Current Reset Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period prior to the Interest Accrual Period 
during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance to 
Securityholders, on the basis of the calculation for the Interest Amount already 
being used; and 
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Reset Switch Acceptance and for all subsequent Interest Accrual 
Periods, on the basis of the calculation for the Interest Amount set out in the 
Reset Switch Notification; or 
(ii) 
if "Following Reset Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Reset Switch Acceptance and all Interest Accrual Periods prior to it, on 
the basis of the calculation for the Interest Amount already being used; and 
(B) 
in respect of all Interest Accrual Periods following that during which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance, on the basis of the 
calculation for the Interest Amount set out in the Reset Switch Notification; or 
(iii) 
if "Other Reset Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period prior to the Interest Accrual Period 
during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance, on the 
basis of the calculation for the Interest Amount already being used; and 
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Reset Switch Acceptance and each subsequent Interest Accrual period 
commencing on an Interest Determination Date prior to the Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms for this purpose, on 
the basis of the calculation for the Interest Amount already being used; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that during which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance and commencing on an 
Interest Determination Date on or after the Interest Determination Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms for this purpose, on the basis of the 
calculation for the Interest Amount set out in the Reset Switch Notification; or 
(iv) 
if "Current Single Reset Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period prior to the Interest Accrual Period 
during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance, on the 
basis of the calculation for the Interest Amount already being used; and 
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Reset Switch Acceptance, on the basis of the calculation for the Interest 
Amount set out in the Reset Switch Notification; and

--- Page 773 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
773 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period subsequent to that during which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance, on the basis of the 
calculation for the Interest Amount already being used; or 
(v) 
if "Following Single Reset Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Reset Switch Acceptance and all Interest Accrual Periods prior to it, on 
the basis of the calculation for the Interest Amount already being used; and  
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period immediately following that on which 
the relevant Issuer sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance, on the basis of the 
calculation for the Interest Amount set out in the Reset Switch Notification; 
and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that referred to in sub-
paragraph (B) above, on the basis of the calculation for the Interest Amount 
already being used; or 
(vi) 
if "Current Limited Single Reset Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period prior to the Interest Accrual Period 
during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance, on the 
basis of the calculation for the Interest Amount already being used; and 
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Reset Switch Acceptance and each subsequent Interest Accrual period 
commencing on an Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms for this purpose, on the basis of the calculation for the Interest Amount 
set out in the Reset Switch Notification; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period subsequent to that during which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance and not covered by sub-
paragraph (B) above, on the basis of the calculation for the Interest Amount 
already being used; or 
(vii) 
if "Following Limited Single Reset Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Reset Switch Acceptance and all Interest Accrual Periods prior to it, on 
the basis of the calculation for the Interest Amount already being used; and 
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period immediately following that on which 
the relevant Issuer sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance, on the basis of the 
calculation for the Interest Amount set out in the Reset Switch Notification; 
and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that on which the relevant 
Issuer sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance and commencing on the Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms for this purpose, on 
the basis of the calculation for the Interest Amount set out in the Reset Switch 
Notification; and 
(D) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period subsequent to that during which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance and not covered by sub-

--- Page 774 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
774 
paragraph (B) above, on the basis of the calculation for the Interest Amount 
already being used; or 
(viii) 
if "Limited Reset Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Reset Switch Acceptance and all Interest Accrual Periods prior to it, on 
the basis of the calculation for the Interest Amount already being used; and  
(B) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period (i) following that on which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance and (ii) commencing on 
each Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms for this 
purpose, on the basis of the calculation for the Interest Amount set out in the 
Reset Switch Notification; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period subsequent to that during which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance and not covered by sub-
paragraph (B) above, on the basis of the calculation for the Interest Amount 
already being used. 
If the relevant Issuer does not send an Reset Switch Acceptance to the Qualifying 
Securityholders in accordance with paragraph (b) above, the Linked Interest Rate applicable to 
the Securities will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the calculation for the 
Interest Amount already being used. 
Qualifying Securityholders may exercise the Reset Switch Option as many times as the Reset 
Switch Number during the life of the Securities, subject to the Reset Switch Frequency. For the 
avoidance of doubt, where Qualifying Securityholders have exercised the Reset Switch Option 
a number of times equal to the Reset Switch Number interest on the Securities will be calculated 
in accordance with the last Reset Switch Option validly exercised. 
7.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings: 
Potential Reset Switch Notice means a written notice given by the Qualifying Securityholders to the 
relevant Issuer (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices) requesting a change to the basis on which interest is calculated in respect of the current Interest 
Accrual Period and/or to all or some of the subsequent Interest Accrual Periods (in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms) until the Qualifying Securityholders deliver a new Investor Interest Potential 
Switch Notice as the case may be. 
Qualifying Securityholders means the Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Securities outstanding. 
Reset Switch Acceptance has the meaning given to it in Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature 
Condition 7.1 above. 
Reset Switch Expiry Date means the date that is ten (10) Business Days, or such other number of 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, prior to (a) each Interest Determination Date or 
the relevant Interest Determination Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms or (b) each Interest 
Period Date or each Interest Period Date specified in applicable Final Terms. 
Reset Switch Expiry Time means the time designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reset Switch Frequency means the frequency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 775 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
775 
Reset Switch Notice has the meaning set out in this Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature Condition 7.1(b) 
(Methodology). 
Reset Switch Notice Date means in respect of a Reset Switch Expiry Date, the date falling the number 
of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to such Reset Switch Expiry Date. 
Reset Switch Notice Time the time designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reset Switch Notification means, with respect to any Potential Reset Switch Notice, a written notice 
given by the relevant Issuer to the Qualifying Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices) notifying the Qualifying Securityholders of the manner in which it would propose to change the 
basis on which interest is calculated. 
Reset Switch Number means the number designated as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 776 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
776 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A: Chapter 8: Single Interest Payment Date Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specify Single Interest Payment Date Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Single Interest Payment Date Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to 
the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Single Interest Payment Date Payoff Feature (the Single 
Interest Payment Date Payoff Feature) is applicable. These Single Interest Payment Date Payoff Feature 
Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Single Interest Payment Date Payoff Feature Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. You should also refer to the relevant Conditions for an 
explanation of how to calculate the Interest Amount. 
8 
SINGLE INTEREST PAYMENT DATE PAYOFF FEATURE 
The sum of all Interest Amounts (if any) will be paid on the Single Interest Payment Date. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the investor will not be entitled to any interest on any Interest Amount determined on 
an Interest Determination Date for the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided that the Single Interest 
Amount is paid in full on the Single Interest Payment Date. 
8.1 
Methodology 
If Single Interest Payment Date Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, 
notwithstanding that multiple Interest Payment Dates are specified in the Final Terms and used in the 
determination of the Interest Amount, (a) each Interest Amount will not be paid on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, and (b) an amount equal to the sum of all Interest Amounts (the Single Interest Amount) 
will be paid on the Single Interest Payment Date. For the avoidance of doubt, the investor will not be 
entitled to any interest on any Interest Amount determined on an Interest Determination Date for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period provided that the Single Interest Amount is paid in full on the Single 
Interest Payment Date. 
8.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Single Interest Payment Date Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms 
shall have the following meanings: 
Single Interest Payment Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
Early Redemption Trigger Conditions are applicable, the Early Redemption Date on which the relevant 
Issuer redeems all of the Securities then outstanding, and each such date shall be deemed to be an 
"Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions.

--- Page 777 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
777 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A Chapter 9: Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature 
Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
a Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions) 
will apply to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that a Knock-out Performance Interest Switch 
Payoff Feature (a Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature) is applicable. These Knock-out 
Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms not defined in these Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
9 
KNOCK-OUT PERFORMANCE INTEREST SWITCH PAYOFF FEATURE 
The basis on which interest is calculated will automatically switch from (a) calculation of the Linked 
Interest Rate using Linked Interest1 to (b) calculation of the Linked Interest Rate using Linked Interest2 
if, either on the Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Observation Date(s) or during the Knock-out 
Performance Interest Switch Observation Period, the Performance_KOI reaches the relevant Knock-out 
Barrier or is within the relevant Range. For the avoidance of doubt, a Knock-out Performance Interest 
Switch can occur only once during the life of the Securities. You should also refer to the relevant Standard 
Payoff Conditions or Combination Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Linked 
Interest Rate calculated using the relevant Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff 
referred to for this Payoff Feature Condition. 
9.1 
Methodology 
If Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the basis on which interest is calculated will automatically switch from Linked Interest1 to 
Linked Interest2 (the Knock-out Performance Interest Switch) if, during the life of the Securities, a 
Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Event occurs. The Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practical 
following the occurrence of a Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Event, issue a Knock-out 
Performance Interest Switch Notice. For the avoidance of doubt, a Knock-out Performance Interest 
Switch Event can occur only once during the life of the Securities. 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities will be determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
if a Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Event has not occurred in accordance with these 
Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions, in accordance with Linked 
Interest1; and 
(b) 
if a Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Event has occurred in accordance with these Knock-
out Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions; and 
(i) 
on each Interest Determination Date up to (but excluding) the Knock-out Performance 
Interest Switch Date, in respect of each corresponding Interest Accrual Period in 
accordance with Linked Interest1; and 
(ii) 
on each Interest Determination Date from (and including) the Knock-out Performance 
Interest Switch Date, in respect of each corresponding Interest Accrual Period, in 
accordance with Linked Interest2.

--- Page 778 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
778 
9.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions, the 
following terms will have the following meanings: 
Knock-out Barrier means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Date means (a) the Interest Determination Date immediately 
following the occurrence of a Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Event or (b) the date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Event means that the Performance_KOI is [higher than the 
Knock-out Barrier] [higher than or equal to the Knock-out Barrier] [lower than the Knock-out Barrier] 
[lower than or equal to the Knock-out Barrier] [within Range] [outside Range] either (A) on [the] [the 
current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Knock-out Performance Interest Switch 
Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the 
Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Observation Period. 
Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Notice means a written notice given by the Issuer to the 
Securityholders (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices) informing the Securityholders of the occurrence of a Knock-out Performance Interest Switch 
Event. 
Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Observation Period means the period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Observation Date means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, and each such date is deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the 
relevant Asset Conditions. 
Linked Interest1 means the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Interest2 means the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 779 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
779 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A Chapter 10: Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff 
Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature Conditions) 
shall apply to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that the Shout Option Performance Lock-in 
Interest Payoff Feature (the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature) is applicable. These 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature 
Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) 
will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
10 
SHOUT OPTION PERFORMANCE LOCK-IN INTEREST PAYOFF FEATURE 
All Securityholders acting together may request to fix the Underlying Value of each relevant Underlying 
for the purposes of the determination of the Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities for the 
current Interest Accrual Period at the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level by delivering a notice on 
or before a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Expiry Date. The relevant Issuer has discretion to decline 
such request or provide the relevant Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level.  Each relevant Underlying 
Value reflects the price, level or rate of the relevant Underlying at the relevant time. Securityholders are 
entitled to make a request to fix the Underlying Value of the Underlying used to calculate the Linked 
Interest Rate applicable to the Securities on the date of their choice for the current Interest Accrual 
Period, regardless of whether the Issuer is able to decline this request or provide the Shout Option 
Performance Lock-in Level. The Qualifying Securityholders may exercise the Performance Lock-in Shout 
Option once only in respect of each Interest Accrual Period. 
10.1 
Methodology 
(a) 
If Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be applicable, the Qualifying Securityholders may, at their option, request to fix the 
Underlying Value of each relevant Underlying for the purposes of the determination by the 
Calculation Agent of the Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities in accordance with 
these Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature Conditions (the Performance 
Lock-in Shout Option). 
The Qualifying Securityholders may, at their option, deliver a Potential Shout Option 
Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice on or after a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Notice 
Time on a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Notice Date and before a Shout Option 
Performance Lock-in Expiry Time on a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Expiry Date. 
A Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice must include (i) evidence 
reasonably satisfactory to the relevant Issuer of the relevant Securityholder's holding of the 
Securities to which the Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice relates and 
(ii) confirmation from the relevant clearing system that such Securities are blocked in the 
relevant Securityholder's account together with the Securityholder's undertaking that such 
Securities shall remain so blocked until five Business Days after the delivery of the Potential 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice. 
(b) 
The relevant Issuer has discretion with respect to any Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-
in Exercise Notice to either: (i) decline the request to provide a Shout Option Performance Lock-
in Level for the relevant Shout Option Performance Date if, in its reasonable opinion, the relevant 
Issuer or its hedging affiliate will not be able to execute the request because of market conditions, 
the time of the request or other reasons (in which case the delivery of the Potential Shout Option 
Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice will not constitute an exercise of the Performance Lock-

--- Page 780 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
780 
in Shout Option), or (ii) provide a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level for the relevant 
Shout Option Performance Date (in which case the receipt of a corresponding Shout Option 
Exercise Notice (as defined below) will constitute exercise of the Performance Lock-in Shout 
Option). In the case of Inflation Linked Securities, the relevant Issuer will deliver an Underlying 
Value Notification to the Qualifying Securityholders no later than two Business Days after 
receipt by such Issuer of the Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice, and 
in the case of all Asset Linked Securities other than Inflation Linked Securities, the relevant 
Issuer will deliver the Underlying Value Notification to the Qualifying Securityholders no later 
than one (1) hour prior to the final time by which the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level 
for the relevant Shout Option Performance Lock-in Date is able to be determined in accordance 
with the relevant Asset Conditions. 
The delivery by the relevant Issuer of an Underlying Value Notification does not, under any 
circumstances, constitute an undertaking or firm offer by the Issuer to provide the Shout Option 
Performance Lock-in Level for the relevant Shout Option Performance Lock-in Date specified 
in the Underlying Value Notification. Following delivery of an Underlying Value Notification 
and in the absence of a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Acceptance in accordance 
with the provisions below, the relevant Issuer will have no obligation to provide the Shout Option 
Performance Lock-in Level on the relevant Shout Option Performance Lock-in Date specified 
in the Underlying Value Notification, including where Qualifying Securityholders send a Shout 
Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice. 
(c) 
If, in the Underlying Value Notification, the relevant Issuer notifies the Qualifying 
Securityholders of the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level for the Shout Option 
Performance Lock-in Date, the Qualifying Securityholders, at their option, no later than thirty 
(30) minutes (or such other time specified in the Final Terms) after receipt of such Underlying 
Value Notification, may deliver to the relevant Issuer (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) 
a notice (a Shout Option Exercise Notice) requiring the exercise of the Performance Lock-in 
Shout Option.  A Shout Option Exercise Notice must include (i) evidence reasonably satisfactory 
to the Issuer of the relevant Securityholder's holding of the Securities to which the Shout Option 
Exercise Notice relates and (ii) confirmation from the relevant clearing system that such 
Securities are blocked in the relevant Securityholder's account together with the Securityholder's 
undertaking that such Securities shall remain so blocked until five Business Days (inclusive) 
after the date on which the Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice was 
delivered by the Securityholder to which the Shout Option Performation Lock-in Exercise Notice 
relates. 
If the relevant Issuer notifies the Qualifying Securityholders of its acceptance of the Shout 
Option Performation Lock-in Exercise Notice (a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise 
Acceptance), on or before the Business Day following its receipt of the Shout Option 
Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice, the Underlying Value of each Underlying, utilised by the 
Calculation Agent for the determination of the Linked Interest Payoff applicable to the Securities 
will be equal to the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level for the relevant Shout Option 
Performance Lock-in Date.  
The Qualifying Securityholders may exercise the Performance Lock-in Shout Option on multiple 
occasions throughout the life of the Securities, subject to their limit, which is equal to the Shout 
Option Number. For the avoidance of doubt, following the exercise by the Qualifying 
Securityholders of the Performance Lock-in Shout Option on such number of occasions equal to 
the Shout Option Number, the Securityholders may no longer exercise the Performance Lock-in 
Shout Option. 
The Qualifying Securityholders may exercise the Performance Lock-in Shout Option once only 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period.

--- Page 781 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
781 
10.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature Conditions, the 
following terms shall have the following meanings: 
Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice means, with respect to the current 
Interest Accrual Period, a written notice given by the Qualifying Securityholders to the relevant Issuer 
(with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) 
designating a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Date and requesting a Shout Option Performance Lock-
in Level. 
Qualifying Securityholders means the Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Securities outstanding. 
Shout Option Number means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Date means, in respect of a Potential Shout Option Performance 
Lock-in Exercise Notice, the Interest Determination Date for the Interest Accrual Period during which 
the Qualified Securityholders delivered the Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Notice Date means, in respect of a Shout Option Performance 
Lock-in Expiry Date, the date that is at least such number of Business Days as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, prior to the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Expiry Date. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Acceptance has the meaning given to it in paragraph 10.1 
above of these Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature Conditions. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice has the meaning given to it in paragraph 10.1 
above of these Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature Conditions. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Notice Time means the time specified for this purpose in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Expiry Date means, for any Interest Accrual Period, any date that 
falls no later than the date that is ten (10) Business Days, or such other number of Business Days specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, prior to (i) each Interest Determination Date or the Interest Determination 
Dates specified for this purpose in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) each Interest Period Date or the 
Interest Period Dates specified for this purpose in the applicable Final Terms. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Expiry Time means the time specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level means, with respect to the current Interest Accrual Period, 
the Underlying Value of each relevant Underlying calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
relevant Shout Option Performance Date. 
Underlying has the meaning set out in the relevant Standard Payoff Conditions or Combination Payoff 
Conditions (as the case may be) applicable to the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff 
specified to be applicable in relation to the then current Interest Accrual Period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Underlying Value has the meaning set out in the relevant Standard Payoff Conditions or Combination 
Payoff Conditions (as the case may be) applicable to the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest 
Payoff specified to be applicable in relation to the then current Interest Accrual Period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Underlying Value Notification means, with respect to a Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in 
Exercise Notice, a written notice given by the relevant Issuer to the Qualifying Securityholders (with a 
copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) notifying the

--- Page 782 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
782 
Qualifying Securityholders (a) that it declines the request to provide a Shout Option Performance Lock-
in Level for the relevant Shout Option Performance Date or (b) that it has not declined the request for the 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level on the relevant Shout Option Performance Date.

--- Page 783 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
783 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A Chapter 11: Global Cap Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
a Global Cap Interest Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Global Cap Interest Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Global Cap Interest Payoff Feature (the Global Cap Interest 
Payoff Feature) is applicable. These Global Cap Interest Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Global Cap Interest Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere in 
the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
11 
GLOBAL CAP INTEREST PAYOFF FEATURE 
For each Interest Payment Date, if the sum of the Interest Amounts paid, or in the case of the Interest 
Accrual Period which ends on but excludes such Interest Payment Date, accrued, up to and including 
such Interest Payment Date is equal to or greater than the Global Cap Amount, no Interest Amount will 
be payable. 
11.1 
Methodology 
If the Global Cap Interest Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Interest Amount 
will be equal to zero for each Interest Payment Date for which the Global Cap Balance is equal to zero. 
11.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Global Cap Interest Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings: 
Σ Previous Coupons means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the sum of all Interest Amounts 
paid, or in the case of an Interest Accrual Period which ends on but excludes such Interest Payment Date, 
accrued, up to and including such Interest Payment Date in respect of the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of the Securities. 
Calculation Amount Factor means a number equal to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the 
Securities divided by the Calculation Amount. 
Global Cap Amount means an amount in the Specified Currency per Calculation Amount or Specified 
Denomination, as relevant, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which shall be multiplied by: 
(a) 
in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, the Global Security Calculation 
Amount Factor; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Security in definitive form, the Calculation Amount Factor. 
Global Cap Balance means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Max(0, 
( 𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡  − ∑𝑃𝑟𝑒𝑣𝑖𝑜𝑢𝑠 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛𝑠)
𝐴𝑔𝑔𝑟𝑒𝑔𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝑜𝑢𝑡𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑎𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡
x 
1
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛) 
Global Security Calculation Amount Factor means a number equal to the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Securities divided by the Calculation Amount or Specified Denomination, as 
relevant.

--- Page 784 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
784 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A Chapter 12: Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
a Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature (the Global Floor 
Interest Payoff Feature) is applicable. These Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
12 
GLOBAL FLOOR INTEREST PAYOFF FEATURE 
For a specified Interest Payment Date, if the sum of the Interest Amounts paid, or in the case of an Interest 
Accrual Period which ends on but excludes such Interest Payment Date, accrued, up to and including 
such Interest Payment Date, are less than the Global Floor Amount, the Interest Amount payable on such 
Interest Payment Date will be adjusted so that the sum of such Interest Amounts will equal the Global 
Floor Amount. 
12.1 
Methodology 
If Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable if the 
amount equal to Σ Previous Coupons is less than the Global Floor Amount, the Interest Amount payable 
on the Specified IPD (as defined below) will be equal to the Global Floor Balance. 
12.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings: 
Σ Previous Coupons means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the sum of all Interest Amounts 
paid, or in the case of an Interest Accrual Period which ends on but excludes such Interest Payment Date, 
accrued, up to and including the such Interest Payment Date in respect of the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Securities. 
Calculation Amount Factor means a number equal to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the 
Securities divided by the Calculation Amount. 
Global Floor Amount means an amount in the Specified Currency per Calculation Amount, or Specified 
Denomination, as relevant, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which shall be multiplied by: 
(a) 
in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, the Global Security Calculation 
Amount Factor; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Security in definitive form, the Calculation Amount Factor. 
Global Floor Balance means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Max (0, 𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 − ∑𝑃𝑟𝑒𝑣𝑖𝑜𝑢𝑠 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛𝑠
𝐴𝑔𝑔𝑟𝑒𝑔𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝑜𝑢𝑡𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑎𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡
 𝑥 
1
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝑐𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑓𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛) 
Global Security Calculation Amount Factor means a number equal to the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Securities divided by the Calculation Amount or Specified Denomination, as 
relevant.

--- Page 785 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
785 
Specified IPD means the Interest Payment Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if not 
such date is specified, the final Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 786 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
786 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A Chapter 13: Reserve Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
a Reserve Interest Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Reserve Interest Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that the Reserve Interest Payoff Feature (the Reserve Interest Payoff 
Feature) is applicable. These Reserve Interest Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Reserve Interest Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given 
to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
13 
RESERVE INTEREST PAYOFF FEATURE 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated for each Interest Accrual Periodn from (and including) the Initial 
Reserve Accrual Period to (and excluding) the Final Reserve Accrual Period as the lesser of (a) the Cap 
and (b) the sum of the Linked Interestn and Reserven-1 for the relevant Interest Accrual Period. You should 
also refer to the relevant Standard Payoff Conditions or Combination Payoff Conditions for an 
explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate calculated using the relevant Standard Interest 
Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff referred to for this Payoff Feature Condition. 
13.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
If Reserve Interest Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable in respect of 
an Interest Accrual Periodn (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be a specific Interest Accrual Period 
or a number of Interest Accrual Periods), the Linked Interest Raten applicable for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be calculated as follows: 
(a) 
for each Interest Accrual Periodn from (and including) the Initial Reserve Accrual Period to (and 
excluding) the Final Reserve Accrual Period: 
Min(Cap, (Linked Interestn + Reserven-1)) 
and expressed as a percentage; 
(b) 
for each Interest Accrual Periodn from (and including) the Final Reserve Accrual Period: 
Linked Interestn+Reserven-1  
and expressed as a percentage. 
13.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Reserve Interest Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Cap means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, this rate 
may have a positive or a negative value. 
Final Reserve Accrual Period means the Interest Accrual Period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Floor means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, this rate 
may have a positive or a negative value. 
Initial Reserve Accrual Period means the Interest Accrual Period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 787 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A 
 
 
787 
Interest Accrual Periodn means each of the numerical sequence of Interest Accrual Periods, starting 
with the Initial Reserve Accrual Period, as Interest Accrual Period1, and proceeding in chronological order 
thereafter. 
Linked Interestn means, for each Interest Accrual Periodn, the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination 
Interest Payoff specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reserve0 means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reserven means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Periodn, the result of the following formula, expressed 
as a percentage: 
Min (Cap, Max(Floor, (Reserven-1+Linked Interestn-Linked Interest Raten)))

--- Page 788 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B 
 
 
788 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B: Chapter 1: Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specify Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature (the Global Cap 
Redemption Payoff Feature) is applicable. These Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions are subject 
to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
1 
GLOBAL CAP REDEMPTION PAYOFF FEATURE 
The amount payable on the Redemption Date or an Instalment Date may be reduced by (in the case of the 
Final Redemption Amount) an amount equal to the Global Cap Amount or (in the case of each Instalment 
Redemption Amount) the Instalment Cap. The value of an underlying may therefore affect the amount 
payable on the Redemption Date or an Instalment Date, as the case may be, if the interest amounts are 
calculated by reference to the value of an underlying. 
1.1 
Methodology 
If Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable 
(a) 
the Final Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated following the subtraction of an 
amount equal to the Global Cap Amount, subject to a minimum of zero; or 
(b) 
each Instalment Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated following the subtraction of 
an amount equal to the Instalment Cap, subject to a minimum of zero. 
1.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
Σ Previous Coupons means the sum of all Interest Amounts (paid in respect of (a) in the case of Securities 
represented by a Global Security, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities and (b) in 
the case of each Security in definitive form, the product of the Calculation Amount and the Calculation 
Amount Factor) calculated up to and including the Redemption Date or the relevant Instalment Date, as 
the case may be. 
Global Cap Amount means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Max(0, ∑Previous Coupons - Strike Price) 
Global Security Calculation Amount Factor means a number equal to the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Securities divided by the Calculation Amount. 
Instalment Cap means, (a) in respect of the first Instalment Redemption Amount, the Global Cap 
Amount and (b) in respect of each subsequent Instalment Redemption Amount, an amount equal to the 
Global Cap Amount minus the aggregate of all amounts that have been deducted from all previous 
Instalment Redemption Amounts pursuant to Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature Condition 1.1(b), 
subject to a minimum of zero (0). 
Strike Price means an amount in the Specified Currency per Calculation Amount specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, which shall be multiplied by:

--- Page 789 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B 
 
 
789 
(a) 
in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, the Global Security Calculation 
Amount Factor; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Security in definitive form, the Calculation Amount Factor.

--- Page 790 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B 
 
 
790 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B: Chapter 2: Global Floor Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specify Global Floor Redemption Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Global Floor Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Global Floor Redemption Payoff Feature (the Global Floor 
Redemption Payoff Feature) is applicable. These Global Floor Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions are subject 
to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Global Floor Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
2 
GLOBAL FLOOR REDEMPTION PAYOFF FEATURE 
The amount payable on the Redemption Date or the final Instalment Date, as the case may be, may be 
increased by an amount equal to the Global Floor Amount. The value of an underlying may therefore 
affect the amount payable on the Redemption Date or the final Instalment Date, as the case may be, if the 
interest amounts are calculated by reference to the value of an underlying. 
2.1 
Methodology 
If Global Floor Redemption Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable the 
Final Redemption Amount or final Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, shall be an 
amount calculated following the addition of an amount equal to the Global Floor Amount. 
2.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Global Floor Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
Σ Previous Coupons means the sum of all Interest Amounts (paid in respect of (a) in the case of Securities 
represented by a Global Security, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities and (b) in 
the case of each Security in definitive form, the product of the Calculation Amount and the Calculation 
Amount Factor) calculated up to and including the Redemption Date or the final Instalment Date, as the 
case may be. 
Global Floor Amount means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Max(0, Strike Price - ∑Previous Coupons) 
Global Security Calculation Amount Factor means a number equal to the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Securities divided by the Calculation Amount. 
Strike Price means an amount in the Specified Currency per Calculation Amount specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, which shall be multiplied by: 
(a) 
in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, the Global Security Calculation 
Amount Factor; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Security in definitive form, the Calculation Amount Factor.

--- Page 791 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B 
 
 
791 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B: Chapter 3: Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specify Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to 
the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature (the Dual 
Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature is applicable. These Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature 
Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
3 
DUAL CURRENCY (REDEMPTION) PAYOFF FEATURE 
If Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature is applicable the amount payable on redemption will be 
payable in any one of the applicable Redemption Currencies. 
3.1 
Methodology 
If Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable: 
(a) 
the redemption amount payable on the Redemption Date, Early Redemption Date or Instalment 
Date, as the case may be (or, as applicable, on any other relevant payment date), will be payable 
in any one of the applicable Redemption Currencies; 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the redemption amount to be paid in accordance with the 
Dual Currency Method on the relevant date on which the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or each Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be (or, as 
applicable, on any other relevant redemption amount), is to be determined; and 
(c) 
any reference to the Specified Currency for the purpose of payment of redemption amount in 
respect of the Securities will be deemed to be a reference to any of the Redemption Currencies. 
3.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms 
shall have the following meanings: 
Dual Currency Method means (a) if "multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
multiplying the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, by the relevant Dual Currency (Redemption) Exchange Rate or (b) if 
"division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, dividing the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, by the relevant Dual 
Currency (Redemption) Exchange Rate. 
Dual Currency (Redemption) Exchange Rate means, with respect to a Redemption Currency, the rate 
determined in accordance with the definition of "FX Rate" provided for in the FX Linked Asset 
Conditions unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. For this purpose, the FX Linked 
Asset Conditions are incorporated in, and apply mutatis mutandis (as though such provisions were set out 
in full herein) to, these Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature Conditions subject to the following: 
(a) 
references to the FX Rate shall be deemed to be references to the Dual Currency (Redemption) 
Exchange Rate; 
(b) 
references to the Base Currency shall be deemed to be references to the Specified Currency; 
(c) 
references to the Reference Currency shall be deemed to be references to the relevant 
Redemption Currency; and

--- Page 792 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B 
 
 
792 
(d) 
references to a relevant Observation Date shall be deemed to be references to the Redemption 
Determination Date. 
Redemption Currency means, with respect to a Redemption Determination Date each currency specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 793 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B 
 
 
793 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B: Chapter 4: Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specify Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to 
the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature (Investor 
Redemption Switch Payoff Feature) is applicable. These Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
4 
INVESTOR REDEMPTION SWITCH PAYOFF FEATURE 
All Securityholders acting together may at their option (once during the life of the Securities) request or, 
as applicable, elect to switch the basis on which the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is calculated from (i) calculation of the Redemption Payoff using 
Linked Redemption1 to (ii) calculation of the Redemption Payoff using Linked Redemption2, by sending a 
notice on or prior to an Investor Redemption Switch Expiry Date. You should also refer to the relevant 
Standard Payoff Conditions or Combination Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the 
Redemption Payoff calculated using the relevant Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination 
Redemption Payoff referred to for this Payoff Feature Condition. 
4.1 
Methodology 
(a) 
If Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
applicable, the Qualifying Securityholders may, at their option, request to switch the basis on 
which the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, 
is calculated from Linked Redemption1 to Linked Redemption2 (the Investor Redemption 
Switch Option)  
The Qualifying Securityholders may, at their option, deliver an Investor Redemption Potential 
Switch Notice on or prior to an Investor Redemption Switch Expiry Date designating an Investor 
Redemption Switch Date and, if applicable, Linked Redemption2. The Qualifying 
Securityholders may exercise the Investor Redemption Switch Option in accordance with the 
frequency provided for in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Qualifying Securityholders, at their option, may deliver an Investor Redemption Potential 
Switch Notice (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent), specifying Linked Redemption2, on 
any Business Day, on or after the Investor Redemption Switch Notice Time on the Investor 
Redemption Switch Notice Date and on or before the Redemption Switch Expiry Time on the 
Investor Interest Switch Expiry Date.  An Investor Redemption Potential Switch Notice must 
include (i) evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer of the relevant Securityholder's holding 
of the Securities to which the Investor Redemption Potential Switch Notice relates and (ii) 
confirmation from the relevant clearing system that such Securities are blocked in the relevant 
Securityholder's account together with the Securityholder's undertaking that such Securities shall 
remain so blocked until five Business Days (inclusive) after the date on which such Investor 
Interest Potential Switch Notice is delivered by the Securityholder. 
On or before the second Business Day following receipt of an Investor Redemption Potential 
Switch Notice, the relevant Issuer will deliver an Investor Redemption Switch Notification. The 
delivery of an Investor Redemption Switch Notification does not, under any circumstances, 
constitute an undertaking or firm offer by the Issuer to effect a switch of the basis on which 
interest is calculated as set out in the Investor Redemption Switch Notification. Following 
delivery of an Investor Redemption Switch Notification and in the absence of an Investor 
Redemption Switch Acceptance in accordance with paragraph (b) below, the relevant Issuer will

--- Page 794 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B 
 
 
794 
have no obligation to effect the switch of the basis on which redemption is calculated as set out 
in the Investor Interest Switch Notification, including where the Qualifying Securityholders 
deliver an Investor Interest Switch Notice in accordance with paragraph 4.1(b) below. 
(b) 
Qualifying Securityholders, at their option, may send a notice to the relevant Issuer (with a copy 
to the Principal Paying Agent) (an Investor Redemption Switch Notice), on or before the 
second Business Day following receipt of an Investor Redemption Switch Notification, requiring 
the exercise of the Investor Redemption Switch Option, in accordance with the Investor 
Redemption Switch Notification. An Investor Redemption Switch Notice must include (i) 
evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer of the relevant Securityholder's holding of the 
Securities to which the Investor Redemption Potential Switch Notice relates and (ii) confirmation 
from the relevant clearing system that such Securities are blocked in the relevant Securityholder's 
account together with the Securityholder's undertaking that such Securities shall remain so 
blocked until five Business Days (inclusive) after the date on which the Investor Redemption 
Potential Switch Notice was delivered by the relevant Securityholder to which the Investor 
Potential Switch Notification relates. 
If the relevant Issuer notifies the Qualifying Securityholders of its acceptance of the Investor 
Redemption Switch Notification on or before the Business Day following receipt of the Investor 
Redemption Switch Notification (an Investor Redemption Switch Acceptance), until the 
Qualifying Securityholders deliver a new Investor Redemption Potential Switch Notice (as the 
case may be), the Linked Redemption applicable to the Securities in respect of the Final 
Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities other than Instalment Securities, in accordance with Linked 
Redemption2; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Instalment Securities: 
(A) 
on each Instalment Date up to (but excluding) the Investor Redemption Switch 
Date, in accordance with Linked Redemption1; and  
(B) 
on each Instalment Date from (and including) the Investor Redemption Switch 
Date, in accordance with Linked Redemption2 
(c) 
If the relevant Issuer does not send an Investor Redemption Switch Acceptance to the Qualifying 
Securityholders in accordance with paragraph (b) above, the Linked Redemption applicable to 
the Securities in respect of the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, 
as the case may be, until the Qualifying Securityholders deliver a new Investor Interest Potential 
Switch Notice (as the case may be), will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following 
basis: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities other than Instalment Securities, in accordance with Linked 
Redemption1; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Instalment Securities, on each Instalment Date in respect of each 
Redemption Determination Date, in accordance with Linked Redemption1;and  
(iii) 
on each Instalment Date from (and including) the Investor Redemption Switch Date, in 
accordance with Linked Redemption2 
(d) 
Qualifying Securityholders may exercise the Investor Redemption Switch Option as many times 
as the Investor Redemption Switch Number during the life of the Securities, subject to the 
Investor Redemption Switch Frequency.  For the avoidance of doubt, where Qualifying 
Securityholders have exercised the Investor Redemption Switch Option a number of times equal 
to the Investor Redemption Switch Number, the Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount on 
the Securities, as the case may be, will be calculated in accordance with the last Investor 
Redemption Switch Option validly exercised.

--- Page 795 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B 
 
 
795 
4.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms 
shall have the following meanings: 
Investor Redemption Potential Switch Notice means written notice given by the Qualifying 
Securityholders to the relevant Issuer (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with 
General Condition 14 (Notices), requesting the exercise of an Investor Redemption Switch Option and 
specifying Linked Redemption2, until the Qualifying Securityholders deliver a new Investor Interest 
Potential Switch Notice (as the case may be). 
Investor Redemption Switch Acceptance has the meaning given to it in paragraph 4.1(b) above of these 
Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions. 
Investor Redemption Switch Date means the Redemption Determination Date on which the Investor 
Redemption Switch Option will take effect, which shall be the Redemption Determination Date 
immediately following receipt by the Issuer of an Investor Redemption Switch Notice given in accordance 
with these Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions. 
Investor Redemption Switch Expiry Date means the date that is ten (10) Business Days, or such other 
number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, prior to the relevant Redemption 
Determination Date. 
Investor Redemption Switch Expiry Time means the time designated as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Investor Redemption Switch Frequency means the frequency specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Investor Redemption Switch Notice means a written notice given by the Qualifying Securityholders to 
the relevant Issuer (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices) designating the exercise of the Investor Redemption Switch Option and, as the case may be, 
Linked Redemption2. 
Investor Redemption Switch Notice has the meaning given to it in paragraph 4.1(b) above of these 
Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions. 
Investor Redemption Switch Notice Date means, in respect of an Investor Redemption Switch Expiry 
Date, the date falling the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to such 
Investor Redemption Switch Expiry Date. 
Investor Redemption Switch Notice Time the time designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Investor Redemption Switch Notification means, in respect of an Investor Redemption Potential Switch 
Notice, written notice given by the relevant Issuer to the Qualifying Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 14 (Notices), notifying them of the conditions on which it would effect the switch to 
the basis on which redemption is calculated. 
Investor Redemption Switch Number means the number designated as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Linked Redemption1 means the Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination Redemption Payoff 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Redemption2 means the Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination Redemption Payoff: 
(a) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
to be specified as such in the Investor Redemption Potential Switch Notice,

--- Page 796 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B 
 
 
796 
as indicated in the Final Terms, and, in each case, specified in the Investor Redemption Switch 
Notification and confirmed by an Investor Redemption Potential Switch Notice and an Investor Interest 
Switch Acceptance. 
Qualifying Securityholders means the Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Securities outstanding.

--- Page 797 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B 
 
 
797 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B: Chapter 5: Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specify Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature (the Issuer 
Redemption Switch Payoff Feature) is applicable. These Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
5 
ISSUER REDEMPTION SWITCH PAYOFF FEATURE 
The relevant Issuer may at its option (once during the life of the Securities) elect to switch the basis on 
which the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is 
calculated from (i) calculation of the Redemption Payoff using Linked Redemption1 to (ii) calculation of 
the Redemption Payoff using Linked Redemption2, by sending a notice on or prior to an Issuer Redemption 
Switch Expiry Date. You should also refer to the relevant Standard Payoff Conditions or Combination 
Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Redemption Payoff calculated using the 
relevant Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination Payoff Conditions referred to for this Payoff 
Feature Condition. 
5.1 
Methodology 
If Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, 
the relevant Issuer may, at its option, elect to switch the basis on which the Final Redemption Amount or 
the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is calculated from Linked Redemption1 to Linked 
Redemption2 (the Issuer Redemption Switch Option).  
(a) 
The relevant Issuer may, at its option, deliver an Issuer Redemption Switch Notice to 
Securityholders (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent), specifying (as relevant) Linked 
Interest2, on any Business Day, on or after the Issuer Redemption Switch Notice Time on the 
Issuer Redemption Switch Notice Date and on or before the Issuer Redemption Switch Expiry 
Time on the Issuer Redemption Switch Expiry Date, provided that no Issuer Redemption Switch 
Notice may be given on or after the occurrence of an Early Redemption Date. The relevant Issuer 
may exercise the Issuer Redemption Switch Option once only during the life of the Securities. 
(b) 
If the relevant Issuer sends the Qualifying Securityholders an Issuer Redemption Switch Notice 
in accordance with paragraph (a) above, the Linked Redemption Rate applicable to the Securities 
in respect of the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities other than Instalment Securities, in accordance with Linked 
Redemption2; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Instalment Securities: 
(A) 
on each Instalment Date up to (but excluding) the Investor Redemption Switch 
Date, in accordance with Linked Redemption1; and  
(B) 
on each Instalment Date from (and including) the Investor Redemption Switch 
Date, in accordance with Linked Redemption2 
(c) 
If the relevant Issuer does not send an Investor Redemption Switch Acceptance to the Qualifying 
Securityholders in accordance with paragraph (b) above, the Linked Redemption applicable to 
the Securities in respect of the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount,

--- Page 798 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B 
 
 
798 
as the case may be, until the Qualifying Securityholders deliver a new Investor Interest Potential 
Switch Notice (as the case may be), will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following 
basis: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities other than Instalment Securities, in accordance with Linked 
Redemption1; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Instalment Securities, on each Instalment Date in respect of each 
Redemption Determination Date, in accordance with Linked Redemption1. 
5.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
Issuer Redemption Switch Date means the Redemption Determination Date on which the Issuer 
Redemption Switch Option will take effect, which shall be the first Redemption Determination Date 
immediately following the date of an Issuer Redemption Switch Notice given in accordance with these 
Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions. 
Issuer Redemption Switch Expiry Date means the date that is ten (10) Business Days, or such other 
number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, prior to the relevant Redemption 
Determination Date. 
Issuer Redemption Switch Expiry Time means the time designated as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Issuer Redemption Switch Notice Date means, in respect of an Issuer Redemption Switch Expiry Date, 
the date falling the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to such Issuer 
Redemption Switch Expiry Date.   
Issuer Redemption Switch Notice Time the time designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Issuer Redemption Switch Notice means a written notice given by the relevant Issuer to the 
Securityholders (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices) designating the exercise of the Issuer Redemption Switch Option on the Issuer Redemption 
Switch Date. 
Linked Redemption1 means the Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination Redemption Payoff 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Redemption2 means the Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination Redemption Payoff 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 799 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B 
 
 
799 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B: Chapter 6: Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specify Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply 
to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff Feature (the 
Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff Feature) is applicable. These Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff 
Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
6 
KNOCK-OUT REDEMPTION SWITCH PAYOFF FEATURE 
The basis on which the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be, is calculated will automatically switch from (i) calculation of the Redemption Payoff using Linked 
Redemption1 to (ii) calculation of the Redemption Payoff using Linked Redemption2 if either on the Knock-
out Redemption Switch Observation Date(s) or during the Knock-out Redemption Switch Observation 
Period the Underlying Value reaches the relevant Knock-out Barrier or is within the relevant Range. For 
the avoidance of doubt, a Knock-out Redemption Switch can occur once only during the life of the 
Securities. You should also refer to the relevant Standard Payoff Conditions or Combination Payoff 
Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Redemption Payoff calculated using the relevant 
Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination Redemption Payoff referred to for this Payoff Feature 
Condition. 
6.1 
Methodology 
If Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff Feature is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the basis on which the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, is calculated will automatically switch from Linked Redemption1 to Linked Redemption2 (a 
Knock-out Redemption Switch) if during the life of the Securities a Knock-out Redemption Switch 
Event occurs. The relevant Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practical following the occurrence of a 
Knock-out Redemption Switch Event, deliver a Knock-out Redemption Switch Notice. For the avoidance 
of doubt, a Knock-out Redemption Switch can occur once only during the life of the Securities. 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities in respect of the Final Redemption Amount or the 
Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
in the case of Securities (other than Instalment Securities), in accordance with Linked 
Redemption1; or 
(b) 
in the case of Instalment Securities 
(i) 
on each Instalment Date up to (but excluding) the Investor Redemption Switch Date, in 
accordance with Linked Redemption1; and 
(ii) 
on each Instalment Date from (and including) the Investor Redemption Switch Date, in 
accordance with Linked Redemption2; 
(c) 
in the absence of a Knock-out Redemption Switch in accordance with these Knock-out 
Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions, the Linked Redemption applicable to the 
Securities in respect of the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be, will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities other than Instalment Securities, in accordance with Linked 
Redemption1; or

--- Page 800 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B 
 
 
800 
(ii) 
in the case of Instalment Securities on each Instalment Date in respect of each 
Redemption Determination Date, in accordance with Linked Redemption1. 
6.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms 
shall have the following meanings: 
Knock-out Barrier means a percentage of the Initial Underlying Value(i), as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Knock-out Redemption Switch Date means (a) the Redemption Determination Date immediately 
following the occurrence of a Knock-out Redemption Switch Event or (b) the date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-out Redemption Switch Event means Underlying Value is [higher than the Knock-out Barrier] 
[higher than or equal to the Knock-out Barrier] [lower than the Knock-out Barrier] [lower than or equal 
to the Knock-out Barrier] [within Range] [outside Range] either (A) on [the] [the last] [each] [at least one 
previous] [each previous] Knock-out Redemption Switch Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on 
at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled 
Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Knock-out Redemption Switch Observation 
Period. 
Knock-out Redemption Switch Notice means a written notice given by the relevant Issuer to the 
Securityholders (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices) informing the Securityholders of the occurrence of a Knock-out Redemption Switch Event. 
Knock-out Redemption Switch Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms and each such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the 
relevant Asset Conditions. 
Knock-out Redemption Switch Observation Period means the period specified as a Knock-out 
Redemption Switch Observation Period in the applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Redemption1 means the Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination Redemption Payoff 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Redemption2 means the Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination Redemption Payoff 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 801 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B 
 
 
801 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B: Chapter 7: Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff 
Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specify Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature 
Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Shout Option Performance 
Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature (the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature) is 
applicable. These Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature 
Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) 
will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
7 
SHOUT OPTION PERFORMANCE LOCK-IN REDEMPTION PAYOFF FEATURE 
All Securityholders acting together may request to fix the Underlying Value of each relevant Underlying 
for the purposes of the determination of the Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities in respect of 
the Final Redemption Amount or the relevant Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, for the 
immediately following Redemption Determination Date at the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level 
by delivering a notice on or before a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Expiry Date. The Issuer has 
discretion to decline such request or provide the relevant Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level. Each 
relevant Underlying Value reflects the price, level or rate of the relevant Underlying at the relevant time. 
The Qualifying Securityholders may exercise the Performance Lock-in Shout Option once only in respect 
of each Redemption Determination Date in respect of the Final Redemption Amount or the relevant 
Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be. 
7.1 
Methodology 
(a) 
If Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be applicable, the Qualifying Securityholders may, at their option, request to fix 
the Underlying Value of each relevant Underlying for the purposes of the determination by the 
Calculation Agent of the Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities in respect of the Final 
Redemption Amount or the relevant Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, in 
accordance with these Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature 
Conditions (Performance Lock-in Shout Option). 
(b) 
The Qualifying Securityholders may at their option, deliver a Potential Shout Option 
Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice on or after a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Notice 
Time on a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Notice Date and before a Shout Option 
Performance Lock-in Expiry Time on a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Expiry Date 
provided that no Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice may be given on 
or after the occurrence of an Early Redemption Date. 
(c) 
A Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice must include (i) evidence 
reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer of the relevant Securityholder's holding of the Securities to 
which the Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice relates and 
(ii) confirmation from the relevant clearing system that such Securities are blocked in the 
relevant Securityholder's account together with the Securityholder's undertaking that such 
Securities shall remain so blocked until two Business Days after the delivery of an Underlying 
Value Notification by the Issuer. 
(d) 
The relevant Issuer has discretion with respect to any Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-
in Exercise Notice to (i) decline the request to provide a Shout Option Performance Lock-in 
Level for the relevant Shout Option Performance Date if, in its reasonable opinion, the relevant 
Issuer or its hedging affiliate will not be able to execute the request because of market conditions

--- Page 802 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B 
 
 
802 
at the time of the request or other reasons (in which case the delivery of the Potential Shout 
Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice will not constitute exercise of the Performance 
Lock-in Shout Option), or (ii) provide a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level for the 
relevant Shout Option Performance Date (in which case the receipt of a corresponding Shout 
Option Exercise Notice (as defined below) will constitute exercise of the Performance Lock-in 
Shout Option). No later than one (1) hour prior to the final time at which the Shout Option 
Performance Lock-in Level for the relevant Shout Option Performance Lock-in Date is able to 
be determined in accordance with the relevant Asset Conditions (other than Inflation Linked 
Securities), the relevant Issuer will deliver to the Qualifying Securityholders an Underlying 
Value Notification. In the case of Securities linked to Inflation, the relevant Issuer will deliver 
an Underlying Value Notification on or before two Business Days after receipt by the Issuer of 
a Potential Shout Option Performation Lock-in Exercise Notice. 
(e) 
The delivery by the relevant Issuer of an Underlying Value Notification does not, under any 
circumstances, constitute an undertaking or firm offer by the Issuer to utilise the Shout Option 
Performance Lock-in Level for the relevant Shout Option performance Lock-in Date specified 
in the Underlying Value Notification. Following delivery of an Underlying Value Notification 
and in the absence of a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Acceptance in accordance 
with the provisions below, the relevant Issuer will have no obligation to utilise the Shout Option 
Performance Lock-in Level for the relevant Shout Option performance Lock-in Date specified 
in the Underlying Value Notification, including where Qualifying Securityholders send a Shout 
Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice. 
(f) 
If in the Underlying Value Notification the relevant Issuer notifies the Qualifying 
Securityholders of the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level, the Qualifying Securityholders 
will, at their option, no later than the date falling the Shout Option Number of Business Days 
after receipt of such Underlying Value Notification, deliver to the relevant Issuer (with a copy 
to the Principal Paying Agent) a notice (a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise 
Notice) confirming the exercise of the Performance Lock-in Shout Option following which, for 
the immediately following Redemption Determination Date in respect of the Final Redemption 
Amount or the relevant Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, the Underlying 
Value of each relevant Underlying for the purposes of the determination by the Calculation 
Agent of the Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities will be the Shout Option 
Performance Lock-in Level. 
A Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice must include (i) evidence reasonably 
satisfactory to the Issuer of the relevant Securityholder's holding of the Securities to which the 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice relates and (ii) confirmation from the 
relevant clearing system that such Securities are blocked in the relevant Securityholder's account 
together with the Securityholder's undertaking that such Securities shall remain so blocked until 
five Business Days (inclusive) after the date on which the Potential Shout Option Performance 
Lock-in Exercise Notice has been delivered by the relevant Securityholder to which the Shout 
Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice relates. 
If the relevant Issuer notifies the Qualifying Securityholders of it acceptance of the Shout Option 
Performation Lock-in Exercise Notice (a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise 
Acceptance), on or before the Business Day following its receipt of the Shout Option 
Performation Lock-in Exercise Notice, the Underlying Value of each Underlying, utilised by the 
Calculation Agent for the determination of the Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities 
in respect of the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, will be equal to the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level for the relevant Shout 
Option Performance Lock-in Date.  
The Qualifying Securityholders may exercise the Performance Lock-in Shout Option the Shout 
Option Number of occasions during the life of the Securities. For the avoidance of doubt, 
following the exercise by the Qualifying Securityholders of the Performance Lock-in Shout 
Option on such number of occasions equal to the Shout Option Number of times, the 
Securityholders may no longer exercise the Performance Lock-in Shout Option.

--- Page 803 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B 
 
 
803 
The Qualifying Securityholders may exercise the Performance Lock-in Shout Option once only 
in respect of each Redemption Determination Date in respect of the Final Redemption Amount 
or the relevant Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be. 
7.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions, the 
following terms shall have the following meanings: 
Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice means, with respect to the immediately 
following Redemption Determination Date, a written notice given by the Qualifying Securityholders to 
the relevant Issuer (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices) designating a Shout Option Performance Date and requesting a Shout Option Performance 
Lock-in Level. 
Qualifying Securityholders means the Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Securities outstanding. 
Shout Option Number means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Date means, in respect of a Potential Shout Option Performance 
Lock-in Exercise Notice, the Redemption Determination Date following the date following the delivery 
by the Qualified Securityholders of the Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Notice Date means, in respect of a Shout Option Performance 
Lock-in Expiry Date, the date that is at least ten (10) Business Days, or such other number of Business 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, prior to the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Expiry Date. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Acceptance has the meaning given to it in paragraph 7.1 
above of these Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice has the meaning given to it in paragraph 7.1 above 
of these Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Expiry Date means any date that falls not later than the date that 
is ten (10) Business Days, or such other number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
prior to the relevant Redemption Determination Date. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Expiry Time means the time specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level means, with respect to the immediately following 
Redemption Determination Date the Underlying Value of each relevant Underlying calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Shout Option Performance Date. 
Underlying has the meaning set out in the relevant Standard Payoff Conditions or Combination Payoff 
Conditions (as the case may be) applicable to the Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination 
Redemption Payoff specified to be applicable in relation to the then current Redemption Determination 
Date in the applicable Final Terms. 
Underlying Value has the meaning set out in the relevant Standard Payoff Conditions or Combination 
Payoff Conditions (as the case may be) applicable to the Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination 
Redemption Payoff specified to be applicable in relation to the then current Redemption Determination 
Date in the applicable Final Terms. 
Underlying Value Notification means, with respect to a Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in 
Exercise Notice, a written notice given by the relevant Issuer to the Qualifying Securityholders (with a 
copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) notifying the 
Qualifying Securityholders (a) that it declines the request to provide a Shout Option Performance Lock-

--- Page 804 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B 
 
 
804 
in Level for the relevant Shout Option Performance Date or (b) the Shout Option Performance Lock-in 
Level for the relevant Shout Option Performance Date.

--- Page 805 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B 
 
 
805 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B: Chapter 8: Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specify Reset Option Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature (the Reset Option 
Redemption Payoff Feature) is applicable. These Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions are subject 
to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
8 
RESET OPTION REDEMPTION PAYOFF FEATURE 
All Securityholders acting together may request to change the basis on which the Final Redemption 
Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is calculated. Following receipt of 
such request, the Issuer will notify the Qualifying Securityholders of the manner in which it would propose 
to change the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Amount, as the case may be, and the Qualifying 
Securityholders may agree with the Issuer in implementing such changes, or not. There is no guarantee 
that any change in the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, 
will be beneficial for Securityholders. 
8.1 
Methodology 
(a) 
If Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
applicable, the Qualifying Securityholders may, at their option, request to switch the basis on 
which the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, 
is calculated in accordance with these Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions (the 
Reset Option). 
The Qualifying Securityholders may, at their option, deliver a Potential Switch Notice on any 
Business Day on or prior to a Reset Notice Date. A Potential Switch Notice must include (i) 
evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer of the relevant Securityholder's holding of the 
Securities to which the Potential Switch Notice relates and (ii) confirmation from the relevant 
clearing system that such Securities are blocked in the relevant Securityholder's account together 
with the Securityholder's undertaking that such Securities shall remain so blocked until two 
Business Days after the date on which a Reset Notification is delivered by the Issuer. 
If the Potential Switch Notice is received by the Issuer prior to the Reset Notice Time on the 
relevant Business Day, the Issuer will deliver a Reset Notification no later than the Reset 
Notification Time on that Business Day, otherwise, the Issuer will deliver a Reset Notification 
no later than the Reset Notice Time on the next following Business Day. If the Reset Notice 
Time or Reset Notification Time is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
no later than two (2) Business Days after receipt of the Potential Switch Notice, the relevant 
Issuer will deliver a Reset Notification. 
(b) 
The Qualifying Securityholders will, at their option, no later than two (2) Business Days after 
receipt of the Reset Notification, deliver to the relevant Issuer (with a copy to the Principal 
Paying Agent) a notice (a Reset Switch Notice) confirming the exercise of the Reset Option 
following which the basis for calculating the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, set out in the Reset Notification will apply in respect 
of the following Redemption Determination Date unless the Qualifying Securityholders exercise 
the Reset Option again. A Reset Switch Notice must include (i) evidence reasonably satisfactory 
to the Issuer of the relevant Securityholder's holding of the Securities to which the Reset Switch 
Notice relates and (ii) confirmation from the relevant clearing system that such Securities are 
blocked in the relevant Securityholder's account together with the Securityholder's undertaking

--- Page 806 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B 
 
 
806 
that such Securities shall remain so blocked until two Business Days after the relevant 
Redemption Determination Date. 
The Qualifying Securityholders may exercise the Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature the 
Reset Option Number during the life of the Securities. For the avoidance of doubt, following the 
exercise by the Qualifying Securityholders of the Reset Option on such number of occasions 
equal to the Reset Option Number of times during the life of the Securities, the Final Redemption 
Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, will be calculated in 
accordance with the last validly exercised Reset Option. 
Accordingly, if a Reset Switch Date occurs, the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
immediately following Redemption Determination Date in accordance with the basis for 
calculating the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, set out in the relevant Reset Notification, subject to any further exercise by the 
Qualifying Securityholders in accordance with these Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature 
Conditions. 
8.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
Potential Switch Notice means, with respect to the immediate following Redemption Determination 
Date, a written notice given by the Qualifying Securityholders to the relevant Issuer (with a copy to the 
Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) requesting a change to the 
Final Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, to be applicable on 
the next Redemption Determination Date unless the Qualifying Securityholders deliver another Potential 
Switch Notice (if any), in each case confirmed pursuant to a Reset Switch Notice. 
Qualifying Securityholders means the Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Securities outstanding. 
Reset Notice Date means the date that is such number of Business Days as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms prior to (a) each Redemption Determination Date or (b) the relevant Redemption 
Determination Dates, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reset Notice Time means each time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reset Notification means, with respect to any Potential Switch Notice, a written notice given by the 
relevant Issuer to the Qualifying Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) 
notifying the Qualifying Securityholders of the manner in which it would propose to change the Final 
Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount. 
Reset Notification Date means the number of Business Days, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
after receipt of any Potential Switch Notice by the Issuer. 
Reset Notification Time means each time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reset Option Number means the number specified as the Reset Option Number in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Reset Switch Date means, with respect to a valid Reset Switch Notice, the date on which the change to 
the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount, as applicable, will take effect, which 
shall be the Redemption Determination Date falling immediately after the receipt by the Issuer of such 
valid Reset Switch Notice, in accordance with these Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions. 
Reset Switch Notice has the meaning given to it in Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature Condition 
8.1(b) (Methodology).

--- Page 807 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B 
 
 
807 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B Chapter 9: Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff 
Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
a Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions) 
will apply to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that a Knock-out Performance Redemption 
Switch Payoff Feature (a Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature) is applicable. These 
Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms not defined in these Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
or elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have 
the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
9 
KNOCK-OUT PERFORMANCE REDEMPTION SWITCH PAYOFF FEATURE 
The basis on which the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be, is calculated will automatically switch from (a) calculation of the Redemption Payoff using Linked 
Redemption1 to (b) calculation of the Redemption Payoff using Linked Redemption2 if, either on the 
Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Observation Date(s) or during the Knock-out Performance 
Redemption Switch Observation Period, the Performance_KOR reaches the relevant Knock-out Barrier 
or is within the relevant Range. For the avoidance of doubt, a Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch 
can occur only once during the life of the Securities. You should also refer to the relevant Standard Payoff 
Conditions or Combination Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Redemption 
Payoff calculated using the relevant Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination Redemption Payoff 
referred to for this Payoff Feature Condition. 
9.1 
Methodology 
If Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the basis on which the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, is calculated will automatically switch from Linked Redemption1 to Linked 
Redemption2 (the Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch) if, during the life of the Securities, a 
Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Event occurs. The Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practical 
following the occurrence of a Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Event, issue a Knock-out 
Performance Redemption Switch Notice. For the avoidance of doubt, a Knock-out Performance 
Redemption Switch Event can occur only once during the life of the Securities. 
Consequently, the Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities in respect of the Final Redemption 
Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent: 
(a) 
in the case of Securities (other than Instalment Redemption Securities), if a Knock-out 
Performance Redemption Switch Event has not occurred in accordance with these Knock-out 
Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions, in accordance with Linked 
Redemption1; 
(b) 
in the case of Securities (other than Instalment Redemption Securities), if a Knock-out 
Performance Redemption Switch Event has occurred in accordance with these Knock-out 
Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions, in accordance with Linked 
Redemption2; 
(c) 
in the case of Instalment Redemption Securities, if a Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch 
Event has not occurred in accordance with these Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch 
Payoff Feature Conditions, on each Redemption Determination Date and for each Instalment 
Redemption Date, in accordance with Linked Redemption1

--- Page 808 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B 
 
 
808 
(d) 
in the case of Instalment Redemption Securities, if a Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch 
Event has not occurred in accordance with these Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch 
Payoff Feature Conditions): 
(i) 
on each Redemption Determination Date up to (but excluding) the Knock-out 
Performance Redemption Switch Date, in respect of each corresponding Instalment 
Redemption Date, in accordance with Linked Redemption1; or 
(ii) 
on each Redemption Determination Date from (and including) the Knock-out 
Performance Redemption Switch Date, in respect of each corresponding Instalment 
Redemption Date in accordance with Linked Redemption2. 
9.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions, the 
following terms will have the following meanings: 
Knock-out Barrier means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Observation Date means each date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms, and each such date is deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes 
of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Date means (a) the Redemption Determination Date 
immediately following the occurrence of a Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Event or (b) the 
date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Event means that the Performance_KOR is [higher than 
the Knock-out Barrier] [higher than or equal to the Knock-out Barrier] [lower than the Knock-out Barrier] 
[lower than or equal to the Knock-out Barrier] [within Range] [outside Range] either (A) on [the] [the 
last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch 
Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the 
Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Observation Period.  
Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Notice means a written notice given by the Issuer to the 
Securityholders (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices) informing the Securityholders of the occurrence of a Knock-out Performance Redemption 
Switch Event. 
Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Observation Period means the period specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Redemption1 means the Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination Redemption Payoff 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Redemption2 means the Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination Redemption Payoff 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 809 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part C 
 
 
809 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part C: Chapter 1: Additive Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specify Additive Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Additive Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that Additive Payoff Feature (the Additive Payoff Feature) is applicable. These 
Additive Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Additive Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms 
and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
1 
ADDITIVE PAYOFF FEATURE 
This Additive Feature sets out that any Payoff Feature may be combined with one or more other Payoff 
Features. You should also refer to the relevant Payoff Feature Conditions for an explanation of the 
relevant Payoff Features referred to for this Payoff Feature Condition. 
1.1 
Methodology 
If Additive Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, any Payoff Feature 
may be combined with one or more other Payoff Features, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
1.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Additive Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Payoff Feature means, as applicable, Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature, Issuer Interest Switch 
Payoff Feature, Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature, Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature, 
Memory Interest Payoff Feature, Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature, Reset Option Interest Payoff 
Feature, Single Interest Payment Date Payoff Feature, Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Payoff 
Feature, Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature, Global Cap Interest Payoff Feature, 
Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature, Reserve Interest Payoff Feature, Global Cap Redemption Payoff 
Feature, Global Floor Redemption Payoff Feature, Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature, Investor 
Redemption Switch Payoff Feature, Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature, Knock-out Redemption 
Switch Payoff Feature, Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature, Reset Option 
Redemption Payoff Feature or Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature.

--- Page 810 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part D 
 
 
810 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part D: Chapter 1: Currency Performance Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specify Currency Performance Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Currency Performance Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Currency Performance Payoff Feature (the Currency 
Performance Payoff Feature) is applicable. These Currency Performance Payoff Feature Conditions are subject 
to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Currency Performance Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
1 
CURRENCY PERFORMANCE PAYOFF FEATURE 
If Currency Performance Payoff Feature is applicable, the relevant Linked Interest Rate or Redemption 
Payoff, or part thereof, will be adjusted by multiplying the relevant percentage by an amount equal to 1 
(one) minus the performance of the Reference Currency with respect to a Strike Level. 
1.1 
Methodology 
If Currency Performance Payoff Feature is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms with 
respect to an Interest Payoff or a Redemption Payoff, or part thereof, the relevant Linked Interest Rate or 
Redemption Payoff, or part thereof, as applicable (any of which, the Applicable Percentage) on the 
Relevant Determination Date will be adjusted by multiplying it by an amount equal to 1 (one) minus the 
performance of the Reference Currency with respect to a Strike Level (the Strike Level can be any of 
FXh, FXl, and FXb as specified in the applicable Final Terms) as follows: 
Applicable Percentage x [1 – (FXh - FXl) / FXb] 
1.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Currency Performance Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
FXb, FXh or FXl means the FX Rate or the Strike Level, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
FX Rate has the meaning given to such term in the FX Linked Asset Conditions. For this purpose, the 
FX Linked Asset Conditions are incorporated in, and apply mutatis mutandis (as though such provisions 
were set out in full herein) to, these Currency Performance Payoff Feature Conditions provided that 
references to a relevant Observation Date shall be deemed to be references to the Relevant Determination 
Date. 
Interest Payoff means the Standard Interest Payoff or the Combination Interest Payoff specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms. 
Linked Interest Rate has the meaning set out in General Condition 4.3(b) (Linked Interest Rate). 
Redemption Payoff means the Standard Redemption Payoff or the Combination Redemption Payoff 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms. 
Relevant Determination Date means the Interest Determination Date or the Redemption Determination 
Date applicable in respect of the relevant applicable Interest Payoff or Redemption Payoff. 
Strike Level means the rate of exchange of one currency for another currency, expressed as a number of 
units of the Reference Currency per unit of the Base Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 811 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part E 
 
 
811 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part E: Chapter 1: Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specify Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that (i) the Bond Linked Conditions are applicable, (ii) the 
Secured Securities Conditions are applicable and (iii) Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature (the Bond Switch 
Option Payoff Feature) is applicable. These Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere in 
the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
1 
BOND SWITCH OPTION PAYOFF FEATURE 
All Securityholders acting together may request to substitute a Bond by delivering a notice on or before 
a Bond Switch Option Expiry Date. Following receipt of such request, the Issuer shall provide the relevant 
Bond Switch Option Pricing. Each relevant Bond Switch Option Pricing reflects the cost or gain of 
effecting the switch of Bonds requested by the Securityholders, the difference between the market value 
of the replaced Bond and the replacing Bond and the resulting adjusted Linked Interest Rate applicable 
to the Securities, in each case at the relevant time. The Securityholders have the ability to request to fix 
the Bond Switch Option Pricing at a particular level, although this is subject to the Issuer's discretion to 
decline such request. The Qualifying Securityholders may exercise the Bond Switch Option in accordance 
with the frequency provided for in the applicable Final Terms. 
1.1 
Methodology 
(a) 
If Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, 
the Qualifying Securityholders may, at their option, request to substitute an existing Bond (the 
Existing Bond) by a replacing Bond (the Replacing Bond), by identifying, amongst other 
things, its ISIN or other securities identification number, nominal amount on issue and any 
applicable rate of interest, with the Bond Nominal Amount of the Replacing Bond being equal 
to the Bond Nominal Amount of the Existing Bond, in accordance with these Bond Switch 
Option Payoff Feature Conditions (the Bond Switch Option). 
The Qualifying Securityholders may at their option, deliver a Potential Bond Switch Option 
Exercise Notice (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) on any Business Day during the 
Interest Accrual Period to which the Bond Switch Option applies, on or after the Bond Switch 
Notice Time on the bond Switch Notice Date and on or before the Bond Switch Expiry Time on 
the Bond Switch Expiry Date. 
A Potential Bond Switch Option Notice must include (i) evidence reasonably satisfactory to the 
Issuer of the relevant Securityholder's holding of the Securities to which the Potential Bond 
Switch Option Notice relates and (ii) confirmation from the relevant clearing system that such 
Securities are blocked in the relevant Securityholder's account together with the Securityholder's 
undertaking that such Securities shall remain so blocked until five Business Days (inclusive) 
after the date on which such Potential Bond Switch Option Notice is delivered by the 
Securityholder. 
On or before the second Business Day following receipt of an Potential Bond Switch Option 
Notice, the relevant Issuer will deliver a Bond Switch Option Pricing Notification. The delivery 
of a Bond Switch Option Pricing Notification does not, under any circumstances, constitute an 
undertaking or firm offer by the Issuer to effect a substitution of the Existing Bond with a 
Replacing Bond. Following delivery of Bond Switch Option Pricing Notification and in the 
absence of an Bond Switch Option Acceptance in accordance with paragraph (b) below, the 
relevant Issuer will have no obligation to effect the substitution of the Existing Bond with a

--- Page 812 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part E 
 
 
812 
Replacing Bond, including where the Qualifying Securityholders deliver an Bond Switch Option 
Exercise Notice in accordance with paragraph (b) below. 
(b) 
The Qualifying Securityholders may send, at their option, to the relevant Issuer (with a copy to 
the Principal Paying Agent), no later than two Business Days after receipt of such Bond Switch 
Option Pricing Notification, a notice requesting the exercise of the Bond Switch Option or 
providing an alternative proposal for the Bond Switch Option Pricing (a Bond Switch Option 
Exercise Notice) confirming. A Bond Switch Option Exercise Notice must include (i) evidence 
reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer of the relevant Securityholder's holding of the Securities to 
which the Bond Switch Option Exercise Notice relates and (ii) confirmation from the relevant 
clearing system that such Securities are blocked in the relevant Securityholder's account together 
with the Securityholder's undertaking that such Securities shall remain so blocked until five 
Business Days (inclusive) after the date on which the Potential Bond Switch Option Exercise 
Notice, to which the Bond Switch Option Exercise Notice relates, was delivered by the 
Securityholder. 
(c) 
If the relevant Issuer notifies the Qualifying Securityholders of its acceptance of the Bond Switch 
Option Exercise Notice on or before the Business Day following receipt of the Bond Switch 
Option Exercise Notice (an Bond Switch Option Acceptance), then: 
(i) 
the Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities will be as set out in the Bond Switch 
Option Pricing Notification; and 
(ii) 
the Existing Bond will be replaced by the Replacing Bond; if the Existing Bond was 
part of the Collateral Assets, Secured Security Condition 4.4(a) (Substitution of 
Collateral Assets) will apply to such replacement and, for the purpose of such 
replacement only, "Collateral Substitution" will be deemed to be applicable (whether or 
not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) and the Collateral Test will 
be deemed to be satisfied on the Collateral Business Day immediately following the day 
on which the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) sent or cause to be sent a 
notice to the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Custodian in accordance with Secured 
Security Condition 4.4(a) (Substitution of Collateral Assets), and 
(iii) 
for: 
(A) 
the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Bond 
Switch Option Acceptance and all subsequent Interest Accrual Periods, if 
"Current Interest Bond Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms; or 
(B) 
in respect of all Interest Accrual Periods following that during which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Bond Switch Option Acceptance, if "Following 
Interest Bond Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period (i) following that during which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Bond Switch Option Acceptance and (ii) 
commencing on an Interest Determination Date falling on or after the Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms for this purpose, if 
"Other Interest Bond Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms; or 
(D) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance, if "Current Single Interest Bond 
Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(E) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period immediately following that on which 
the relevant Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance, if

--- Page 813 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part E 
 
 
813 
"Following Single Interest Bond Switch" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(F) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and each subsequent Interest 
Accrual period commencing on an Interest Determination Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms for this purpose, if "Current Limited Single Interest Bond 
Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(G) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period immediately following that on which 
the relevant Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and in 
respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that on which the relevant 
Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and commencing on 
the Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms for this 
purpose, if "Following Limited Single Interest Bond Switch" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(H) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that on which the relevant 
Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and commencing on 
each Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms for this 
purpose, if "Limited Interest Bond Switch" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 14 (Notices) of the amendments to the applicable Final Terms required to reflect the 
consequences of the exercise of the Bond Switch Option. 
The Qualifying Securityholders may exercise the Bond Switch Option during the life of the Securities as 
many times as the Bond Switch Number subject to the Bond Switch Frequency. 
1.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Investor Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms 
shall have the following meanings: 
Bond Switch Expiry Time means the time designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Bond Switch Frequency means the frequency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.   
Bond Switch Notice Time the time designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Bond Switch Number the number designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Bond Switch Option Acceptance has the meaning given to it in paragraph (e) above of these Bond 
Switch Option Payoff Feature Conditions. 
Bond Switch Option Expiry Date means the date falling (10) Business Days, or such other number of 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, prior to (i) each Interest Determination Date or 
the Interest Determination Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms for such purpose or (ii) each 
Interest Period Date or the Interest Period Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms for such purpose. 
Bond Switch Option Notice Date means, in respect of a Bond Switch Option Expiry Date, the date 
falling the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to such Bond Switch 
Option Expiry Date.  
Bond Switch Option Number means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Bond Switch Option Pricing means, with respect to the Potential Bond Switch Option Exercise Notice, 
(a) the cost or gain of effecting the switch of Bonds requested by the Securityholders in the Potential

--- Page 814 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions: Part E 
 
 
814 
Bond Switch Option Exercise Notice, (b) the difference between the market value of the Existing Bond 
and the Replacing Bond and (c) the resulting adjusted Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities. 
Bond Switch Option Pricing Notification means, with respect to a Potential Bond Switch Option 
Exercise Notice, a written notice given by the relevant Issuer to the Qualifying Securityholders (with a 
copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) notifying the 
Qualifying Securityholders of the Bond Switch Option Pricing. 
Potential Bond Switch Option Exercise Notice means a written notice given by the Qualifying 
Securityholders to the relevant Issuer (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) (a) requesting the 
Existing Bond (as defined above) to be replaced by the Replacing Bond (as defined above), identifying 
the Existing Bond and the Replacing Bond by, amongst other things, its ISIN or other securities 
identification number, the exact name of the issuer, the redemption date and any applicable rate of interest 
and (b) requesting a Bond Switch Option Pricing. 
Qualifying Securityholders means the Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Securities outstanding.

--- Page 815 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
 
 
815 
ANNEX 8 – EARLY REDEMPTION TRIGGER CONDITIONS 
The chapters of this annex each set out additional terms and conditions that may apply to the early redemption 
in respect of the Securities. 
The terms and conditions applicable to the early redemption of Linked Redemption Securities shall comprise the 
General Conditions and the Additional Conditions, in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final 
Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Additional Conditions, the 
Additional Conditions shall prevail. 
The following chapters comprise the terms and conditions (the Early Redemption Trigger Conditions) that shall 
apply to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that one or more chapters of the Early Redemption 
Trigger Conditions is applicable. Only those chapters containing an early redemption trigger event specified in 
the applicable Final Terms will apply to a particular Series of Securities. The Early Redemption Trigger 
Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
The Early Redemption Trigger Conditions are set out as follows: 
Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger 
Chapter 1 
Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger 
Chapter 2 
Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger 
Chapter 3 
Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger 
Chapter 4 
Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger 
Chapter 5 
Target Early Redemption Trigger 
Chapter 6 
Automatic Early Redemption Trigger 
Chapter 7

--- Page 816 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
 
 
816 
Early Redemption Trigger Conditions: Chapter 1: Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions applicable to Securities for which the applicable Final 
Terms specify Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger (the Issuer Call Early 
Redemption Trigger) is applicable. These Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
1 
ISSUER CALL EARLY REDEMPTION TRIGGER 
The relevant Issuer may (at its option) give notice to redeem all or some only of the Securities at the Early 
Redemption Amount with accrued interest, if any, on the corresponding Early Redemption Date. 
1.1 
Trigger 
If Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, the 
relevant Issuer may give an Issuer Call Notice to redeem all or some only of the Securities then 
outstanding on the applicable Early Redemption Date and at the Early Redemption Amount together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Early Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Call Nominal Amount or 
not more than the Maximum Call Nominal Amount. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Securities, the Securities to be redeemed (Redeemed Securities) 
will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Securities represented by Definitive 
Securities, and in accordance with the rules of DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Securities represented by a 
Global Security, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being 
hereinafter called the Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Securities represented by Definitive 
Securities, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Securities will be published in accordance with 
General Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange 
of the relevant Global Security will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection 
Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Issuer Call Early Redemption 
Trigger Condition 1.1 and notice to that effect shall be given by the relevant Issuer to the Securityholders 
in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) at least five (5) days prior to the Selection Date. 
In the case of Swedish Securities and Finnish Securities, the notice to the Securityholders shall also 
specify the Securities or amounts of the Redeemed Securities and the Record Date before the due date for 
the redemption and the procedures for partial redemptions laid down in the Swedish CSD Rules and the 
Finnish CSD Rules, respectively, will be observed. 
1.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities pursuant to these 
Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the amount determined in accordance with the relevant 
Redemption Method. 
Early Redemption Date means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities pursuant to these 
Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 817 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
 
 
817 
Issuer Call Notice means notice by the relevant Issuer to the holders of the Securities given in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices) with a notice period of not less than the Minimum Call Notice Period 
and, if applicable, not more than the Maximum Call Notice Period, expressing its intention to redeem all 
or some only of the Securities. A copy of such notice will be given to the Principal Paying Agent or, in 
the case of redemption of Registered Securities, the Registrar in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices) (which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption). 
Maximum Call Notice Period means, if applicable, the notice period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Maximum Call Nominal Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Minimum Call Nominal Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Minimum Call Notice Period means the notice period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption Method has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions).

--- Page 818 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
 
 
818 
Early Redemption Trigger Conditions: Chapter 2: Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions applicable to Securities for which the applicable Final 
Terms specify Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger (the Investor Put 
Early Redemption Trigger) is applicable. These Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
2 
INVESTOR PUT EARLY REDEMPTION TRIGGER 
The investor may give notice, upon the expiry of which the relevant Issuer will redeem (subject to the 
Minimum Put Number of Securities), in whole (but not, in the case of a Bearer Security in definitive form, 
in part) the relevant Security(ies) at the Early Redemption Amount with accrued interest, if any, on the 
corresponding Early Redemption Date. 
2.1 
Trigger 
If Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, upon 
the expiry of any Investor Put Notice and subject as provided below, the relevant Issuer will redeem, in 
whole (but not, in the case of a Bearer Security in definitive form, in part) the relevant Security(ies) on 
the Early Redemption Date and at the Early Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Early Redemption Date. Registered Securities may be redeemed in any 
multiple of their lowest Specified Denomination. 
If this Security is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to exercise 
the right to require redemption of this Security, the holder of this Security must deliver at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Securities) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Securities) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for 
the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, 
the Registrar (an Exercise Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment 
is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Investor Put 
Early Redemption Trigger Condition and, in the case of Registered Securities, the nominal amount thereof 
to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Securities so surrendered is to 
be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Security in respect of the balance of such Registered 
Securities is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 1.3(c) 
(Transfer of Registered Securities in definitive form), accompanied by this Security or evidence 
satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities) that this 
Security will, following delivery of the Exercise Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Security is represented by a Global Security or is in definitive form and held through DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Security, the 
holder of this Security must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities) of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being 
given on his instruction by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or 
common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities) by electronic means) in a form acceptable to DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
The Issuer's obligation to redeem this Security following service of an Investor Put Notice shall be subject 
to the condition that such Investor Put Notice is served in respect of a number of Securities at least equal

--- Page 819 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
 
 
819 
to the Minimum Put Number of Securities. If an Investor Put Notice is served in respect of a number of 
Securities less than the Minimum Put Number of Securities, such Investor Put Notice shall not be of any 
effect and the Issuer shall have no obligations in respect thereof. 
An Investor Put Notice must include (a) evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer of the relevant 
Securityholder's holding of the Securities to which the Investor Put Notice relates and (b) confirmation 
from the relevant clearing system that such Securities are blocked in the relevant Securityholder's account 
together with the Securityholder's undertaking that such Securities shall remain so blocked until two 
Business Days after redemption. 
Any Exercise Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of DTC, Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Security pursuant to this Investor Put Early 
Redemption Trigger Condition 2.1 shall be irrevocable, except where prior to the due date of redemption 
an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may 
elect by notice to the relevant Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Investor Put Early 
Redemption Trigger Condition 2.1 and instead to declare such Security forthwith due and payable 
pursuant to General Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
Any Exercise Notice in respect of Swedish Securities will not take effect against the relevant Issuer until 
the date on which the relevant Swedish Securities have been transferred to the account designated by the 
Swedish Issuing Agent and blocked for further transfer by said Swedish Issuing Agent. 
Any Exercise Notice in respect of Norwegian Securities will not take effect against the relevant Issuer 
before the date on which the relevant Norwegian Securities have been blocked for further transfer or, if 
requested by the Norwegian Issuing Agent, transferred to an account designated by the Norwegian Issuing 
Agent. 
Any Exercise Notice in respect of Finnish Securities will not take effect against the relevant Issuer until 
the date on which the relevant Finnish Securities have been transferred to the account designated by the 
Finnish Issuing Agent and blocked for further transfer by said Finnish Issuing Agent. 
2.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities pursuant to these 
Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the amount determined in accordance with the 
relevant Redemption Method. 
Early Redemption Date means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities pursuant to the 
Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Investor Put Notice means a notice by any holder of Securities to the relevant Issuer given in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices) with a notice period of not less than the Minimum Put Notice Period 
and, if applicable, not more than the Maximum Put Notice Period. A copy of such notice will be given to 
the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of a redemption of Registered Securities, the Registrar in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify a 
bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address to which payment is to be 
made under this Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger Condition). 
Maximum Put Notice Period means, if applicable, the notice period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Minimum Put Notice Period means the notice period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to a minimum period of five Business Days as required by Euroclear and Clearstream, Banking.

--- Page 820 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
 
 
820 
Minimum Put Number of Securities means the number of Securities specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Redemption Method has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions).

--- Page 821 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
 
 
821 
Early Redemption Trigger Conditions: Chapter 3: Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions applicable to Securities for which the applicable Final 
Terms specify Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger (the Knock-out Early 
Redemption Trigger) is applicable. These Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
3 
KNOCK-OUT EARLY REDEMPTION TRIGGER 
If either on the Early Redemption Observation Date(s) or during the Early Redemption Observation 
Period, the Underlying Value of the Underlying reaches the ERB or is within the relevant Range, the 
relevant Issuer will redeem all of the Securities at the Early Redemption Amount with accrued interest, if 
any, on the corresponding Early Redemption Date.  
3.1 
Trigger 
If Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable and a 
Knock-out Trigger occurs, the relevant Issuer will redeem all, but not some only, of the Securities then 
outstanding on the Early Redemption Date and at the Early Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Early Redemption Date. 
If the last Early Redemption Date is defined as the Redemption Date in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions will supersede the Redemption Method Conditions and 
the relevant Issuer will redeem all, but not some only, of the Securities then outstanding on the 
Redemption Date and at the Early Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the Redemption Date. The Final Redemption Amount, as per Redemption Method 
Conditions, will be deemed to be the relevant Early Redemption Amount. 
3.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities pursuant to these 
Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the amount determined in accordance with the relevant 
Redemption Method. 
Early Redemption Date means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities pursuant to these 
Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Early Redemption Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
and each such date is deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset 
Conditions. 
Early Redemption Observation Period means the period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Knock-out Trigger means that the Underlying Value is [higher than ERB] [higher than or equal to ERB] 
[lower than ERB] [lower than or equal to ERB] [within Range] [outside Range] either (A) on [the] [the 
current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Early Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at 
least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days]

--- Page 822 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
 
 
822 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Early Redemption Observation 
Period.

--- Page 823 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
 
 
823 
Early Redemption Trigger Conditions: Chapter 4: Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions applicable to Securities for which the applicable Final 
Terms specify Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions) shall apply 
to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger (the 
Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger) is applicable. These Callable Knock-out Early Redemption 
Trigger Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
4 
CALLABLE KNOCK-OUT EARLY REDEMPTION TRIGGER 
If on a Callable Knock-out Observation Date, the Underlying Value of the Underlyingr is within the 
relevant Range, the relevant Issuer may (at its option) give notice to redeem all of the Securities at the 
Early Redemption Amount with accrued interest, if any, on the corresponding Early Redemption Date. 
The Underlying Value reflects the price, level or rate of the relevant Underlyingr at the relevant time. The 
value of the Underlyingr may therefore affect when the Securities redeem. 
4.1 
Trigger 
If: 
(a) 
Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
applicable; and 
(b) 
on the relevant Callable Knock-out Observation Date, a Callable Knock-out Trigger occurs, 
the relevant Issuer may (at its option) give a Callable Knock-out Redemption Notice to redeem all, but 
not some only, of the Securities then outstanding on the Early Redemption Date corresponding to the 
Callable Knock-out Trigger Date and at the Early Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the Early Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal 
amount not less than the Minimum Callable Knock-out Nominal Amount or not more than the Maximum 
Knock-out Call Nominal Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
4.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the following terms 
shall have the following meanings: 
Callable Knock-out Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
and each such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset 
Conditions. 
Callable Knock-out Redemption Notice means notice by the relevant Issuer to the holders of the 
Securities given in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) with a notice period of not less than 
the Minimum Callable Knock-out Notice Period and, if applicable, not more than the Maximum Callable 
Knock-out Notice Period expressing its intention to redeem all or some only of the Securities. A copy of 
such notice will be given to the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of redemption of Registered 
Securities, the Registrar in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) (which notices shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption). 
Callable Knock-out Trigger means that the Underlying Valuer is within the Range on the relevant 
Callable Knock-out Observation Date.

--- Page 824 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
 
 
824 
Callable Knock-out Trigger Date means any Callable Knock-out Observation Date on which a Callable 
Knock-out Trigger occurs. 
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities pursuant to these 
Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the amount determined in accordance with the 
relevant Redemption Method. 
Early Redemption Date means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities pursuant to these 
Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Maximum Callable Knock-out Notice Period means, if applicable, the notice period specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maximum Knock-out Call Nominal Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Minimum Callable Knock-out Nominal Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Minimum Callable Knock-out Notice Period means the notice period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Redemption Method has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions). 
Underlyingr means the Commodity, Index, Inflation Index, FX Rate, Benchmark Rate, ETF, Share, Fund 
Interest or Future, as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Underlying Value means, with respect to a Callable Knock-out Observation Date: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is an Index, the Index level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is a Share, the Share Price; or 
(h) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price. 
(i) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is a Future, the Future Price. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be 
equal to zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying 
Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuer means the Underlying Value of Underlyingr.

--- Page 825 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
 
 
825 
Early Redemption Trigger Conditions: Chapter 5: Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions applicable to Securities for which the applicable Final 
Terms specify Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions) shall apply 
to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger (the 
Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger) is applicable. These Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption 
Trigger Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
5 
PUTTABLE KNOCK-OUT EARLY REDEMPTION TRIGGER 
If on a Puttable Knock-out Observation Date, the Underlying Value of the Underlyingr is within the 
relevant Range, the Securityholder may (at its option) request the relevant Issuer to redeem in whole the 
relevant Securities at the Early Redemption Amount with accrued interest, if any, on the corresponding 
Early Redemption Date. The Underlying Value reflects the price, level or rate of the relevant Underlyingr 
at the relevant time. The value of the Underlyingr may therefore affect when the Securities redeem. 
5.1 
Trigger 
If: 
(a) 
Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
applicable; and 
(b) 
on the relevant Puttable Knock-out Observation Date, a Puttable Knock-out Trigger occurs, 
a holder of any Security may give a Puttable Knock-out Redemption Notice to the relevant Issuer, upon 
the expiry of such Puttable Knock-out Redemption Notice, the relevant Issuer will redeem, in whole (but 
not, in the case of a Bearer Security in definitive form, in part) the relevant Security on the Early 
Redemption Date corresponding to the Puttable Knock-out Trigger Date and at the Early Redemption 
Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Early Redemption Date. 
Registered Securities may be redeemed in any multiple of their lowest Specified Denomination. 
A Puttable Knock-out Redemption Notice must include (i) evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer 
of the relevant Securityholder's holding of the Securities to which the Puttable Knock-out Redemption 
Notice relates and (ii) confirmation from the relevant clearing system that such Securities are blocked in 
the relevant Securityholder's account together with the Securityholder's undertaking that such Securities 
shall remain so blocked until two Business Days after the relevant Early Redemption Date. If this Security 
is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to exercise the right to 
require redemption of this Security, the holder of this Security must deliver at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Securities) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities) at 
any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling 
within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a 
Puttable Knock-out Exercise Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if 
payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Early 
Redemption Trigger Condition and, in the case of Registered Securities, the nominal amount thereof to 
be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Securities so surrendered is to be 
redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Security in respect of the balance of such Registered 
Securities is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 1.3(c) 
(Transfers of Registered Securities in definitive form), accompanied by this Security or evidence 
satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities) that this 
Security will, following delivery of the Puttable Knock-out Exercise Notice, be held to its order or under 
its control.

--- Page 826 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
 
 
826 
If this Security is represented by a Global Security or is in definitive form and held through DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Security, the 
holder of this Security must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities) of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being 
given on his instruction by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or 
common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities) by electronic means) in a form acceptable to DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Puttable Knock-out Exercise Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures 
of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Security pursuant to this 
Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Condition 5.1 shall be irrevocable, except where prior to 
the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing in which event such 
holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the relevant Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to 
this Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Condition 5.1 and instead to declare such Security 
forthwith due and payable pursuant to General Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
Any Puttable Knock-out Redemption Notice in respect of Swedish Securities will not take effect against 
the relevant Issuer until the date on which the relevant Swedish Securities have been transferred to the 
account designated by the Swedish Issuing Agent and blocked for further transfer by said Agent. 
Any Puttable Knock-out Redemption Notice in respect of Norwegian Securities will not take effect 
against the relevant Issuer before the date on which the relevant Norwegian Securities have been blocked 
for further transfer or, if requested by the Norwegian Issuing Agent, transferred to an account designated 
by the Norwegian Issuing Agent. 
Any Puttable Knock-out Redemption Notice in respect of Finnish Securities will not take effect against 
the relevant Issuer until the date on which the relevant Finnish Securities have been transferred to the 
account designated by the Finnish Issuing Agent and blocked for further transfer by said Agent. 
5.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the following terms 
shall have the following meanings: 
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities pursuant to these 
Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the amount determined in accordance with the 
relevant Redemption Method. 
Early Redemption Date means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities pursuant to these 
Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Maximum Puttable Knock-out Notice Period means, if applicable, the notice period specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Minimum Puttable Knock-out Notice Period means the notice period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Puttable Knock-out Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
and each such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset 
Conditions. 
Puttable Knock-out Redemption Notice means notice by any holder of the Securities to the relevant 
Issuer given in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) with a notice period of not less than the 
Minimum Puttable Knock-out Notice Period and, if applicable, not more than the Maximum Puttable 
Knock-out Notice Period. A copy of such notice will be given to the Principal Paying Agent or, in the 
case of a redemption of Registered Securities, the Registrar in accordance with General Condition 14

--- Page 827 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
 
 
827 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify a bank account (or, if payment is required 
to be made by cheque, an address to which payment is to be made under this Puttable Knock-out Early 
Redemption Trigger Condition). 
Puttable Knock-out Trigger means that the Underlying Value is within the Range on the relevant 
Puttable Knock-out Observation Date. 
Puttable Knock-out Trigger Date means any Puttable Knock-out Observation Date on which a Puttable 
Knock-out Trigger occurs. 
Redemption Method has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions). 
Underlyingr means the Commodity, Index, Inflation Index, FX Rate, Benchmark Rate, ETF, Share, Fund 
Interest or Future, as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Underlying Value means, with respect to a Puttable Knock-out Observation Date: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is an Index, the Index level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price; or  
(i) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is a Future, the Future Price. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be 
equal to zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying 
Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuer means the Underlying Value of Underlyingr.

--- Page 828 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
 
 
828 
Early Redemption Trigger Conditions: Chapter 6: Target Early Redemption Trigger 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions applicable to Securities for which the applicable Final 
Terms specify Target Early Redemption Trigger to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Target Early Redemption Trigger Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Target Early Redemption Trigger (the Target Early 
Redemption Trigger) is applicable. These Target Early Redemption Trigger Conditions are subject to completion 
in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Target Early Redemption Trigger Conditions or elsewhere in 
the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
6 
TARGET EARLY REDEMPTION TRIGGER 
If on any Target Redemption Observation Date, the aggregate amount of interest paid on all previous 
Interest Payment Dates since the Issue Date up to and including the Interest Payment Date in respect of 
an Interest Accrual Period in respect of which a Target Early Redemption Trigger Events occurs is 
greater than or equal to the Target Level, the relevant Issuer will redeem all of the Securities at the Early 
Redemption Amount on the corresponding Early Redemption Date. 
6.1 
Trigger 
If: 
(a) 
Target Early Redemption Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable; and 
(b) 
on any Target Redemption Observation Date the aggregate Interest Amounts paid by the relevant 
Issuer in respect of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities on all Interest 
Payment Dates since the Issue Date up to and including the Interest Payment Date in respect of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period is greater than or equal to the Target Level (a Target Early 
Redemption Trigger Event), 
the relevant Issuer will redeem all, but not some only, of the Securities then outstanding on the Early 
Redemption Date at the Early Redemption Amount. 
6.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Target Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings: 
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities pursuant to these 
Target Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the amount determined in accordance with the relevant 
Redemption Method. 
Early Redemption Date means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities pursuant to these 
Target Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Global Security Calculation Amount Factor means a number equal to the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Securities divided by the Calculation Amount or Specified Denominations, as 
relevant. 
Redemption Method has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions). 
Target Level means the number or percentage in the Specified Currency per Calculation Amount or 
Specified Denominations, as relevant, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which shall be 
multiplied by:

--- Page 829 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
 
 
829 
(a) 
in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, the Global Security Calculation 
Amount Factor; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Security in definitive form, the Calculation Amount Factor. 
Target Redemption Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
and each such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset 
Conditions.

--- Page 830 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
 
 
830 
Early Redemption Trigger Conditions: Chapter 7: Automatic Early Redemption Trigger 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
an Automatic Early Redemption Trigger to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Automatic Early Redemption Trigger Conditions) will apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that an Automatic Early Redemption Trigger (the Automatic 
Early Redemption Trigger) is applicable. These Automatic Early Redemption Trigger Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms not defined in these Automatic Early Redemption Trigger Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given 
to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
7 
AUTOMATIC EARLY REDEMPTION TRIGGER 
If either on the Early Redemption Observation Date(s) or during the Early Redemption Observation 
Period, the Performance_ER reaches the ERB or is within the relevant Range, as the case may be, the 
Issuer will redeem all of the Securities at the Early Redemption Amount with accrued interest, if any, on 
the corresponding Early Redemption Date.  
7.1 
Trigger 
If Automatic Early Redemption Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable and an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, the Issuer will redeem all, but not some only, of the Securities 
then outstanding on the Early Redemption Date and at the Early Redemption Amount together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued up to (but excluding) the Early Redemption Date. 
7.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Automatic Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the following terms will have 
the following meanings: 
Automatic Early Redemption Event means that the Performance_ER is [higher than ERB] [higher than 
or equal to ERB] [lower than ERB] [lower than or equal to ERB] [within Range] [outside Range] either 
(A) on [the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Early Redemption Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled 
Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Early 
Redemption Observation Period. 
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities pursuant to these 
Automatic Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the amount determined in accordance with the relevant 
Redemption Method. 
Early Redemption Date means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities pursuant to these 
Automatic Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Early Redemption Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
and each such date is deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset 
Conditions. 
Early Redemption Observation Period means the period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Redemption Method has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions).

--- Page 831 ---
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
 
 
831 
ANNEX 9 – REDEMPTION METHOD CONDITIONS 
This annex sets out additional terms and conditions (the Redemption Method Conditions) relating to the 
redemption payments or deliveries in respect of a Series of Securities other than a redemption pursuant to 
General Condition 6.8 (Redemption Amounts) or Annex 11 (Preference Share Linked Securities). 
The terms and conditions applicable to a Redemption Method (as defined below) of Linked Redemption Securities, 
and, where applicable, Credit Linked Securities and Bond Linked Securities shall comprise the General Conditions 
and the Additional Conditions, in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. 
The following terms and conditions (the Redemption Method Conditions) shall apply to the Securities. Only those 
Redemption Method Conditions containing an applicable Redemption Method specified in the applicable Final 
Terms for the purposes of a Redemption Determination Date in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, an 
Instalment Redemption Amount or an Early Redemption Amount will apply to a particular Series of Securities for 
determining such amount. These Redemption Method Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
1 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
For the purposes of these Redemption Method Conditions, the following terms shall have the following 
meanings: 
Affiliate means, in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by 
the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or 
indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes, "control" means ownership of 
a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
Calculation Amount Factor has the meaning set out in the Definitions . 
Combination Payoff Conditions has the meaning set out in the Definitions Condition. 
Combination Redemption Payoff means the relevant chapter of Part B of the Combination Payoff 
Conditions. 
Early Redemption Amount is the amount determined in accordance with the Redemption Method 
specified as applicable for Early Redemption Amount in the applicable Final Terms, in each case subject 
to any applicable Payoff Feature. 
Early Redemption Date has the meaning set out in the Definitions Condition. 
Early Redemption Level means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Final Redemption Amount is the amount determined in accordance with the Redemption Method 
specified as applicable for the Final Redemption Amount in the applicable Final Terms, in each case 
subject to any applicable Payoff Feature provided that if the Final Redemption Amount is lower than PL 
multiplied by the Nominal Amount, the Final Redemption Amount will be deemed to be equal to PL 
multiplied by the Nominal Amount. 
If the last Early Redemption Date is defined as the Redemption Date in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Early Redemption Trigger Conditions will supersede the Redemption Method Conditions and 
the relevant Issuer will redeem all, but not some only, of the Securities then outstanding on the 
Redemption Date and at the Early Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the Redemption Date. Therefore the Final Redemption Amount, as per Redemption 
Method Conditions, will be deemed to be equal to the relevant Early Redemption Amount. 
Growth Redemption has the meaning set out in Redemption Method Condition 4 (Growth Redemption). 
Instalment Amount has the meaning set out in the Definitions Condition. 
Instalment Date has the meaning set out in the Definitions Condition.

--- Page 832 ---
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
 
 
832 
Instalment Redemption Amount is the amount determined in accordance with the Redemption Method 
specified as applicable for Instalment Redemption Amount in the applicable Final Terms, in each case 
subject to any applicable Payoff Feature. 
Nominal Amount means: 
(a) 
for the purposes of determining the Final Redemption Amount: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities (other than Instalment Securities) that are represented by a 
Global Security, either (i) the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities 
represented by such Global Security (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate 
amount paid up) or (ii) the nominal amount represented by the Specified Denomination 
(or, if more than one, the lowest Specified Denomination), all as provided in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Securities (other than Instalment Securities) in definitive form, the product 
of the Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount Factors, 
provided that in the case of any Security (other than an Instalment Security) where the Final 
Redemption Amount is determined by reference to the Share Linked Asset Conditions, the Index 
Linked Asset Conditions or the ETF Linked Asset Conditions, the Nominal Amount attributable 
to each Security shall be the Specified Denomination of such Security; 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining the Instalment Redemption Amount: 
(i) 
in the case of Instalment Securities that are represented by a Global Security, either 
(i) the aggregate Instalment Amount of the Securities on the relevant Instalment Date 
represented by such Global Security or (ii) the nominal amount represented by the 
Specified Denomination (or, if more than one, the lowest Specified Denomination), all 
as provided in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Instalment Securities in definitive form or any Instalment Security where 
the Instalment Redemption Amount is determined by reference to the Share Linked 
Asset Conditions, the Index Linked Asset Conditions or the ETF Linked Asset 
Conditions, the Instalment Amount on the relevant Instalment Date; or 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining the Early Redemption Amount: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities that are represented by a Global Security, either (i) the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Securities represented by such Global Security (or, 
if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up) or (ii) the nominal amount 
represented by the Specified Denomination (or, if more than one, the lowest Specified 
Denomination), all as provided in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Securities in definitive form, the product of the Calculation Amount and 
the Calculation Amount Factor, 
provided that in the case of any Security where the Early Redemption Amount is determined by 
reference to the Share Linked Asset Conditions, the Index Linked Asset Conditions or the ETF 
Linked Asset Conditions, the Nominal Amount attributable to each Security shall be the 
Specified Denomination of such Security. 
Payoff Feature has the meaning set out in the Definitions Condition. 
Performance Redemption has the meaning set out in Redemption Method Condition 3 (Performance 
Redemption). 
PL ("Protection Level") means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 833 ---
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
 
 
833 
Redemption Determination Date means (a) for the purposes of determining the Final Redemption 
Amount, the date specified as the Redemption Determination Date in the applicable Final Terms, (b) in 
the case of Instalment Securities for the purposes of determining an Instalment Redemption Amount, the 
relevant date specified as the Redemption Determination Date in respect of an Instalment Date, or (c) for 
the purposes of determining an Early Redemption Amount, the date falling such number of Business Days 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to the Early Redemption Date, and each such date shall 
be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions.  If Redemption 
Determination Date is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Redemption Determination Date 
shall be, as the case may be, the date that is the Redemption Observation Date or the latest Redemption 
Observation Date (if more than one) or the latest Observation Date of the relevant Redemption 
Observation Period. 
Redemption Method means each of Standard Redemption, Performance Redemption or Growth 
Redemption, as applicable for the purposes of a Redemption Determination Date in respect of the Final 
Redemption Amount, an Instalment Redemption Amount or an Early Redemption Amount. 
Redemption Payoff means the relevant redemption payoff determined in accordance with the relevant 
Standard Redemption Payoff or the relevant Combination Redemption Payoff as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms for the purposes of a Redemption Determination Date in respect of the Final 
Redemption Amount, an Instalment Redemption Amount or an Early Redemption Amount. 
Redemption Unwind Costs means, in respect of each Security: 
(a) 
if Payoff Feature Unwind Costs is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
(notwithstanding that Redemption Unwind Costs is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms), (i) where the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount is 
determined after the basis on which redemption is calculated has been switched in accordance 
with any applicable Payoff Feature Condition, an amount, equal to such Security's pro rata 
portion of the value (determined in the currency in which the Securities are denominated) of any 
losses, expenses and costs to the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates who may have hedged 
the price risk of the Securities and any loss of tax relief or other tax consequences of unwinding 
or adjusting any underlying or related swap agreement or other hedging arrangements, all as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion or (ii) where the basis on which 
redemption is calculated has not been switched in accordance with any applicable Payoff Feature 
Condition, zero (0). 
(b) 
subject to (a) above, if Redemption Unwind Costs is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, (i) in the case of an Early Redemption Amount, an amount, equal to such Security's 
pro rata portion of the value (determined in the currency in which the Securities are denominated) 
of any losses, expenses and costs to the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates who may have 
hedged the price risk of the Securities and any loss of tax relief or other tax consequences of 
unwinding or adjusting any underlying or related swap agreement or other hedging 
arrangements, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion or (ii) in the case of a 
Final Redemption Amount or an Instalment Redemption Amount, zero (0); 
(c) 
if Redemption Unwind Costs and Payoff Feature Unwind Costs are each specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, zero (0). 
Reference Price means 
(a) 
the percentage of the Nominal Amount of the Securities as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(b) 
if multiple percentages are specified in the applicable Final Terms, the percentage of the Nominal 
Amount of the Securities corresponding to the relevant point of determination of the Final 
Redemption Amount, an Instalment Redemption Amount or an Early Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be; or

--- Page 834 ---
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
 
 
834 
(c) 
100 per cent. plus an amount equal to C multiplied by n divided by N, where C, n and N are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(d) 
the Early Redemption Level as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Standard Payoff Conditions has the meaning set out in the Definitions Condition. 
Standard Redemption has the meaning set out in Redemption Method Condition 2 (Standard 
Redemption). 
Standard Redemption Payoff means the relevant chapter of Part B of the Standard Payoff Conditions. 
2 
STANDARD REDEMPTION 
If Standard Redemption is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable for the purposes of a 
Redemption Determination Date in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, an Instalment Redemption 
Amount or an Early Redemption Amount, any such amount, as the case may be, will be equal to: 
Reference Price x Nominal Amount - Redemption Unwind Costs 
as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Redemption Determination Date. 
3 
PERFORMANCE REDEMPTION 
If Performance Redemption is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable for the purposes 
of a Redemption Determination Date in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, an Instalment 
Redemption Amount or an Early Redemption Amount, any such amount, as the case may be, will be 
equal to: 
(Reference Price ± Redemption Payoff) x Nominal Amount – Redemption Unwind Costs 
as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Redemption Determination Date. 
4 
GROWTH REDEMPTION 
If Growth Redemption is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, for the purposes of a 
Redemption Determination Date in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, an Instalment Redemption 
Amount or an Early Redemption Amount, any such amount, as the case may be, will be equal to: 
(Reference Price x Redemption Payoff) x Nominal Amount – Redemption Unwind Costs 
as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Redemption Determination Date. 
5 
CASH OR PHYSICAL SETTLEMENT 
In relation to any Security where the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount is 
determined by reference to the Share Linked Asset Conditions or the ETF Linked Asset Conditions and 
the applicable Final Terms specifies that "Cash or Physical Settlement" applies, the Final Terms shall 
specify the circumstances in which the Securities will be redeemed by way of Delivery of the Physical 
Settlement Amount (as determined in accordance with the Share Linked Asset Conditions or the ETF 
Linked Asset Conditions, as the case may be) in lieu of the payment of the Final Redemption Amount or 
Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be. Such circumstances may be determined by reference 
to the Standard Payoff Conditions, Combination Payoff Conditions and/or Payoff Feature Conditions (or 
any part thereof) which are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms relating to such Securities for 
the purposes of determining the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount.

--- Page 835 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
835 
ANNEX 10 – SECURED SECURITY CONDITIONS 
This annex sets out additional terms and conditions for Secured Securities. 
The terms and conditions applicable to Secured Securities shall comprise the General Conditions and the 
Additional Conditions, in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Additional Conditions, the Additional Conditions shall 
prevail. 
The Secured Security Conditions shall apply to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that the 
Securities are Secured Securities. These Secured Security Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with 
the applicable Final Terms. 
1 
GENERAL 
The Final Terms shall specify, inter alia: 
(a) 
whether Collateral Monitoring applies, and if it applies, the Type of Collateralisation, Eligible 
Collateral Assets and any Haircut with respect to each Eligible Collateral Asset type; 
(b) 
whether the Collateral Pool Type is a Single Series Collateral Pool or a Multiple Series Collateral 
Pool; 
(c) 
the Collateral Pool identification number; 
(d) 
the identity of the Custodian; 
(e) 
whether Third Party Security applies; and 
(f) 
whether any Additional Security Document(s) are required. 
2 
DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of these Secured Security Conditions, the following terms shall have the following 
meanings: 
Accelerated Secured Security means a Security in respect of which a Secured Security Acceleration 
Event has occurred. 
Additional Charged Document means, in respect of a Series of Secured Securities, any document 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Additional Security Document means any additional security document, which is entered into by the 
Issuer, and/or any Third Party Chargor in respect of a Series of Secured Securities in order to create a 
security interest over the Collateral Account and/or over the Collateral Assets therein. 
Affiliate means in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by 
the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or 
indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes control means ownership of a 
majority of the voting power of an entity. 
Amount Owed means in respect of a Secured Security, an amount equal to that Security's Early 
Redemption Amount minus any amounts, which have been paid in respect of that Security by the 
Guarantor prior to Enforcement. 
Applicable Grace Period means five consecutive Collateral Business Days or such other period specified 
in the Final Terms.

--- Page 836 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
836 
BNY means The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, a limited liability company and credit institution 
organised under the laws of Belgium, registered in the RPM Brussels with company number 
0806.743.159, whose registered office is at 46, Rue Montoyerstraat, B-1000 Brussels, Belgium. 
CBNA means Citibank, N.A., London Branch, in its capacity as collateral monitoring agent, security 
trustee or security agent (as applicable) and disposal agent in relation to Secured Securities. 
CEP means Citibank Europe plc (formerly, Citibank International Limited (Luxembourg branch), in its 
capacity as custodian in relation to Secured Securities. 
Charged Documents means each of the Collateral Management Agreement, the Collateral Monitoring 
Service Terms for each Eligible Collateral Monitoring Agent, the Custodian Terms for each Eligible 
Custodian, the Valuation Agency Agreement, the Disposal Agency Agreement and any applicable 
Additional Charged Document. 
Clearstream means Clearstream Banking, S.A., in its capacity as custodian and collateral monitoring 
agent in relation to Series of Secured Securities. 
Clearstream Terms means the Custodian Terms and the Collateral Monitoring Service Terms that apply 
when Clearstream is the applicable Custodian and Collateral Monitoring Agent. 
Clearstream T&Cs means the "CBL Customer Handbook" and the "Terms and Conditions", as 
published on the website of Clearstream from time to time. 
Collateral Account means the securities and/or cash account or accounts established with the Custodian 
for the purposes of safekeeping the Collateral Assets, as identified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
Where the Custodian is Euroclear, the Collateral Account will be a "Single Pledgor Pledged 
Account " comprising a pledged securities account and related cash account in the Euroclear 
System in the name of Euroclear Bank SA/NV acting in its own name but for the account of the 
Pledgee. The account will be operated by Euroclear under the terms of the Euroclear Collateral 
Service Agreement Terms and Conditions, the Euroclear Collateral Service Agreement 
Operating Procedures, the SPPA Terms and the Euroclear T&Cs, between the Pledgor, the 
Pledgee and Euroclear, and will be subject to a pledge from the Pledgor to the Pledgee.  
(b) 
Where the Custodian is Clearstream, the Collateral Account will be a pledged account 
comprising a pledged securities account and related cash account in the securities settlement 
system of Clearstream, such account to be opened in the name of the Pledgor. The account will 
be operated by Clearstream under the terms of the Collateral Management Service Agreement 
(and applicable appendices) and the Clearstream T&Cs and will be subject to a pledge from the 
Pledgor to the Pledgee. The Pledgor shall notify Clearstream upon opening the account that the 
right of re(use) by the Pledgee of the Collateral in the account shall not be permitted. 
(c) 
Where the Custodian is CEP, the Collateral Account will be a pledged account or accounts 
consisting of a pledged securities account and related cash account established with the 
Custodian in the name of the Pledgor, which account is subject to a pledge from the Pledgor to 
the Pledgee. 
(d) 
Where BNY is the Custodian, the Collateral Account will be a pledged account comprising a 
pledged securities account and related cash account in the securities settlement system of BNY, 
such account to be opened in the name of the Pledgor. The account will be operated by BNY 
under the terms of the Tri-Party Account Agreement and will be subject to a pledge from the 
Pledgor to the Pledgee. 
Collateral Adjustment Notice means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which 
Collateral Monitoring is applicable and CBNA is the Collateral Monitoring Agent, a notice sent or caused 
to be sent by the Collateral Manager to the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Custodian (copied to the 
Issuer and the Guarantor, as the case may be) in relation to a particular Collateral Pool specifying 
adjustments to be made to the Collateral Pool (including inter alia the type and quantity of any Collateral

--- Page 837 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
837 
Assets to be deposited and/or removed) and showing that the Collateral Test will be satisfied after such 
adjustments. 
Collateral Arrangement Party means the Collateral Manager, the Collateral Monitoring Agent, the 
Custodian, the Security Trustee and the Disposal Agent. 
Collateral Assets means: 
(a) 
where "Single Series Collateral Pool" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of a Series of Secured Securities, the assets (which may include cash) Delivered to the 
Custodian, and as adjusted from time to time in accordance with Secured Security Condition 
9(c), and held in the Collateral Account relating to such Series of Secured Securities; and 
(b) 
where "Multiple Series Collateral Pool" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
in respect of a Series of Secured Securities, the Series Proportion of the assets (which may 
include cash) Delivered to the Custodian and held in the Collateral Account relating to all Series 
of Secured Securities, which are together secured on the assets in that account. 
The applicable Final Terms for a Series of Secured Securities will specify either the Eligibility Criteria 
for Collateral Assets or the specific Collateral Assets to be transferred on or around the Issue Date to the 
Collateral Account, except that, as of the Issue Date, the assets transferred may be a cash amount pending 
delivery of the Collateral Asset specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Collateral Assets Entitlement means, in respect of a Placed Security in a Series of Secured Securities, 
such Placed Security's pro rata share of the Collateral Assets Series Entitlement for such Series, such pro 
rata share to be determined only by reference to the Placed Securities of the relevant Series.  The 
Collateral Assets Entitlement of a Non-Placed Security shall be zero. 
Collateral Assets Series Entitlement means, after payment has been made of all amounts due in respect 
of such Series of Secured Securities to the Secured Parties ranking prior to the holders of the Placed 
Securities in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms and liquidation 
of any Collateral Assets which are required to be realised in accordance with these Secured Security 
Conditions: 
(a) 
for a Series (Shared Collateral), the sum of (i) an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the product 
of (I) the Collateral Assets available for distribution from the Collateral Pool and (II) the Series 
Proportion for such Series, and (B) an amount of Collateral Assets with a market value equal to 
the aggregate Amount Owed for all Securities in such Series and (ii) any other amounts available 
for distribution in accordance with the Security Trust Deed following Enforcement; and 
(b) 
for a Series (Solo Collateral), the sum of (i) an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the Collateral 
Assets available for distribution from the Collateral Pool and (B) an amount of Collateral Assets 
with a market value equal to the aggregate Amount Owed for all Securities in such Series, and 
(ii) any other amounts available for distribution in accordance with the Security Trust Deed 
following Enforcement. 
Collateral Business Day means a day on which commercial banks, relevant clearing systems and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the jurisdiction of the currency in which the relevant Collateral 
Asset is denominated or as may otherwise be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Collateral Currency Screen Page means the relevant screen page specified in the applicable Final Terms 
for the purpose of determining the relevant spot exchange rate. 
Collateral Currency Specified Time means the specified time specified in the applicable Final Terms 
for the purpose of determining the relevant spot exchange rate.

--- Page 838 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
838 
Collateral Delivery Date means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities where Physical Delivery of 
Collateral Assets on Enforcement is applicable, the date on which the Security Trustee intends to Deliver 
the Collateral Assets Entitlement to the holders of the Placed Securities. 
Collateral Disruption Event means the occurrence of one of the following events: 
(a) 
the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates considers, in its sole and absolute discretion, that it: 
(i) 
is unable, as a result of any legal, contractual or other restrictions or constraints 
(including, without limitation, any laws, regulations, court orders, other governmental 
or regulatory constraints), adverse market conditions or a lack of liquidity in the market 
or otherwise, after using commercially reasonable efforts to (A) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any 
futures or option contracts it deems necessary to obtain Collateral Assets; or (B) freely 
realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such 
transactions(s) or assets(s) or futures or option contract(s) or any relevant hedge 
positions relating to the Collateral Assets; or 
(ii) 
would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the 
date on which the issue of a Series of Secured Securities is first priced) amount of tax, 
duty, expense, fee (other than brokerage commissions) or other relevant cost (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, any funding cost) to (A) acquire, borrow, substitute, or 
dispose of any Collateral Assets, (B) establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction entered into by the Issuer or any of its Affiliates 
in connection with the Collateral Assets or (C) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of 
any such Collateral Assets; 
(b) 
(i) the Issuer is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to find a suitable substitute 
or replacement Collateral Arrangement Party following the termination of the relevant 
agreement or resignation or removal for any reason of a Collateral Arrangement Party or (ii) the 
Issuer would incur costs, expenses or other liabilities in excess of those costs, expenses and 
liabilities which would have been incurred in the future but for the occurrence of the Collateral 
Disruption Event in respect of the function performed by the relevant Collateral Arrangement 
Party (unless Securityholders compensate the Issuer for the excess amount within two Business 
Days of the Issuer notifying Securityholders of the occurrence of this Collateral Disruption 
Event); 
(c) 
a Collateral Settlement Failure; or 
(d) 
a Custodian Default. 
Collateral Enforcement Notice means a notice from a holder of a Placed Security requesting that the 
security constituted by the relevant Pledge Agreement and the relevant Security Trust Deed be enforced. 
Any Collateral Enforcement Notice shall be in writing and delivered in accordance with Secured Security 
Condition 6.1 (Acceleration and Enforcement of Collateral) to the Security Trustee and copied to the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, and the Principal Paying Agent (and, if applicable, the other Paying 
Agents) and shall include such details as are necessary to establish and verify the Secured Securities held 
by the Securityholder delivering such notice. 
Collateral Enforcement Proceeds means the net proceeds of realisation of, or enforcement with respect 
to, the Collateral Assets in a Collateral Pool in respect of one or more Series of Secured Securities and 
any other amounts available for distribution following Enforcement after payment of all amounts payable 
to the Secured Parties ranking prior to the holders of the Placed Securities of the relevant Series which 
are secured on such Collateral Pool in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share means, in respect of a Placed Security of a Series, the pro rata 
share of the Collateral Enforcement Proceeds attributable to such Placed Security in such Series of

--- Page 839 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
839 
Secured Securities, subject to a maximum equal to the Amount Owed where such pro rata share will be 
calculated by reference to the Amount Owed in respect of the Placed Security divided by the aggregate 
Amount Owed in respect of each other Placed Security for a Series which is secured on the same Collateral 
Pool. 
Collateral Management Agreement means the agreement between, inter alia, Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank as Collateral Manager and the Issuers, as amended, restated and/or 
supplemented from time to time. 
Collateral Manager means Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (or any substitute or 
replacement entity appointed in respect thereof pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Management 
Agreement and/or these Secured Security Conditions) and, if applicable, any sub-agent of, or any other 
entity appointed by the Collateral Manager. 
Collateral Monitoring means the monitoring of the value of the Collateral Assets on the Issue Date and 
the Collateral Test Dates in accordance with these Secured Security Conditions, as may be specified as 
being applicable in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in the applicable Final Terms. 
Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement means the agreement between, inter alia, CBNA (as the 
Collateral Monitoring Agent) and the Pledgor, as amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to 
time, which such agreement includes, with respect to a Series of Secured Securities for which CBNA is 
the Collateral Monitoring Agent, the terms documented in the related Collateral Monitoring Issue Specific 
Terms. 
Collateral Monitoring Agent, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral 
Monitoring is applicable, means the Eligible Collateral Monitoring Agent specified as the "Collateral 
Monitoring Agent" for such Series in the applicable Final Terms, or any substitute or replacement entity 
appointed in respect thereof pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement and/or 
these Secured Security Conditions, and, if applicable, any sub-agent of, or any other entity appointed by 
the Collateral Monitoring Agent, in all cases as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of 
which Collateral Monitoring is applicable, a notice from the Collateral Monitoring Agent to the Pledgor 
providing details of why it considers that the Collateral Test is not satisfied. 
Collateral Monitoring Issue Specific Terms means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in 
respect of which Collateral Monitoring is applicable and CBNA is the Collateral Monitoring Agent, a 
document substantially in the form set out in Schedule 2 to the Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement, 
completed so as to document the Supplemental Collateral Monitoring Services to be performed in respect 
of such Series by the Collateral Monitoring Agent. 
Collateral Monitoring Service Terms means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of 
which Collateral Monitoring is applicable, the detailed terms of the collateral monitoring services to be 
provided by the applicable Collateral Monitoring Agent, in the following form: 
(a) 
where CBNA is the Collateral Monitoring Agent, the Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement; 
(b) 
where Euroclear is the Collateral Monitoring Agent, the provisions of (i) the Euroclear T&Cs, 
(ii) the "Collateral Service Agreement – Terms and Conditions (January 2018)", (iii) the 
"Collateral Service Agreement – Operating Procedures (January 2018)", (iv) the SPPA Terms 
and (v) any ancillary agreements relating thereto, in the case of (ii) to (v), as entered into between, 
inter alia, the Pledgor, and Euroclear, as may be updated, amended or replaced by agreement 
between the parties from time to time;  
(c) 
where Clearstream is the Collateral Monitoring Agent, the provisions of (i) the Clearstream 
T&Cs, (ii) the "Collateral Management Service Agreement for Collateral Givers" (July 2016 
version), together with the Appendix A thereto, between Clearstream and the Pledgor, which 
will be entered into at the time of establishment of the relevant Collateral Account, (iii) the 
"Collateral Management Service Agreement for Collateral Receivers entered into between

--- Page 840 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
840 
Clearstream and CBNA and (iv) any ancillary agreements relating thereto, in the case of (ii) and 
(iv), as these may be updated, amended or replaced by agreement between the relevant parties 
from time to time; and  
(d) 
Where BNY is the Custodian, the provisions of (i) the “custody agreement” and (ii) the "Tri-
Party Account Agreement" entered into between the Pledgor, the Pledgee and BNY, as such 
agreements as may be updated, amended or replaced by agreement between the parties from time 
to time. 
Collateral Pool means, in respect of a series of Secured Securities, the pool of Collateral Assets held in 
the Collateral Account and pledged pursuant to a Pledge Agreement.  A Collateral Pool will be either a 
Single Series Collateral Pool or a Multiple Series Collateral Pool.  Each Collateral Pool will be identified 
in with a unique identification number, as set out in the Final Terms applicable to the relevant Series of 
Secured Securities. 
Collateral Settlement Failure means, in relation to a proposed adjustment to the Collateral Pool, the 
failure to settle one or more Collateral Assets by the end of the Required Settlement Period (as extended 
in accordance with the definition thereof) and one or more External Settlement Events which triggered 
the extension of the Required Settlement Period continue to exist at the end of the Required Settlement 
Period. 
Collateral Test means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral 
Monitoring is applicable, a determination, on any day, as to whether the Collateral Value is greater than 
or equal to the Required Collateral Value on such day. 
Collateral Test Date means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral 
Monitoring is applicable, each date specified as a "Collateral Test Date" in the applicable Final Terms 
and any other date deemed to be a Collateral Test Date in accordance with these Secured Security 
Conditions. 
Collateral Transaction Documents means the Collateral Management Agreement, the Collateral 
Monitoring Service Terms for each Eligible Collateral Monitoring Agent, the Custodian Terms for each 
Eligible Custodian, the Valuation Agency Agreement, the Disposal Agency Agreement and each relevant 
Pledge Agreement and Security Trust Deed. 
Collateral Valuation Currency means Euro, except where otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Collateral Value means: 
(a) 
if "Collateral Valuation at Nominal Value" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the aggregate nominal value of the Collateral Assets constituting Eligible Collateral 
Assets (after taking into account any Haircut applied in relation thereto, as further described 
below and provided that the nominal value of any Collateral Assets comprising cash shall be the 
face amount thereof); and 
(b) 
otherwise, the aggregate value as of the relevant Valuation Point, expressed in the Collateral 
Valuation Currency, of the Eligible Collateral Assets in a Collateral Pool, in each case taking 
into account any Haircut applied in relation thereto, where the Valuation Agent will determine 
the Collateral Value on the basis of such valuation method or methods as the Valuation Agent 
may, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine in its discretion 
provided that the value of any Collateral Assets comprising cash shall be the face amount thereof. 
In either case, where the relevant currency of denomination of a Collateral Asset is other than the 
Collateral Valuation Currency, the Valuation Agent shall convert the value of such Collateral Asset at the 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate. 
Collateralisation Percentage means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which 
Collateral Monitoring is applicable, the percentage level specified as such in the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 841 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
841 
or the percentage level determined through the application of a formula specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The applicable Final Terms may specify that the Collateralisation Percentage may vary during the 
term of the Securities, after a certain date or following the occurrence of a specified event. 
CTCL means Citigroup Trustee Company Limited, in its capacity as security trustee or security agent (as 
applicable) in respect of Secured Securities. 
Custodian means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities, the Eligible Custodian specified as the 
"Custodian" for such Series in the applicable Final Terms, or any substitute or replacement entity 
appointed in respect thereof pursuant to the terms of the relevant Custodian Terms and/or these Secured 
Security Conditions) and, if applicable, any sub-custodian of, or any other entity appointed by the 
Custodian. 
Custodian Agreement means the amended and restated custodian agreement between, inter alia, CEP 
and the Issuers dated on or about 7 May 2021, as further amended, restated and/or supplemented from 
time to time, governed by the laws of Luxembourg. 
Custodian Default means the occurrence of one of the following events: (a) a failure by the Custodian 
to comply with or perform any agreement or obligation to be complied with or performed by it in 
accordance with the relevant Custodian Terms where such failure is continuing after any applicable grace 
period has elapsed, (b) the expiration or termination of the relevant Custodian Terms in circumstances 
where the Custodian is not replaced or the failing or ceasing of the relevant Custodian Terms to be in full 
force and effect or (c) the Custodian challenges the validity of, or disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or 
rejects, in whole or in part, the relevant Custodian Terms (or such action is taken by any person or entity 
appointed or empowered to operate it or act on its behalf). 
Custodian Terms means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities, the detailed terms of the custodial 
services to be provided by the applicable Custodian, documented by the following: 
(a) 
where CEP is the Custodian, the Custodian Agreement; 
(b) 
where Euroclear is the Custodian, the provisions of (i) the Euroclear T&Cs and (ii) the SPPA 
Terms, entered into between the Pledgor, the Pledgee and Euroclear, as such SPPA Terms may 
be updated, amended or replaced by agreement between the parties from time to time;  
(c) 
where Clearstream is the Custodian, the provisions of (i) the "Clearstream Service Terms", (ii) 
the "Collateral Management Service Agreement for Collateral Givers" (July 2016 version) 
between Clearstream and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and (iii) the Collateral 
Management Service Agreement for Collateral Receiver between Clearstream and CBNA, in the 
case of (ii) and (iii), as may be updated, amended or replaced by agreement between the parties 
from time to time; and  
(d) 
where BNY is the Custodian, the provisions of (i) the "custody agreement" and (ii) the "Tri-Party 
Account Agreement" entered into between the Pledgor, the Pledgee and BNY, in each case as 
such agreements as may be updated, amended or replaced by agreement between the parties from 
time to time. 
Deliver means, in respect of any Collateral Asset forming part of a Collateral Assets Entitlement, to 
deliver, novate, transfer, assign or sell, as appropriate, in a manner customary for the settlement of the 
applicable Collateral Asset (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking any 
other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title and interest in the Collateral Asset to the holders 
of the Placed Securities free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances. Delivery 
and Delivered will be construed accordingly. 
Disposal Agency Agreement means the agreement between, inter alia, the Disposal Agent and the 
Issuers, as amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time.

--- Page 842 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
842 
Disposal Agent means CBNA (or any substitute or replacement entity appointed in respect thereof 
pursuant to the terms of the Disposal Agency Agreement and/or these Secured Security Conditions) and, 
if applicable, any sub-agent of, or any other entity appointed by the Disposal Agent. 
Early Redemption Amount means, in relation to a Secured Security: 
(a) 
if Nominal Amount is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the aggregate nominal amount 
outstanding of the Security; or 
(b) 
if Fair Market Value Redemption Amount is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, its Fair 
Market Value Redemption Amount determined in accordance with General Condition 6.8 
(Redemption Amounts), 
provided that if: 
(i) 
Order of Priority is specified as applicable in the Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Event is as a result of a default of the Issuer or the Guarantor; 
and 
(iii) 
the Hedge Amount determined under General Condition 6.8 is a positive amount, 
then in the determination of the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount, the Hedge Amount shall be 
subject to a maximum amount equal to A x B where A is equal to the Liquidation Proceeds minus items 
(a), (b) and (c) of the Order of Priority (or where the applicable Series is a Series (Shared Collateral), the 
Series Proportion of an amount equal to the Liquidation Proceeds minus items (a), (b) and (c) of the Order 
of Priority and B is equal to HA/(HA+PAR) where HA is the Hedge Amount before the adjustment and 
PAR is the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities. 
Eligible Collateral Monitoring Agents means CBNA, Euroclear, Clearstream and BNY. 
Eligible Custodians means CEP, Euroclear, Clearstream and BNY or such other custodian or account 
bank as is specified for the relevant Collateral Pool in the applicable Final Terms. 
Eligible Security Agents means CTCL and CBNA. 
Eligible Security Trustees means CTCL and CBNA. 
Eligibility Criteria means, subject as provided below, in relation to a series of Secured Securities to 
which Collateral Monitoring is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and with respect to a 
Collateral Asset other than cash, the eligibility criteria specified in the applicable Final Terms relating to 
a Series of Secured Securities which must be satisfied for Collateral Assets to constitute Eligible 
Collateral Assets. The Eligibility Criteria may be, amongst others, that: 
(a) 
the obligor in respect of the relevant Collateral Asset operates in any of the Industry Sectors 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
the obligor in respect of that Collateral Asset is incorporated in any of the jurisdictions specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (each, a Jurisdiction of Incorporation); 
(c) 
the obligor in respect of the relevant Collateral Asset has, at the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, such credit ratings as are specified in the relevant Final Terms (the Relevant 
Rating); 
(d) 
the aggregate amount outstanding in respect of the asset comprising the Collateral Asset is an 
amount not less than any minimum amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (the Minimum 
Outstanding Amount) and an amount not greater than any maximum amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the Maximum Outstanding Amount); 
(e) 
the relevant Collateral Asset is denominated in a Relevant Currency;

--- Page 843 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
843 
(f) 
the relevant Collateral Asset is eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem (ECB Eligible); 
(g) 
the relevant Collateral Asset has such ranking(s) (Collateral Asset Ranking(s)) relevant to the 
debt obligations of the obligor in respect of the relevant Collateral Asset as are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(h) 
the relevant Collateral Asset is listed on one of the exchanges (Listed) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if "Any Exchange" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Collateral Asset 
is listed on any exchange; 
(i) 
the time remaining to maturity of the relevant Collateral Asset is, at the relevant date, not less 
than the minimum time to maturity specified in the relevant Final Terms (the Minimum Time 
to Maturity) and/or not greater than the maximum time to maturity specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (the Maximum Time to Maturity); 
(j) 
when taken together with the other Collateral Assets in the applicable Collateral Pool, the 
relevant Collateral Asset would not breach such concentration limit(s) as are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the Concentration Limits); and 
(k) 
the relevant Collateral Asset is of a type (UCITS Eligible) that is eligible, as of the Issue Date 
of the Securities, to be included in the assets of an undertaking for collective investment in 
transferable securities (a UCITS) complying with UCITS IV (being the Directive 2009/65/EC 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 July 2009 on the coordination of laws, 
regulations and administrative provisions relating to undertakings for collective investment in 
transferable securities, as transposed into French law in the French Code monétaire et financier). 
If any of the above Eligibility Criteria is not specified in the Final Terms, it shall be deemed not to apply. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Only Initial Collateral Assets are Eligible" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the only Collateral Assets that will be deemed to meet the Eligibility Criteria will be those 
that are of the same type as the Collateral Assets that were Delivered to the Custodian on the Issue Date. 
Eligible Collateral Assets means, in relation to a series of Secured Securities to which Collateral 
Monitoring is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the assets specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, denominated in a Relevant Currency and which satisfy the Eligibility Criteria.  
Enforcement means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities, the taking of any step by the Security 
Trustee and/or the Pledgee to enforce the security constituted by related Security Trust Deed and/or the 
Pledge Agreement, respectively. 
Euroclear means Euroclear Bank SA/NV, in its capacity as custodian and collateral monitoring agent in 
relation to Secured Securities. 
Euroclear Terms means the Custodian Terms and the Collateral Monitoring Service Terms that apply 
when Euroclear is the applicable Custodian and Collateral Monitoring Agent. 
Euroclear T&Cs means the "Terms and Conditions Governing the Use of Euroclear" and the "Operating 
Procedures of the Euroclear System", as published on the website of Euroclear from time to time. 
External Settlement Event means, in respect of the settlement of Collateral Assets pursuant to 
adjustments to the Collateral Pool, an event beyond the control of the Pledgor or the Collateral Monitoring 
Agent (including, but not limited to, as a result of a failure or inability of the relevant clearing system to 
clear the relevant Collateral Assets), as a result of which event the adjustments to be made to the Collateral 
Pool have not been settled by the expiration of the Required Settlement Period. 
Haircut means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in relation to a Series of Secured 
Securities for which Collateral Monitoring is applicable, and in respect of a type of Collateral Asset, (a) 
the percentage rate by which the value of such type of Collateral Asset contained in a Collateral Pool is

--- Page 844 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
844 
discounted, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (b) where "ECB Rate" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the percentage rate by which the value of such type of Collateral Asset 
would be discounted by the European Central Bank if it were to be used as collateral in Eurosystem 
market operations, or (c) where "LCH Rate" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
percentage rate by which value of such type of Collateral Asset would be discounted by LCH Ltd if used 
in connection with securities posted as initial margin cover for business cleared, as specified in the Margin 
Collateral Haircut Schedule published LCH Ltd from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
applicable Final Terms may specify one Haircut rate per type or class of Collateral Asset. 
Industry Sector means, in respect of an entity, any of the following industries in which that entity 
operates: Aerospace and Defence; automobile; banking; beverage, food and tobacco; buildings and real 
estate; chemicals, plastics and rubber; containers, packaging and glass; personal and non-durable 
consumer 
products 
(manufacturing 
only); 
diversified/conglomerate 
manufacturing; 
diversified/conglomerate service; diversified natural resources, precious metals; ecological; electronics; 
finance; farming and agriculture; grocery; healthcare, education and childcare; home and office 
furnishings, housewares and durable consumer products; hotels, motels, inns and gaming; insurance; 
leisure, amusement, entertainment; machinery (non-agriculture, non-construction, non-electronic); 
mining, steel, iron and non-precious metals; oil and gas; personal, food and miscellaneous; printing and 
publishing; cargo transport; retail stores; telecommunications; textiles and leather; personal 
transportation; utilities; broadcasting and entertainment; sovereign and supranational. 
Liability means, for the purposes of these Secured Security Conditions, any loss, damage, cost, charge, 
claim, demand, expense, judgment, action, proceeding or other liability whatsoever (including, without 
limitation, in respect of taxes, duties, levies, imposts and other charges) and including any value added 
tax or similar tax charged or chargeable in respect thereof and legal fees and expenses on a full indemnity 
basis (and Liabilities shall be construed accordingly). 
Max(MV, NV) Collateralisation Amount means the amount of collateral required in respect of a Series 
of Secured Securities for which "Max(MV, NV) Collateralisation" is the applicable Type of 
Collateralisation, being an amount equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
an amount equal to the product of (1) the Collateralisation Percentage, (2) the Secured Security 
Market Value of the relevant Series of Secured Securities and (3) the number of Placed Securities 
in such Series of Secured Securities; and 
(b) 
an amount equal to the product of (1) the Collateralisation Percentage and (2) the total aggregate 
nominal amount of the Placed Securities of the relevant Series of Secured Securities. 
Maximum Extension Period means 60 Collateral Business Days unless specified otherwise in the Final 
Terms. 
Minimum Transfer Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Min(MV, NV) Collateralisation Amount means the amount of collateral required in respect of a Series 
of Secured Securities for which "Min(MV, NV) Collateralisation" is the applicable Type of 
Collateralisation, being an amount equal to the lesser of: 
(a) 
an amount equal to the product of (i) the Collateralisation Percentage, (ii) the Secured Security 
Market Value of the relevant Series of Secured Securities and (iii) the number of Placed 
Securities in such Series of Secured Securities; and 
(b) 
the product of (i) the Collateralisation Percentage and (ii) the total aggregate nominal amount of 
the Placed Securities of the relevant Series of Secured Securities. 
MV Collateralisation Amount means the amount of collateral required in respect of a Series of Secured 
Securities for which "MV Collateralisation" is the applicable Type of Collateralisation, being an amount 
equal to the product of (a) the Collateralisation Percentage, (b) the Secured Security Market Value of the 
Secured Securities for the relevant Series of Secured Securities and (c) the number of Placed Securities 
in such Series of Secured Securities.

--- Page 845 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
845 
Non-Placed Security and Non-Placed Securities shall have the meaning given to it in Secured Security 
Condition 4.6. 
NV Collateralisation Amount means the amount of collateral required in respect of a Series of Secured 
Securities for which "NV Collateralisation" is the applicable Type of Collateralisation, being an amount 
equal to the product of (a) the Collateralisation Percentage and (b) the total aggregate nominal amount of 
the Placed Securities of the relevant Series of Secured Securities. 
Order of Priority means, in relation to a Series of Securities, the order specified in the applicable Final 
Terms by which the Security Trustee shall apply the Collateral Assets (or the proceeds thereof) and any 
other amounts in respect of the Collateral Assets (or the proceeds thereof) or the Charged Documents 
received (the Liquidation Proceeds) following Enforcement in accordance with Secured Security 
Condition 6 (Acceleration, Enforcement and Realisation). The Order of Priority may be the Standard 
Order of Priority (as defined below) or any alternative order of item (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f) and (g) below, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
payment or satisfaction of all Liabilities incurred by or payable to the Security Trustee or, where 
applicable, the Disposal Agent (which shall include any taxes required to be paid, the costs of 
realising any security (including the distribution of enforcement proceeds and/or, where Physical 
Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement is applicable, Delivery of the Collateral Assets 
Entitlement to the holder of the related Placed Securities) and the remuneration of the Security 
Trustee or any appointee of the Security Trustee or, where applicable, the Disposal Agent), in 
each case to the extent it relates to the applicable Series of Secured Securities and any other 
Series of Secured Securities which are secured by the same Collateral Pool; 
(b) 
in payment of any amounts due to be paid or reimbursed to the Custodian by the Issuer, in each 
case to the extent it relates to the applicable Series of Secured Securities and any other Series of 
Secured Securities which are secured by the same Collateral Pool; 
(c) 
payment of any amounts due to be paid or reimbursed to the Collateral Monitoring Agent by the 
Issuer, in each case to the extent it relates to the applicable Series of Secured Securities and any 
other Series of Secured Securities which are secured by the same Collateral Pool; 
(d) 
on a pro rata and pari passu basis, in payment of the Amount Owed in respect of each Placed 
Security of any Series which is secured by the same Collateral Pool; 
(e) 
pro rata in payment of any amounts owed to the creditors (if any) whose claims have arisen as 
a result of the creation, operation or liquidation of the Collateral Assets (save to the extent that 
the claims of any such creditor fall within paragraphs (a) to (d) above); 
(f) 
where "Third Party Security" is applicable, payment to the Third Party Chargor of an amount 
equal to the value of the Collateral Assets that were Delivered to the Custodian by the Third 
Party Chargor in accordance with the Pledge Agreement; and 
(g) 
payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer; 
where the "Standard Order of Priority" means that the Order of Priority shall follow the order (a), (b), 
(c), (d), (e), (f) and (g) specified above. 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event means any event beyond the control of the 
Issuer, the Collateral Manager or the Security Trustee as a result of which the Relevant Clearing System 
(as defined in the applicable Final Terms) cannot Deliver some or all of the Collateral Assets Entitlement 
required to be Delivered pursuant to the terms of these Secured Security Conditions. 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement means, if specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that upon Enforcement, the Security Trustee will not sell, or cause to be sold, the 
Collateral Assets (unless there is a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event and other than 
in order to pay any amounts payable to the Secured Parties ranking prior to the holders of the Placed 
Securities in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms) but will instead

--- Page 846 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
846 
Deliver or cause to be Delivered the Collateral Assets Entitlement (after, for the avoidance of doubt, 
payment has been made of all amounts due in respect of such Securities to the Secured Parties ranking 
prior to the holders of the Placed Securities in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) to each holder of the Placed Securities in the manner set out in Secured Security 
Condition 6.8 (Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement). 
Placed Security and Placed Securities shall have the meaning given to it in Secured Security Condition 
4.6. 
Pledge Agreement means, in respect of a Series of Secured Securities, a pledge agreement between, inter 
alia, the Pledgor and the Security Trustee, creating security over Collateral Assets contained in one or 
more Collateral Accounts in favour of the Pledgee and, if any Collateral Assets are secured by way of a 
different security interest, any Additional Security Document. When the Pledge Agreement relates to a 
Series (Shared Collateral), the Pledge Agreement may be supplemented from time to time where 
necessary to extend the benefit of the Pledge Agreement to other Series or Tranches of Secured Securities 
that are secured by the same Collateral Pool. 
Pledgee means, in respect of a Series of Secures Securities, the Security Trustee for such Series. 
Pledgor means, in respect of a Series of Secures Securities, the relevant Issuer and, where Third Party 
Security is applicable for such Series) the relevant Third Party Chargor. 
Pre-Enforcement Payment Period means the period of 14 Business Days (or such other number of 
Business Days as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) from and including the date on which 
a Secured Security Acceleration Event occurs. 
Relevant Currency means any one of the currencies specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate means the rate displayed on the Collateral Currency Screen Page at the 
Collateral Currency Specified Time or, if no such Collateral Currency Screen Page is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or such Collateral Currency Screen Page is not available, the relevant spot rate 
shall be the rate determined by the Valuation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, at such time as the Valuation Agent may, in its discretion, select. 
Required Collateral Default means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which 
Collateral Monitoring is applicable: 
(a) 
where CBNA is the applicable Collateral Monitoring Agent, the Pledgor fails to transfer the 
additional necessary Collateral Assets within the Required Settlement Period and such failure 
results in the Collateral Test not being satisfied for the Applicable Grace Period following the 
end of such Required Settlement Period (when determining whether the Collateral Test has been 
so satisfied, only Collateral Assets which have actually been transferred to the relevant Collateral 
Account shall be taken into account); 
(b) 
where Euroclear is the applicable Collateral Monitoring Agent, following a notification by the 
Collateral Monitoring Agent that, on any day, there is a shortfall in the Collateral Value when 
measured against the Required Collateral Value on such day, the Pledgor fails to transfer (if 
AutoSelect Processing is not in effect) or make available (if AutoSelect Processing is in effect) 
the additional necessary Collateral Assets within the Required Settlement Period and such failure 
results in the Collateral Test not being satisfied for the Applicable Grace Period following the 
end of such Required Settlement Period (when determining whether the Collateral Test has been 
so satisfied, only Collateral Assets which have actually been transferred to the relevant Collateral 
Account shall be taken into account); or 
(c) 
where Clearstream or BNY is the applicable Collateral Monitoring Agent, following a 
notification by the Collateral Monitoring Agent that, on any day, there is a shortfall in the 
Collateral Value when measured against the Required Collateral Value on such day, the Pledgor 
fails to transfer the additional necessary Collateral Assets within the Required Settlement Period 
and such failure results in the Collateral Test not being satisfied for the Applicable Grace Period

--- Page 847 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
847 
following the end of such Required Settlement Period (when determining whether the Collateral 
Test has been so satisfied, only Collateral Assets which have actually been transferred to the 
relevant Collateral Account shall be taken into account). 
Required Collateral Default Notice means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of 
which Collateral Monitoring is applicable, a notice from the Collateral Monitoring Agent to, inter alia, 
the Pledgor, the Custodian (if not the same entity) and the Security Trustee, specifying that a Required 
Collateral Default has occurred.  Where the Collateral Monitoring Agent is Euroclear or Clearstream, the 
notice from the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall not constitute a Required Collateral Default Notice 
until the Maximum Extension Period, if relevant, and the Applicable Grace Period have expired. 
Required Collateral Value means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral Monitoring is 
applicable: 
(i) 
where "Single Series Collateral Pool" is applicable: 
(A) 
if "MV Collateralisation" is specified as the applicable Type of 
Collateralisation in the applicable Final Terms, the MV Collateralisation 
Amount; 
(B) 
if "NV Collateralisation" is specified as the applicable Type of 
Collateralisation in the applicable Final Terms, the NV Collateralisation 
Amount; 
(C) 
if "Min(MV, NV) Collateralisation" is specified as the applicable Type of 
Collateralisation in the applicable Final Terms, the Min(MV, NV) 
Collateralisation Amount; and 
(D) 
if "Max(MV, NV) Collateralisation" is specified as the applicable Type of 
Collateralisation in the applicable Final Terms, the Max(MV, NV) 
Collateralisation Amount; or 
(ii) 
where "Multiple Series Collateral Pool" is applicable, the sum of the amount calculated 
for each Series of Secured Securities that shares the Collateral Pool, equal to: 
(A) 
where the applicable Type of Collateralisation for the Collateral Pool is "MV 
Collateralisation", the MV Collateralisation Amount calculated for each such 
Series; 
(B) 
where the applicable Type of Collateralisation for the Collateral Pool is "NV 
Collateralisation", the NV Collateralisation Amount calculated for each such 
Series; 
(C) 
where the applicable Type of Collateralisation for the Collateral Pool is 
"Min(MV, NV) Collateralisation", the Min(MV, NV) Collateralisation 
Amount calculated for each such Series; and 
(D) 
where the applicable Type of Collateralisation for the Collateral Pool is 
"Max(MV, NV) Collateralisation", the Max(MV, NV) Collateralisation 
Amount calculated for each such Series; or 
(b) 
in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral Monitoring is not 
applicable, the relevant value of Collateral Assets specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Required Settlement Period means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which 
Collateral Monitoring is applicable, the customary required period for settlement of the Collateral Assets 
relating to the adjustments to be made to a Collateral Pool. The Required Settlement Period may, at the

--- Page 848 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
848 
option of the Pledgor, be extended up to the Maximum Extension Period where an External Settlement 
Event has occurred and is continuing. During such Maximum Extension period, the Pledgor may propose 
the replacement of the affected Collateral Assets by other Collateral Assets complying with the Eligibility 
Criteria, or propose any other relevant measures so that the Collateral Test will be satisfied. 
Secured Obligations has the meaning given to it in Secured Security Condition 3.1. 
Secured Parties means, in respect of a Series of Secured Securities, the parties referred to in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (e) (inclusive) of the definition of Order of Priority (each, a Secured Party) unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. Holders of Non-Placed Securities shall not be a Secured 
Party in respect of such Non-Placed Securities. 
Secured Security Acceleration Event means that a holder of a Placed Security has delivered a valid 
Secured Security Acceleration Notice. 
Secured Security Acceleration Notice means a notice delivered by a holder of any Placed Security in 
respect of which a Secured Security Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, specifying that the 
Securities of such Series held by it are immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount 
(or, where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that such Secured Securities will be subject to settlement in accordance with 
Secured Security Condition 6.8), and includes, in respect of a Secured Security Event of Default under 
limb (a) of the definition, a written notice delivered by a Securityholder to the relevant Issuer in 
accordance with General Condition 10. Any Secured Security Acceleration Notice shall be in writing and 
delivered to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent (and, if applicable, the other 
Paying Agents) and the Security Trustee and shall include such details as are necessary to establish and 
verify the Secured Securities held by the Securityholder delivering such notice.   
Where such Series is a Series (Shared Collateral), the Secured Security Acceleration Notice shall be 
deemed automatically served in respect of the Securities of each other Series (Shared Collateral) that is 
secured on the same Collateral Pool. 
Secured Security Event of Default means, in relation to a Secured Security, the occurrence of any one 
or more of the following events: 
(a) 
an Event of Default has occurred in accordance with any of General Conditions 10(a) to 10(d); 
(b) 
an Event of Default has occurred in respect of a different Series of Secured Securities that is 
secured on the same Collateral Pool as the relevant Secured Security; 
(c) 
delivery by the Collateral Monitoring Agent of a Required Collateral Default Notice; or 
(d) 
a failure by the Issuer or any Third Party Chargor to comply with or perform any agreement or 
obligation to be complied with or performed by it in accordance with any Security Trust Deed 
or Pledge Agreement if such failure is continuing after any applicable grace period has elapsed, 
the expiration or termination of such Security Trust Deed or Pledge Agreement or the failing or 
ceasing of such Security Trust Deed or Pledge Agreement, or any security granted by the Issuer 
or any Third Party Chargor, to be in full force and effect prior to the satisfaction of all the 
obligations of such party under these Secured Security Conditions or the Issuer or any Third 
Party Chargor disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the 
validity of, such Security Trust Deed or Pledge Agreement (or such action is taken by any person 
or entity appointed or empowered to operate it or act on its behalf). 
Secured Security Market Value means, in respect of a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which 
Collateral Monitoring is applicable and in relation to which "MV Collateralisation", "Min(MV, NV) 
Collateralisation" or "Max(MV, NV) Collateralisation" is applicable, the amount determined by the 
Valuation Agent as the market value applicable to each relevant Placed Security of such Series of Secured 
Securities as of the Valuation Point and shall be calculated on the basis of such valuation method as the 
Valuation Agent may, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and in accordance 
with the terms of the Valuation Agency Agreement, determine in its discretion.

--- Page 849 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
849 
Security Agency Agreement means a security agency agreement governed by French law and entered 
into by the Security Agent and the Issuer on the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms for a 
Series of Secured Securities. 
Security Agent means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities which are French Law Securities, the 
Eligible Security Agent specified as the "Security Agent" for such Series in the applicable Final Terms 
(or any substitute or replacement entity appointed in respect thereof pursuant to the terms of the relevant 
Security Agency Agreement and/or these Secured Security Conditions). 
Security Trust Deed means a security trust deed governed by English law and entered into by the 
Security Trustee and the Issuer on the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Series of 
Secured Securities. 
Security Trustee means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities, the Eligible Security Trustee 
specified as the "Security Trustee" for such Series in the applicable Final Terms (or any substitute or 
replacement entity appointed in respect thereof pursuant to the terms of the relevant Security Trust Deed 
and/or these Secured Security Conditions). 
Series Proportion means, in respect of a Series of Secured Securities for which "Multiple Series 
Collateral Pool" is applicable, a fraction equal to (a) the Applicable Collateralisation Amount calculated 
for such Series of Secured Securities, divided by (b) the aggregate of the Applicable Collateralisation 
Amount calculated for each Series of Secured Securities that is secured by the same Collateral Pool, for 
which calculations the Collateralisation Percentage will be 100% and the Applicable Collateralisation 
Amount to be calculated as described above will be: 
(a) 
where the applicable Type of Collateralisation for the Collateral Pool is "MV Collateralisation", 
the MV Collateralisation Amount; 
(b) 
where the applicable Type of Collateralisation for the Collateral Pool is "NV Collateralisation", 
the NV Collateralisation Amount; 
(c) 
where the applicable Type of Collateralisation for the Collateral Pool is "Min(MV, NV) 
Collateralisation", the Min(MV, NV) Collateralisation Amount; and 
(d) 
where the applicable Type of Collateralisation for the Collateral Pool is "Max(MV, NV) 
Collateralisation", the Max(MV, NV) Collateralisation Amount. 
Series (Shared Collateral) has the definition given in Secured Security Condition 4.2(b). 
Series (Solo Collateral) has the definition given in Secured Security Condition 4.2(a). 
SPPA Terms means the "Single Pledgor Pledged Account (Pledgee's Representative version) Terms and 
Conditions (as amended by the "Amendment Agreement to Collateral Service Agreement and Single 
Pledgor Pledge Account Terms and Conditions - EB account two way distribution – Pledgee 
Representative"), governing a pledged custody account held with Euroclear. 
Supplemental Collateral Monitoring Services means with respect to a Series of Secured Securities in 
respect of which Collateral Monitoring is applicable and CBNA, is the Collateral Monitoring Agent, the 
services to be performed in respect of such Series by the Collateral Monitoring Agent, in addition to the 
general services set forth in Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement. 
Third Party Bidder means any party identified as such in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of 
Secured Security Condition 6.6. 
Third Party Chargor has the meaning given to it in Secured Security Condition 4.8. 
Third Party Security has the meaning given to it in Secured Security Condition 4.8.

--- Page 850 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
850 
Type of Collateralisation means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which 
Collateral Monitoring is applicable, one of the following: "MV Collateralisation", "NV Collateralisation", 
"Min(MV, NV) Collateralisation" or "Max(MV, NV) Collateralisation" as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Undeliverable Collateral Assets means Collateral Assets which either the Security Trustee or any agent 
acting on its behalf, as the case may be, is unable to Deliver in accordance with Secured Security 
Condition 6.9 due to the occurrence of a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event. 
Valuation Agency Agreement means the agreement between, inter alia, Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank as Valuation Agent and the Issuer as such agreement is amended, restated and/or 
supplemented from time to time; or if the Valuation Agent has delegated the valuation services in respect 
of some or all relevant valuations, such other valuation terms contained in any other Collateral 
Transaction Document. 
Valuation Agent means Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (or any substitute or 
replacement entity appointed in respect thereof pursuant to the terms of the Valuation Agency Agreement 
and/or these Secured Security Conditions) and, if applicable, any sub-agent of, or any other entity to 
whom Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank has delegated valuation services. 
Valuation Point means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Collateral Business 
Day immediately preceding the Issue Date or the relevant Collateral Test Date, as the case may be, or, if 
a valuation of the relevant Collateral Asset or Secured Security, as applicable, is not available on such 
date, the date of the last available valuation of such Collateral Asset or Secured Security. 
3 
GENERAL 
3.1 
Security Trustee and Security Agent  
In relation to each Series of Secured Securities other than French Law Securities, the applicable Security 
Trustee shall undertake the duties of a security trustee in respect of the Secured Securities as set out below 
and in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Pledge Agreement and in the relevant Security Trust Deed; 
and the expression "Security Trustee" shall, in relation to the relevant Secured Securities, include any 
substitute or replacement entity appointed respectively as Security Trustee in respect thereof pursuant to 
the terms of the relevant Security Trust Deed. 
In relation to each Series of Secured Securities, the Security Trustee will enter into a Security Trust Deed. 
Under the terms of the Security Trust Deed: 
(a) 
the Issuer will covenant that it will duly and punctually pay or discharge its obligations in respect 
of the Series of Secured Securities to which the Security Trust Deed relates and under the 
Collateral Transaction Documents (the Secured Obligations) and that it will punctually pay to 
the Security Trustee amounts equal to and in the same currency as any Secured Obligations as 
and when they fall due for payment, so that the Security Trustee will be the obligee of such 
covenant and may claim performance of such covenant in its own name and not only as agent, 
representative or trustee acting on behalf of the Secured Parties; and 
(b) 
the Security Trustee will hold the rights granted to it under the Security Trust Deed and the 
relevant Pledge Agreement on trust for itself, the Securityholders and the other relevant Secured 
Parties. 
In relation to each Series of Secured Securities which are French Law Securities, the applicable Security 
Agent shall undertake the duties of a security agent in respect of the Secured Securities as set out below 
and in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Pledge Agreement and in the relevant Security Agency 
Agreement; and the expression Security Agent shall, in relation to the relevant Secured Securities, 
include any substitute or replacement entity appointed respectively as Security Agent in respect thereof 
pursuant to the terms of the relevant Security Agency Agreement.

--- Page 851 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
851 
In relation to each Series of Secured Securities which are French Law Securities, the Security Agent will 
enter into a Security Agency Agreement. Under the terms of the Security Agency Agreement: 
(a) 
the Security Agent will be appointed as security agent, pursuant to articles 2488-6 to 2488-12 of 
the French Civil Code or articles 1984 et seq. of the French Civil Code (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), by the Securityholders, in order to create, manage and enforce the 
security created pursuant to the relevant Pledge Agreement; 
(b) 
the Issuer will covenant that it will duly and punctually pay or discharge its obligations in respect 
of the Series of Secured Securities to which the Security Agency Agreement relates and under 
the Collateral Transaction Documents (the Secured Obligations) and that it will punctually pay 
to the Security Agent amounts equal to and in the same currency as any Secured Obligations as 
and when they fall due for payment, so that the Security Agent will be the obligee of such 
covenant and may claim performance of such covenant in its own name and as agent or 
representative acting on behalf of the Secured Parties; and 
(c) 
the Security Trustee will hold the rights granted to it under the Security Agency Agreement and 
the relevant Pledge Agreement for itself and for or on behalf of the Securityholders and the other 
relevant Secured Parties. 
In relation to each Series of Securities which are French Law Securities, any reference in these Secured 
Security Conditions: 
− 
to the Security Trustee will be deemed to be replaced by a reference to the Security Agent acting for 
itself and for or on behalf (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the Securityholders and the 
other relevant Secured Parties;  
− 
to an Eligible Security Trustee or Eligible Security Trustees will be deemed to be replaced by a 
reference to an Eligible Security Agent or Eligible Security Agents, respectively; and  
to the Security Trust Deed will be deemed to be a reference to the Security Agency Agreement. 
3.2 
Collateral Manager 
In relation to each Series of Secured Securities where Collateral Monitoring applies, Credit Agricole CIB 
shall render collateral management services to the Issuer with respect to the selection, acquisition, and 
modification of, and adjustments to, the composition of the Collateral Assets, some of which services 
may be delegated to the Collateral Monitoring Agent. 
3.3 
Collateral Monitoring Agent 
For each Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral Monitoring is applicable, the Eligible 
Collateral Monitoring Agent specified as the "Collateral Monitoring Agent" in the applicable Final Terms, 
which may be CBNA, Euroclear, Clearstream, BNY or another entity, in each case appointed pursuant to 
the relevant Collateral Monitoring Service Terms to undertake the duties of Collateral Monitoring Agent 
in respect of such Series of Secured Securities, as set out in these Secured Security Conditions, in the 
applicable Final Terms and in the relevant Collateral Monitoring Service Terms. The expression 
"Collateral Monitoring Agent" shall, in relation to the relevant Secured Securities, include any substitute 
or replacement entity appointed as Collateral Monitoring Agent in respect thereof pursuant to the terms 
of the relevant Collateral Monitoring Service Terms. 
The role of the Collateral Monitoring Agent is to monitor whether the Collateral Test is satisfied and send 
any relevant notices. Where the Collateral Monitoring Agent for a Series of Secured Securities is 
Euroclear, Clearstream, or BNY the Collateral Value of the Collateral Assets shall, unless specified 
otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, be determined by the Collateral Monitoring Agent pursuant to 
the relevant Collateral Monitoring Service Terms and the Valuation Agent shall have no obligation to 
determine the relevant values.

--- Page 852 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
852 
3.4 
Custodian 
In relation to each Series of Secured Securities, the Eligible Custodian specified as the "Custodian" in the 
applicable Final Terms, which may be CEP, Euroclear, Clearstream or BNY, in each case appointed 
pursuant to its relevant Custodian Terms, to provide the pledged account for holding the Collateral Assets 
in relation to such Series of Secured Securities, as set out in these Secured Security Conditions, in the 
applicable Final Terms and in the relevant Custodian Terms. The expression "Custodian" shall, in relation 
to the relevant Secured Securities, include any substitute or replacement entity appointed respectively as 
Custodian in respect thereof pursuant to the terms of the relevant Custodian Terms. 
3.5 
Valuation Agent 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank shall undertake the duties of Valuation Agent as set out 
in these Secured Conditions, in the applicable Final Terms and in the Valuation Agency Agreement, in 
respect of each Series of Secured Securities for which CEP is the Custodian.  The expression "Valuation 
Agent" shall, in relation to the relevant Secured Securities, include any substitute or replacement entity 
appointed respectively as Valuation Agent in respect thereof pursuant to the terms of the relevant 
Valuation Agency Agreement. 
The Valuation Agent will also undertake such duties where "Alternative Valuation" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and the Valuation Agent is specified as being the specified delegate or source for 
valuing some or all of the Collateral Assets in the Collateral Account. 
The Valuation Agent may delegate the duties of determining all or some relevant valuations to the 
Collateral Monitoring Agent or a third entity, if so specified in the Final Terms. 
3.6 
Disposal Agent 
CBNA shall, undertake the duties of Disposal Agent in respect of each Series of Secured Securities, as 
set out in these Secured Security Conditions, in the applicable Final Terms and in the Disposal Agency 
Agreement. The expression "Disposal Agent" shall, in relation to the relevant Secured Securities, include 
any substitute or replacement entity appointed respectively as Disposal Agent in respect thereof pursuant 
to the terms of the relevant Disposal Agency Agreement. 
Under the Disposal Agency Agreement, the Disposal Agent may dispose of all or some of the Collateral 
Assets on behalf of and only when instructed to do so by the Security Trustee in accordance with the 
Security Trust Deed. 
3.7 
Termination and Replacement 
(a) 
Other than the Clearstream Terms and the Euroclear Terms, each of the Collateral Transaction 
Documents contain, or will contain, provisions for the termination of such agreement and, as the 
case may be, the removal or replacement of the role of the relevant Collateral Arrangement Party 
appointed thereunder. Any such termination, removal and/or replacement will be effected in 
accordance with the provisions of such agreements and these Secured Security Conditions and 
may be effected without the consent of Securityholders. No such termination or removal shall be 
effective until a replacement entity has been validly appointed. The Issuer shall be required to 
give notice to Securityholders of any such termination, removal and/or replacement in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(b) 
The Clearstream Terms and Euroclear Terms each contain provisions for the termination of the 
agreement documented thereunder. Any such termination will be effected in accordance with 
their respective provisions and these Secured Security Conditions, and may be effected without 
the consent of Securityholders. If so terminated, the Collateral Manager will first use its 
reasonable endeavours to find a replacement entity which is prepared to act on terms 
substantively similar to the existing arrangement with Clearstream or Euroclear, as applicable or 
if it is unable to do so by the end of the relevant notice period for termination, the Pledgor will 
seek to appoint CBNA as Collateral Monitoring Agent. The Issuer shall be required to give notice

--- Page 853 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
853 
to Securityholders of any such termination and replacement in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices). 
(c) 
Any reference to a Collateral Arrangement Party in these Secured Security Conditions shall be 
deemed to include a reference to any entity appointed as a replacement thereof pursuant to the 
terms of the relevant agreement, a replacement agreement on equivalent terms and/or these 
Secured Security Conditions. 
(d) 
A replacement Collateral Arrangement Party may only be appointed when certain conditions are 
fulfilled. Such conditions may include, but are not limited to, a requirement that the replacement 
Collateral Arrangement Party: (i) is an institution incorporated and in good standing in (A) the 
United States of America, (B) in a state which is (as at the date the replacement Collateral 
Arrangement Party would adhere to the relevant Collateral Transaction Document) a member 
state of the European Union or (C) the United Kingdom; (ii) has the requisite resources and legal 
capacity to perform the duties imposed upon the relevant existing Collateral Arrangement Party 
under the relevant Collateral Transaction Document (and which will be imposed on the 
replacement Collateral Arrangement Party under such document or a replacement agreement on 
equivalent terms) and is a recognised provider of the services provided by such Collateral 
Arrangement Party; (iii) is legally qualified and has the capacity to act as successor to the relevant 
Collateral Arrangement Party on the terms of the relevant Collateral Transaction Document or a 
replacement agreement on equivalent terms; and (iv) whose performance of its duties under the 
relevant Collateral Transaction Document or a replacement agreement on equivalent terms will 
not cause the Issuers to become subject to tax in any jurisdiction where such successor is 
incorporated, established, doing business, has a permanent establishment or is otherwise 
considered tax resident. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding any term of the applicable Collateral Monitoring Service Terms or Custodian 
Terms, (i) upon any termination of the Collateral Monitoring Service Terms or Custodian Terms 
in circumstances that would not constitute a Secured Security Event of Default, the Collateral 
Assets should be returned to the Pledgor, and to the extent these are not, the Pledgee shall take 
all necessary steps to return the Collateral Assets to the Pledgor, and (ii) upon any termination 
of the Collateral Monitoring Service Terms or Custodian Terms in circumstances that would 
constitute a Secured Security Event of Default, the Collateral Assets should be transferred to the 
Pledgee, and to the extent these are not, the Pledgor shall take all necessary steps to transfer the 
Collateral Assets to the Pledgee. 
3.8 
Notices 
Where any provision of these Secured Security Conditions requires a Collateral Arrangement Party to 
deliver a notice to another party, such notice may be delivered in any form required by the applicable 
Collateral Transaction Documents or otherwise agreed between such parties, including but not limited to, 
by post, electronic message, email, fax, exchange of electronic files, SWIFT messages, messages through 
the relevant clearing system or by telephone (provided that any notice given by telephone must, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, be confirmed in writing between the parties to such telephone conversation). 
4 
SECURITY 
4.1 
Security 
(a) 
Save where Third Party Security is applicable in accordance with Secured Security Condition 4.8 
(Third Party Chargor), the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Secured Securities will be 
secured by: 
(i) 
a Pledge Agreement (and where applicable, any Additional Security Documents), 
pursuant to which the Issuer will grant a first ranking security interest over all of its 
rights in and to the Collateral Assets transferred to the Custodian and held from time to 
time in the Collateral Accounts, together with all the Issuer's claims against the

--- Page 854 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
854 
Custodian and receivables, claims, right, title, interest and benefit in, under and to the 
relevant Custodian Terms; and 
(ii) 
a Security Trust Deed, pursuant to which the Issuer will grant a first ranking security 
interest over its right, benefit, interest and title, present and future, in, under and to the 
Charged Documents (to the extent they relate to the relevant Series of Secured 
Securities and save for any such rights secured pursuant to the Pledge Agreement), 
in favour of the Pledgee and the Security Trustee, respectively, to hold on trust or as agent for 
itself and the relevant Securityholders and the other relevant Secured Parties. 
(b) 
No security will be created over any other assets of the Issuer, any interest distributions paid on 
any Collateral Assets or any other assets in the Collateral Account, which will remain the 
property of the relevant Issuer who shall be entitled to sell, dispose of, transfer or otherwise deal 
with such assets at any time. 
(c) 
Where the Custodian for a Series of Secured Securities is Euroclear, Clearstream or BNY, in the 
event that the Pledgee is subject to an insolvency or insolvency-like event that triggers a default 
for the purpose of the Custodian, the Security granted to the Pledgee pursuant to the Pledge 
Agreement will be released and the Collateral Assets returned to the Pledgor in accordance with 
the relevant Custodian Terms. Accordingly, there will be no assets pledged by way of security 
in favour of the Securityholders from such time until the time as a substitute Security Trustee is 
appointed to replace the defaulted Pledgee in accordance with the relevant Custodian Terms. 
4.2 
Collateral Pools 
(a) 
Single Series Collateral Pool 
Where the applicable Final Terms in respect of a Series of Secured Securities specifies that the 
Collateral Pool Type is "Single Series Collateral Pool" (such Series, a Series (Solo Collateral)), 
such Series will be secured by a separate Collateral Pool comprising Collateral Assets in a 
segregated Collateral Account. 
(b) 
Multiple Series Collateral Pool 
Where the applicable Final Terms in respect of a Series of Secured Securities specify that the 
Collateral Pool Type is "Multiple Series Collateral Pool" (such Series, a Series (Shared 
Collateral)), such Series may be secured by a Collateral Pool which secures one or more other 
Series of Secured Securities. In this case, following enforcement of the relevant Pledge 
Agreement, the proceeds of realisation of the Collateral Assets held in the Collateral Pool or, 
where "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement" is specified as "Applicable" in 
the applicable Final Terms, the delivery of the Collateral Assets held in the Collateral Pool, in 
each case, would be distributed among all the holders of the Series of Secured Securities that are 
secured against such Collateral Pool. 
Each Series (Shared Collateral) that is secured by a given Collateral Pool will (i) be subject to the same 
governing law, (ii) universally apply or disapply "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement" 
(as described below), (iii) have the same Eligible Collateral Assets, (iv) be subject to the same Haircut 
value(s) for each type or class of Eligible Collateral Assets, (v) have the same Collateral Test Dates and 
(vi) have the same Type of Collateralisation, in each case, as each other Series (Shared Collateral) sharing 
that same Collateral Pool. 
Securityholders acquiring and holding Secured Securities in relation to a Multiple Series Collateral Pool 
will be deemed to acknowledge, accept and agree to the rights of existing and future Securityholders of 
different Series of Secured Securities to share equally in the security created over the Collateral Assets in 
such Collateral Pool. Securityholders will not be notified of the issue of any future Series of Secured 
Securities that will benefit from the same Multiple Series Collateral Pool, nor have any consent rights in 
relation to the issue of such future Series of Secured Securities.

--- Page 855 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
855 
4.3 
Initial Collateral Assets 
On the Issue Date in respect of a Series of Secured Securities, the Pledgor will transfer (either directly or 
through the Collateral Monitoring Agent's collateral management service if applicable): 
(a) 
in the case of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral Monitoring is applicable, 
Collateral Assets to the relevant Collateral Account such that the Collateral Test is satisfied on 
such Issue Date; and 
(b) 
in the case of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral Monitoring is not applicable, the 
Collateral Assets specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
4.4 
Collateral Monitoring and Adjustments to Collateral Assets 
(a) 
The following provisions of this Secured Condition 4.4(a) apply only to Series of Secured 
Securities in respect of which Collateral Monitoring is applicable and CBNA is the applicable 
Collateral Monitoring Agent: 
(i) 
The Valuation Agent will determine the Collateral Value and the aggregate Secured 
Security Market Value (if relevant) (the VA Valuations) on the Issue Date and each 
Collateral Test Date and will inform the Pledgor and the Collateral Monitoring Agent. 
(ii) 
The Collateral Monitoring Agent will determine the Required Collateral Value 
(together with the VA Valuations, the Relevant Valuations) on the Issue Date and each 
Collateral Test Date and will inform the Pledgor and the Valuation Agent. 
(iii) 
On each Collateral Test Date, the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall verify that the 
Collateral Test is satisfied on the basis of the Relevant Valuations and the Minimum 
Transfer Amount. The Relevant Valuations determined by the Valuation Agent shall be 
binding on the Collateral Monitoring Agent for the purposes of the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent's determination whether the Collateral Test is satisfied. 
(iv) 
When determining whether the Collateral Test is satisfied, Collateral Assets for which 
instructions for the transfer to the relevant Collateral Account have been provided on or 
before such Collateral Test Date will be included for the purposes of such determination 
and Collateral Assets for which instructions for the removal from the relevant Collateral 
Account have been provided on or before such Collateral Test Date will be excluded 
for the purposes of such determination. 
(v) 
The determination of the Required Collateral Value will be made on the Collateral Test 
Date for the purposes of the Collateral Test. 
(vi) 
If, on the relevant Collateral Test Date, the Collateral Monitoring Agent determines that 
the Collateral Test will not be satisfied, the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall, on the 
Collateral Business Day immediately following the relevant Collateral Test Date, send 
a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice to the Pledgor and the Pledgee. 
(vii) 
The Pledgor shall ensure the Collateral Test is satisfied by transferring additional 
Collateral Assets into the Collateral Account, and withdrawing surplus or ineligible 
Collateral Assets from the Collateral Account (the Required Adjustments), provided 
that (A) withdrawal of surplus Collateral Assets is only permitted in circumstances 
where, immediately following such withdrawal, the Collateral Test would continue to 
be satisfied, and (B) a Required Adjustment shall only be made if the nominal amount 
of Collateral Assets to be deposited in or removed from the Collateral Account is at 
least equal to the Minimum Transfer Amount. 
(viii) 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, in relation to any Series of Secured Securities in 
respect of which Collateral Monitoring is applicable, the Pledgor may request that

--- Page 856 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
856 
Collateral Assets are withdrawn from the Collateral Account provided that, following 
such withdrawal, the Collateral Test will be satisfied. 
(ix) 
Any requested adjustment under sub-paragraphs (vii) and (viii) shall be accompanied 
by a Collateral Adjustment Notice from the Collateral Manager to the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent and the Custodian (with a copy to the Issuer and the Guarantor). 
(b) 
The following provisions of this Secured Condition 4.4(b) apply only to Series of Secured 
Securities in respect of which Collateral Monitoring is applicable and Euroclear is the applicable 
Collateral Monitoring Agent: 
(i) 
For the purpose of the Collateral Monitoring Service Terms that apply to Euroclear, 
these Secured Security Conditions constitute a "Collateral Agreement" between the 
Pledgor and Pledgee (referred to thereunder), which defines the scope of the collateral 
management transfers required between the Pledgor and Pledgee in respect of each 
Series for which Euroclear is the Collateral Monitoring Agent. 
(ii) 
On the Issue Date and each Collateral Test Date, the Collateral Monitoring Agent will 
calculate the Collateral Value using its pricing/valuation sources (unless "Alternative 
Valuation" has been specified in the applicable Final Terms, in which case this valuation 
will use the specified delegate or source for valuing the Collateral Assets in the 
Collateral Account). The Collateral Monitoring Agent will determine whether the 
Collateral Test is satisfied on that date on the basis of the specified Required Collateral 
Value and the calculated Collateral Value. If there is a shortfall, the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent shall notify both Pledgor and Pledgee of this in accordance with the 
Collateral Monitoring Service Terms. 
(iii) 
If the Collateral Monitoring Agent determines the Collateral Value is lower than the 
Required Collateral Value, the Collateral Monitoring Agent will automatically select 
the Collateral Assets to transfer to the Collateral Account from the Pledgor's account in 
order to rectify such shortfall. If either party objects to, or revokes authorisation for, 
"AutoSelect", then the Collateral Monitoring Agent will revert to manual transactions, 
requiring both parties to provide matching instructions for each required transfer of 
Collateral Assets into and out of the Collateral Account. 
(iv) 
If, on any date, the Required Collateral Value has changed, both the Pledgor and the 
Pledgee will notify the Collateral Monitoring Agent by providing matching notices 
specifying the updated Required Collateral Value, which will adjust the Required 
Collateral Value accordingly. The Required Collateral Value notified to the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent by matching instructions shall be binding on the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent for the purposes of the Collateral Monitoring Agent's determination 
whether the Collateral Test is satisfied. 
(c) 
The following provisions of this Secured Condition 4.4(c) apply only to Series of Secured 
Securities in respect of which Collateral Monitoring is applicable and Clearstream and BNY is 
the applicable Collateral Monitoring Agent: 
(i) 
On the Issue Date and each Collateral Test Date, the Collateral Monitoring Agent will 
calculate the Collateral Value using its pricing/valuation sources (unless "Alternative 
Valuation" has been specified in the applicable Final Terms, in which case this valuation 
will use the specified delegate or source for valuing the Collateral Assets in the 
Collateral Account). The Collateral Monitoring Agent will determine whether the 
Collateral Test is satisfied on that date, on the basis of the Required Collateral Value, 
as provided from time to time, and the calculated Collateral Value, and if there is a 
shortfall, notify both Pledgor and Pledgee of this in accordance with the Collateral 
Monitoring Service Terms.

--- Page 857 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
857 
(ii) 
If the Collateral Monitoring Agent determines the Collateral Value is lower than the 
Required Collateral Value, the Collateral Monitoring Agent will automatically select 
the Collateral Assets to transfer from the Pledgor's source account, and if the Collateral 
Value is higher than the Required Collateral Value, excess Collateral Assets will be 
transferred back to the Pledgor's account. 
(iii) 
If, on any date, the Required Collateral Value has changed, both the Pledgor and the 
Pledgee will notify the Collateral Monitoring Agent by providing matching notices 
specifying the updated Required Collateral Value. The Required Collateral Value 
notified to the Collateral Monitoring Agent by matching instructions shall be binding 
on the Collateral Monitoring Agent for the purposes of the Collateral Monitoring 
Agent's determination whether the Collateral Test is satisfied. 
(d) 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, in relation to any Series of Secured Securities in respect of 
which Collateral Monitoring is applicable, the Pledgor may request that Collateral Assets are 
withdrawn from the Collateral Account, provided that, following such withdrawal, the Collateral 
Test will continue to be satisfied. 
4.5 
Substitution of Collateral Assets 
If, in relation to any Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral Monitoring is applicable 
and "Collateral Substitution" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Pledgor may 
withdraw and/or replace Collateral Assets from the relevant Collateral Account provided that following 
such adjustment the Collateral Test will be satisfied. Where CBNA is the Collateral Monitoring Agent, 
the Pledgor will send or cause to be sent a notice to the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Custodian 
(if a different entity), copied to the Issuer where applicable, specifying the adjustments to be made to the 
Collateral Pool (including, inter alia, the type and quantity of any Collateral Assets to be deposited and/or 
removed). Where the Collateral Monitoring Agent is Euroclear, Clearstream or BNY, any such change 
will be effected under the relevant Collateral Monitoring Service Terms. The Collateral Business Day 
immediately following a day on which such notice is given by the Pledgor for the substitution of Collateral 
Assets as described above will be deemed to be a Collateral Test Date (if not already specified as a 
Collateral Test Date). 
4.6 
Crédit Agricole CIB as Securityholder 
If "Waiver of Rights" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms relating to a Series of Secured 
Securities, Crédit Agricole CIB to the extent it intends to hold Secured Securities (including but not 
limited to, in its capacity as a market maker) may waive its rights by written notice to receive the proceeds 
of realisation of the Collateral Assets securing such Series of Secured Securities (or where Physical 
Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
delivery of the Collateral Assets Series Entitlement) following the enforcement of the relevant Pledge 
Agreement (any such Secured Securities, being Non-Placed Securities). 
In such circumstances, Crédit Agricole CIB as holder of the Non-Placed Securities is deemed to waive 
its rights to give written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor that the Non-Placed Securities are 
immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount on the occurrence of an Event of 
Default following the delivery of a Required Collateral Default Notice (as described below). As a 
consequence, when calculating the Required Collateral Value in accordance with the provisions described 
below, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall only take into account the value of 
the Secured Securities that have not been subject to such waiver (any such Securities being Placed 
Securities). If "Waiver of Rights" is not expressed to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, all 
Securities of the relevant Series shall be Placed Securities.  If a notice of "Waiver of Rights" (to the extent 
applicable) is not delivered, all Secured Securities of the relevant Series shall be Placed Securities even 
if Crédit Agricole CIB is a holder of such Secured Securities. 
Crédit Agricole CIB shall be required to (a) inform by written notice and, upon request from the Collateral 
Manager, provide evidence to, the Collateral Manager of the number of Non-Placed Securities that it 
holds on the Issue Date and on each Collateral Test Date and (b) notify the Collateral Manager following

--- Page 858 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
858 
any transfer of Non-Placed Securities. The Collateral Business Day following such notification will be 
deemed to be a Collateral Test Date and the Collateral Manager shall notify the Issuer and the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent of the same and of the revised Required Collateral Value. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Collateral Manager, the Collateral Monitoring Agent or the Security 
Trustee shall be responsible for any incorrect, inaccurate or incomplete information relating to the number 
of Non-Placed Securities relating to any one or more Series of Secured Securities that may have been 
provided to the Collateral Manager by or on behalf of Crédit Agricole CIB and none of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Collateral Manager Agent, the Collateral Monitoring Agent or the Security Trustee shall 
be under any duty to verify or otherwise confirm the number of Non-Placed Securities so held. 
4.7 
Required Collateral Default 
Following the occurrence of a Required Collateral Default, (i) where the Collateral Monitoring Agent is 
CBNA, the Collateral Monitoring Agent will be required to send a Required Collateral Default Notice to 
the Custodian (if a different entity), the Pledgor and the Pledgee, specifying that a Required Collateral 
Default has occurred, and (ii) otherwise, the Pledgor or Security Trustee will be required to notify the 
other parties of the Required Collateral Default. The Issuer shall give notice in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable to all relevant Securityholders if such notice has 
been received. 
4.8 
Third Party Chargor 
Where "Third Party Security" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
obligations of the relevant Issuer in respect of the Secured Securities will be secured (such security being 
Third Party Security) by: 
(a) 
a Pledge Agreement, pursuant to which an Affiliate of the Issuer (such Affiliate being a Third 
Party Chargor in respect of such Series of Secured Securities) will grant a first ranking security 
interest over all of its rights in and to the Collateral Assets that are held from time to time in the 
Collateral Account following transfer to the Custodian, together with all the Third Party 
Chargor's claims against the Custodian and receivables, claims, right, title, interest and benefit 
in, under and to the relevant Custodian Terms; and 
(b) 
a Security Trust Deed, pursuant to which the Issuer will grant a first ranking security interest 
over its right, benefit, interest and title, present and future, in, under and to the Charged 
Documents (to the extent they relate to the relevant Series of Secured Securities and save for any 
such rights secured pursuant to the Pledge Agreement), 
in favour of the Pledgee and the Security Trustee, respectively, to hold on trust or as agent for itself and 
the relevant Securityholders and the other relevant Secured Parties. 
Where the Custodian for a Series of Secured Securities is Euroclear or Clearstream, in the event that the 
Pledgee is subject to an insolvency or insolvency-like event that triggers a default for the purpose of the 
Custodian, the Security will be released and the Collateral Assets returned to the Pledgor. Accordingly, 
there will be no assets pledged by way of security in favour of the Securityholders from such time until 
the time as a substitute Security Trustee is appointed to replace CBNA. 
No security will be created over any other assets of the Third Party Chargor, any interest distributions 
paid on any Collateral Assets or any other assets in the Collateral Account, which will remain the property 
of the relevant Third Party Chargor or the Issuer, as the case may be, who shall be entitled to sell, dispose 
of, transfer or otherwise deal with such assets at any time. 
Where Third Party Security is applicable, references in this Secured Security Condition 4 to the "Issuer" 
shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Third Party Chargor, as the context requires. In addition, 
where any notice is required to be delivered to the Issuer pursuant to the applicable Terms and Conditions, 
such notice shall also be delivered to the relevant Third Party Chargor to the contact details specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 859 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
859 
5 
COLLATERAL MANAGER, COLLATERAL MONITORING AGENT AND VALUATION 
AGENT 
The Collateral Manager, the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Valuation Agent act solely as agents of 
the Pledgor and do not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, 
the Securityholders. 
All calculations and determinations made in respect of the Secured Securities by the Collateral Monitoring 
Agent and the Valuation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding 
on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Securityholders and the Security Trustee. 
Each of the Collateral Manager, the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Valuation Agent may delegate 
any of their obligations and functions to a third party as provided for in the relevant agreement or these 
Secured Security Conditions, as applicable. 
6 
ACCELERATION, ENFORCEMENT AND REALISATION 
6.1 
Acceleration and Enforcement of Collateral 
If, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities, a Secured Security Acceleration Notice is, or is deemed 
to be, served, a Secured Security Acceleration Event shall occur and all Secured Securities comprising 
that Series, as well as all Securities from every Series (Shared Collateral) that is secured on the same 
Collateral Pool as the Series in respect of which Secured Security Acceleration Notice was sent, will 
become immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount (or, where Physical Delivery 
of Collateral Assets on Enforcement is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that 
all Secured Securities comprising that Series will be subject to settlement in accordance with Secured 
Security Condition 6.8). If a Secured Security Acceleration Event occurs, the Issuer or, failing which, the 
Security Trustee shall give notice thereof to all relevant Securityholders as soon as reasonably practicable 
following the occurrence of such event in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Where a Secured Security Acceleration Notice is sent in respect of a Series (Shared Collateral) it shall be 
deemed to have also been sent simultaneously in respect of every other Series (Shared Collateral) that is 
secured on the same Collateral Pool as the Series in respect of which the Secured Security Acceleration 
Notice was sent. In such circumstances, enforcement and realisation of the Collateral Assets relating to 
such Collateral Pool in accordance with this Secured Security Condition 6 shall take place in the same 
manner for all affected Series (Shared Collateral) which have the benefit of such Collateral Pool as if such 
Security was being enforced and realised for a single Series. 
If neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has paid all amounts due to Securityholders of a Series of Securities 
in relation to which a Secured Security Acceleration Event has occurred within the Pre-Enforcement 
Payment Period, any holder of Securities of such Series will be entitled to send a Collateral Enforcement 
Notice to the Security Trustee requesting that the security constituted by the relevant Pledge Agreement 
and Security Trust Deed be enforced. 
The Security Trustee shall, following receipt of a Collateral Enforcement Notice, promptly give notice of 
the same to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Collateral Manager, the Custodian and the other Securityholders 
whose Securities are secured on the Collateral Pool in relation to which such Collateral Enforcement 
Notice relates. 
6.2 
Enforcement and Realisation of Collateral Assets 
Upon receipt of a Collateral Enforcement Notice, and subject always to the Security Trustee being 
indemnified and/or secured (including by way of prefunding) against any liability it may incur by so 
acting, the Security Trustee will enforce the security constituted by the relevant Pledge Agreement and 
Security Trust Deed in accordance with the terms thereof and these Secured Security Conditions (as 
completed by the applicable Final Terms) and will (a) give instructions to the Disposal Agent to liquidate 
or realise some or all of the Collateral Assets in each Collateral Pool which secures one or more Series of 
Secured Securities in accordance with Secured Security Condition 6.6 (Method of realisation of 
Collateral Assets) and subsequently distribute the relevant Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share to

--- Page 860 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
860 
relevant holders of the Placed Securities in accordance with Secured Security Condition 6.5 (Application 
and Distribution of Proceeds of Enforcement Where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on 
Enforcement is Not Applicable) or (b) where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, arrange for Delivery of the relevant Collateral 
Assets Entitlement to the relevant holders of the Placed Securities in accordance with Secured Security 
Condition 6.8 (Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement), in each case after payment of any 
amounts payable to the Secured Parties ranking prior to the holders of the Placed Securities in accordance 
with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms (such amounts to be paid either out of 
the proceeds of such liquidation or realisation of Collateral Assets or out of the proceeds transferred by 
the holders of the Placed Securities in accordance with Secured Security Condition 6.8 (Physical Delivery 
of Collateral Assets on Enforcement)). 
6.3 
Liability of the Security Trustee 
In the absence of any gross negligence, fraud or wilful default on the part of the Security Trustee, the 
Security Trustee shall not have any liability as to the consequence of any enforcement or realisation action 
and neither will have regard to the effect of such action on individual Securityholders. 
6.4 
Enforcement and Realisation by Securityholders 
No Securityholder shall be entitled to enforce a Pledge Agreement or Security Trust Deed or to proceed 
directly against the Issuer or any Third Party Chargor to enforce the other provisions of a Pledge 
Agreement or Security Trust Deed. 
6.5 
Application and Distribution of Proceeds of Enforcement Where Physical Delivery of Collateral 
Assets on Enforcement is Not Applicable 
Unless Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
following Enforcement and after the realisation and liquidation in full of all the Collateral Assets in a 
Collateral Pool in accordance with this Condition 5, the Security Trustee shall use the proceeds of such 
realisation and liquidation of the Collateral Assets and any other amounts available for distribution 
following such Enforcement to make payment of any amounts payable to the Secured Parties ranking 
prior to the holders of the Placed Securities for each Series of Secured Securities which are secured on 
such Collateral Pool in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Following such payment the Security Trustee shall determine the Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share 
in respect of each Placed Security and shall notify such amounts to the holders of the Placed Securities in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Subject as provided below, the remaining proceeds from the realisation of the Collateral Assets in a 
Collateral Pool will then be applied in meeting the claims of holders of the Placed Securities which are 
secured by the relevant Collateral Pool (which claim will be equal to the Amount Owed) pro rata to the 
Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share of each such Secured Security. 
(a) 
Any excess of the Collateral Enforcement Proceeds over the amounts payable prior to 
Securityholders and to holders of the Placed Securities shall then be distributed to the Secured 
Parties ranking after the holders of the Placed Securities in accordance with the Order of Priority 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Where the Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share for a particular Secured Security is less than 
the Amount Owed (such loss amount being a Collateral Enforcement Loss Amount), such 
Securityholder may claim any payment of such Collateral Enforcement Loss Amount from the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee. 
6.6 
Method of Realisation of Collateral Assets 
(a) 
Subject as may otherwise be provided for in these Secured Security Conditions or the Final 
Terms, in effecting the sales, the Disposal Agent (on behalf of the Security Trustee) may sell 
Collateral Assets in one single transaction or in a number of transactions as it considers 
appropriate in order to attempt reasonably to maximise the proceeds from such sale. The Disposal

--- Page 861 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
861 
Agent may effect sales of Collateral Assets (i) on any securities exchange or quotation service 
on which the Collateral Assets may be listed or quoted, (ii) in the over-the-counter market or (iii) 
in transactions otherwise than on such exchanges or in the over-the counter market. 
(b) 
Where the Disposal Agent is required or requested to dispose of any Collateral Assets other than 
on any securities exchange or quotation service on which the Collateral Assets may be listed or 
quoted then: 
(i) 
the Disposal Agent shall seek firm bid quotations from at least three independent dealers 
in assets similar in nature to the relevant Collateral Assets (and, for such purpose, it may 
seek quotations in respect of such Collateral Assets in their entirety or in respect of a 
designated part or proportion thereof, as it considers appropriate in order to maximise 
the proceeds of the sale of such Collateral Assets); 
(ii) 
for the purposes of obtaining the quotations referred to in (i) above, the Disposal Agent 
or any Third Party Bidder may itself provide a bid in respect of the relevant Collateral 
Assets or any part or proportion thereof; and 
(iii) 
the Disposal Agent shall be authorised to accept in respect of each relevant part or 
proportion of the Collateral Assets or, as applicable, the entirety of the relevant 
Collateral Assets the highest quotation so obtained (which may be a quotation from the 
Disposal Agent (when providing such quotations itself, the Disposal Agent shall act in 
a commercially reasonable manner). 
(c) 
In circumstances where the Disposal Agent cannot act in accordance with this Secured Security 
Condition 6.6, or does not do so within a reasonable time, the Security Trustee shall effect any 
sales of the Collateral Assets in accordance with the Security Trust Deed (or may appoint an 
agent to do so on its behalf). 
6.7 
Inability to Realise Collateral Assets 
If the Disposal Agent is unable to sell Collateral Assets on any securities exchange or quotation service 
on which such Collateral Assets may be listed or quoted or obtain the three quotations required for the 
sale of one or more Collateral Assets, in each case pursuant to Secured Security Condition 6.6 (Method 
of realisation of Collateral Assets), for a period of one year from the date of the relevant Secured Security 
Acceleration Event (such Collateral Assets being Non-Realised Collateral Assets), then in lieu of cash 
settlement of such Non-Realised Collateral Assets and notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the 
Security Trustee (itself or acting through an agent) shall be entitled to Deliver, or procure the Delivery 
of, such Non-Realised Collateral Assets to the relevant holders of the Placed Securities in accordance 
with Secured Security Condition 6.8 (Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement) and the 
Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Delivery of any Non-Realised Collateral Assets is illegal, impossible or impracticable due to the 
occurrence of a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event for a period of greater than 20 
Collateral Business Days, (a) the Disposal Agent (or failing which the Security Trustee or an agent 
appointed on its behalf) shall be entitled to sell such Non-Realised Collateral Assets by accepting the first 
available price for such Non-Realised Collateral Assets or (b) the Security Trustee (itself or acting through 
an agent) shall Deliver such Non-Realised Collateral Assets if Delivery subsequently becomes possible, 
legal or practicable, as the case may be. 
6.8 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement 
(a) 
Where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, following Enforcement, the Security Trustee (itself or acting through an agent) will 
determine the Collateral Assets Entitlement in respect of each Secured Security and shall notify 
such amounts to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(b) 
The Security Trustee will:

--- Page 862 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
862 
(i) 
upon transfer by the holders of the Placed Securities to the Security Trustee of sufficient 
funds to pay amounts equal to (A) any amounts payable to the Secured Parties ranking 
prior to the holders in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and (B) where the Hedge Amount is a positive sum (as determined in 
accordance with General Condition 6.8 (Redemption Amounts)), the value of the Hedge 
Amount, in the case of the amounts at (A), pay such amounts to such Secured Parties in 
accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the 
case of the Hedge Amount, pay an amount equal to the absolute value of the Hedge 
Amount to the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
where holders of the Placed Securities have not elected to make a transfer for the 
purposes of Secured Security Condition 6.8(b)(i), realise, or procure that the Disposal 
Agent realises and liquidates sufficient Collateral Assets in accordance with Secured 
Security Condition 6.6 (Method of realisation of Collateral Assets) with a value equal 
to the amounts described in Secured Security Conditions 6.8(b)(i)(A) and (B) and pay 
such amounts to the Secured Parties and the Issuer, respectively, in accordance with the 
Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Following such payments, the Security Trustee will notify Securityholders of the relevant 
Collateral Delivery Date and, subject to Secured Security Condition 6.9 (Physical Delivery of 
Collateral Assets Disruption Event), will Deliver the Collateral Assets Entitlement to the holders 
of the Placed Securities secured by the relevant Collateral Pool in accordance with Secured 
Security Condition 6.9 (Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event) in lieu of the 
Amount Owed pursuant to Secured Security Condition 6.1 (Acceleration and Enforcement of 
Collateral). 
(c) 
A holder of Placed Securities is only entitled to receive its Collateral Assets Entitlement and 
Delivery thereof is subject to the provisions of Secured Security Condition 6.10 (Physical 
Delivery Procedures). Any remaining Collateral Assets will be liquidated by the Security 
Trustee and the proceeds thereof distributed in accordance with the Security Trust Deed to the 
Secured Parties ranking after the holders of the Placed Securities in accordance with the Order 
of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
Where the Collateral Assets Entitlement for a particular Secured Security is less than the Amount 
Owed (such loss amount being a Collateral Enforcement Loss Amount), such holder of the 
Placed Securities may claim any payment of such Collateral Enforcement Loss Amount from 
the Guarantor under the Guarantee. 
6.9 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event 
(a) 
If, in the opinion of the Security Trustee, Delivery of all or some of the Collateral Assets forming 
part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement using the method of delivery specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or such other commercially reasonable manner as the Security Trustee has 
determined, is not practicable by reason of a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption 
Event having occurred and continuing on any Collateral Delivery Date, then such Collateral 
Delivery Date shall be postponed to the first following Collateral Business Day in respect of 
which there is no such Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event, provided that 
the Security Trustee may elect in its sole discretion to Deliver the Collateral Assets forming part 
of the Collateral Assets Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable manner as it may 
select and in such event the Collateral Delivery Date shall be such day as the Security Trustee 
deems appropriate in connection with delivery of the Collateral Assets forming part of the 
Collateral Assets Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable manner. 
Where a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event affects some but not all of the 
Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement due to be Delivered to a 
holder of Placed Securities, the Collateral Delivery Date for those Collateral Assets forming part 
of the Collateral Assets Entitlement which are able to be Delivered will be the Collateral Delivery 
Date on which such Collateral Assets are Delivered.

--- Page 863 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
863 
(b) 
If Delivery of any Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement is not 
possible due to the occurrence of a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event for 
a period of greater than 20 Collateral Business Days or such other period specified in the Final 
Terms (such Collateral Assets, the Undeliverable Collateral Assets), then in lieu of physical 
settlement and notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Disposal Agent (or failing which 
the Security Trustee or an agent on its behalf) shall sell or realise the Undeliverable Collateral 
Assets and deliver the proceeds thereof to holders of the Placed Securities in the manner set out 
in Secured Security Condition 6.6 (Method of Realisation of Collateral Assets). 
(c) 
If (i) the Disposal Agent (or the Security Trustee or an agent on its behalf, as the case may be) is 
unable to sell the Collateral Assets on any securities exchange or quotation service on which the 
Collateral Assets may be listed or quoted or obtain the three quotations required for the sale of 
the Collateral Assets or (ii) the Security Trustee (itself or acting through an agent) is unable to 
Deliver such Collateral Assets due to the continuation of a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets 
Disruption Event, for a period of one year from the date of the relevant Secured Security 
Acceleration Event, the Disposal Agent (or the Security Trustee or an agent on its behalf, as the 
case may be) shall be entitled to accept the first available price for such Collateral Assets. 
The Security Trustee shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices) that a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption 
Event has occurred. No Securityholder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the relevant 
Secured Securities in the event of any delay in the Delivery of the Collateral Assets forming part 
of the Collateral Assets Entitlement due to the occurrence of a Physical Delivery of Collateral 
Assets Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer, any Third 
Party Chargor, the Guarantor or the Security Trustee. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
6.10 
Physical Delivery Procedures 
(a) 
Procedure by Securityholders 
Any Delivery of Collateral Assets shall be in accordance with any applicable securities laws. 
(i) 
In order to receive the Collateral Assets Entitlement, the relevant holder of Placed 
Securities shall (or shall procure that a depository, custodian or entity with which it has 
a similar relationship in respect of the Securities shall on its behalf): 
(A) 
if the Placed Securities are represented by a Global Security, present a notice 
to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, with a copy to any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the Security Trustee via the EUCLID System or any 
equivalent or successor system (a PD Notice); or 
(B) 
if the Placed Security is in definitive form, surrender to the Paying Agent or 
the Registrar, as the case may be, the Definitive Security (which expression 
shall, for the purposes of this Secured Security Condition, include Receipt(s) 
and, if applicable, all unmatured Coupons, in accordance with the provisions 
of General Condition 5 (Payments)), a completed Asset Transfer Notice 
substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (the Asset Transfer 
Notice) (a copy of which may be obtained from the specified office of any of 
the Paying Agents) with a copy to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Security 
Trustee. 
(ii) 
A PD Notice or an Asset Transfer Notice, as the case may be, are referred to herein as 
a Notice. 
(iii) 
The PD Notice referred to above must:

--- Page 864 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
864 
(A) 
specify the name and address of the relevant Securityholder and the person 
from whom the Security Trustee and/or the Disposal Agent may obtain details 
for the Delivery of the Collateral Assets Entitlement; 
(B) 
specify the number of Placed Securities, which are the subject of such notice 
and the number of the Securityholder's account at DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to be debited with such Secured 
Securities; 
(C) 
irrevocably instruct and authorise DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, to debit the relevant Securityholder's account 
with such Placed Securities on the date notified by the Security Trustee for 
such purposes; 
(D) 
provide the Securityholder's certification whether it is a U.S. person, or a 
person acting on behalf of a U.S. person, or a person within the United States 
(as such terms are defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act); and 
(E) 
authorise the production of such PD Notice in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings. 
(iv) 
The Asset Transfer Notice referred to above must: 
(A) 
specify the name and address of the person from whom the Security Trustee 
and/or the Disposal Agent may obtain details for Delivery of the Collateral 
Assets Entitlement; 
(B) 
authorise the production of such Asset Transfer Notice in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings; and 
(C) 
provide the Securityholder's certification whether it is a U.S. person, or a 
person acting on behalf of a U.S. person, or a person within the United States 
(as such terms are defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act). 
(v) 
A PD Notice and an Asset Transfer Notice cannot be delivered in respect of the same 
holding of Securities; in such an event the PD Notice shall be deemed invalid. 
(vi) 
No Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Issuer, as the case may be. 
(vii) 
After delivery of such Notice, the relevant Securityholder may not transfer the Placed 
Securities, which are the subject of such Notice, and no transfers of the Placed Securities 
specified therein represented by a Global Security will be effected by DTC and/or 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(viii) 
Any determination as to whether a notice is valid and has been properly completed and 
delivered as provided in this Secured Security Condition 6.10(a) shall be made by DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the Issuer, as the case may be, after 
consultation with the Security Trustee and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer 
and the relevant Securityholder. 
(b) 
Procedure by the Security Trustee and Others 
Upon receipt of a duly completed Notice and (in the case of Secured Securities in definitive 
form) the Definitive Security to which such Notice relates, the relevant Paying Agent or the 
Registrar, as the case may be, DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
shall verify that the person specified therein as the accountholder is the holder of the Secured 
Securities referred to therein according to its books.

--- Page 865 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
865 
Subject as provided in these Secured Security Conditions, in relation to each Secured Security, 
the Collateral Assets Entitlement will be Delivered as soon as reasonably possible at the risk of 
the relevant Securityholder in such commercially reasonable manner as the Security Trustee 
shall, in its sole discretion, determine to be appropriate for such Delivery, provided that the 
relevant Secured Security in definitive form has been delivered to the Security Trustee. 
(c) 
Delay 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Securityholder shall be entitled to any payment or other assets, 
whether of interest or otherwise, in the event of any delay in Delivery of the Collateral Assets 
Entitlement due to circumstances beyond the control of the Security Trustee. 
If the relevant Securityholder fails to deliver a Notice, or procure that a Notice is validly 
delivered on its behalf, in the manner set out in these Conditions or, in the case of Secured 
Securities in definitive form, fails to deliver the Definitive Security related thereto, or fails to 
procure that such Definitive Security is delivered, or fails to pay the expenses referred to in 
Secured Security Condition 6.10(d) (Costs and Expenses), the Issuer, and for the avoidance of 
doubt, the Guarantor, shall be discharged from its obligation in respect of such Secured Security 
and shall have no further obligation or liability whatsoever in respect thereof. 
(d) 
Costs and Expenses 
All expenses including any applicable depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp 
duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other taxes or duties (together Delivery Expenses) arising 
from the Delivery and/or transfer of the Collateral Assets Entitlement shall be for the account of 
the relevant Securityholder and no Delivery and/or transfer of the Collateral Assets Entitlement 
shall be made until all Delivery Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of the Security 
Trustee. 
(e) 
Fractional Entitlement 
If the Collateral Assets Entitlement comprises less than a whole number of securities at the 
relevant time, then (i) the Issuer shall not Deliver and the relevant Securityholder shall not be 
entitled to receive in respect of its Secured Securities that fraction of a security (the Fractional 
Entitlement) and (ii) to the extent such sums are available from the proceeds of liquidation of 
Collateral Assets comprising the aggregate Fractional Entitlement, the Issuer shall pay to the 
relevant Securityholder a cash amount, as determined by the Security Trustee and such cash 
amount shall be deemed a part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement. 
(f) 
Delivery at Risk of Securityholder 
Delivery of the Collateral Assets Entitlement by the Issuer to the holder of a Placed Security 
shall be at the risk of the Securityholder and no additional payment or delivery will be due to a 
Securityholder following Delivery of the Collateral Assets Entitlement. 
7 
SEGREGATION OF COLLATERAL POOLS AND LIMITED RECOURSE 
7.1 
Limited Recourse 
By acquiring and holding Secured Securities issued by either, Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole 
CIB FL, Securityholders will be deemed to acknowledge and agree that the obligations of the relevant 
Issuer to the Securityholders are limited in recourse to the Collateral Assets contained in the relevant 
Collateral Pool securing such Series of Secured Securities (or in the case of a Series (Shared Collateral), 
the Series Proportion of the Collateral Assets contained in the relevant Pool) after application of any 
amounts to be paid in priority to the holders of the relevant Series in accordance with the Order of Priority.  
If: 
(a) 
there are no relevant Collateral Assets in the relevant Collateral Pool remaining, which are 
capable of being realised or otherwise converted into, cash;

--- Page 866 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
866 
(b) 
all amounts available from the relevant Collateral Assets in the relevant Collateral Pool have 
been applied to meet or provide for the relevant obligations specified in, and in accordance with, 
the provisions of the relevant Pledge Agreement and these Secured Security Conditions; and 
(c) 
there are insufficient amounts available from the relevant Collateral Assets in the relevant 
Collateral Pool to pay in full, in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Pledge Agreement 
and these Secured Security Conditions, amounts outstanding under the Secured Securities 
(including payments of nominal, premium (if any) and interest), 
then the Securityholders of Secured Securities issued by either, Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole 
CIB FL shall have no further claim against the relevant Issuer or any Third Party Chargor in respect of 
any amounts owing to them which remain unpaid (including payments of nominal, premium (if any) 
and/or interest in respect of the Securities). 
In particular, no Securityholder shall be entitled to have recourse to the Collateral Assets contained in a 
Collateral Pool other than, in the case of the holders of the Placed Securities, the Collateral Pool that 
secures the Secured Securities held by such Securityholder. 
In such a scenario, Securityholders will continue to be able to claim under the terms of the Guarantee 
against the Guarantor for any unpaid amounts. 
This Secured Condition 7 does not apply to Secured Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB and as such, 
does not limit any recourse Securityholders may have to Crédit Agricole CIB in respect of any such 
Secured Securities. 
8 
COLLATERAL DISRUPTION EVENTS 
Upon the occurrence, as determined by the Issuer or the Collateral Manager, or the Collateral Monitoring 
Agent, in each case acting in good faith, of a Collateral Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice to 
the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) and may redeem all but not some 
only of the Secured Securities of the relevant Series at the Early Redemption Amount on the date specified 
by the Issuer in the notice to Securityholders. 
If "Collateral Disruption Events – Securityholder Direction" is specified in the Final Terms as applying 
to a Series of Secured Securities, upon notification by the Issuer of the occurrence of a Collateral 
Disruption Event, the Securityholders of the affected Series of Secured Securities may, pursuant to an 
Extraordinary Resolution (or, in the case of a Series (Shared Collateral), pursuant to an Extraordinary 
Resolution from the Securityholders of each Series (Shared Collateral) which is secured on the same 
Collateral Pool) which is passed by no later than the 30th Business Day following the date of such notice 
from the Issuer, direct the Issuer to redeem the relevant Secured Securities. In such case, the Issuer will 
redeem all but not some only of the Secured Securities of the relevant Series (Solo Collateral) or Series 
(Shared Collateral) at the Early Redemption Amount on the date falling 15 Business Days after the date 
of the last such Extraordinary Resolution to be passed. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Secured Securities 
in such circumstances and a Series (Shared Collateral) is so accelerated and a Collateral Enforcement 
Notice is delivered to the Security Trustee, every Series (Shared Collateral) that is secured on the same 
Collateral Pool shall be immediately due and repayable and the security shall be enforced in respect of all 
such Series.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
9 
RELEASE OF SECURITY 
The security constituted by the Pledge Agreement and the Security Trust Deed will be released: 
(a) 
in relation to Collateral Assets that are withdrawn from the Collateral Account in accordance 
with Secured Security Condition 4.4 (Collateral Monitoring and Adjustments to Collateral 
Assets) or Secured Security Condition 4.5 (Substitution of Collateral Assets);

--- Page 867 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
 
867 
(b) 
on satisfaction of the Issuer's obligations secured thereunder, provided that, where Physical 
Settlement applies with respect to any Credit Linked Security in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 4 (Physical Settlement) or with respect to any Bond Linked Security in accordance 
with Bond Linked Condition 4 (Physical Settlement) and the Issuer intends to Deliver some or 
all of the relevant Collateral Assets in satisfaction of its obligation to Deliver Deliverable 
Obligations under Credit Linked Condition 4 or Bonds under Bond Linked Condition 4, as the 
case may be, such security will be released simultaneously on Delivery of such Deliverable 
Obligations or Bonds, as the case may be; and 
(c) 
in the case of a partial redemption of the Bond Linked Securities pursuant to Bond Linked 
Condition 2.2 (Redemption following the occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date), over 
the proportion of Collateral Assets that corresponds to the proportion of the outstanding Bond 
Nominal Amount being partially redeemed (such proportion the "Released Collateral Assets"). 
For the purposes of this Secured Security Condition 9(c): (i) such security shall be released 
concurrently with the partial redemption of the relevant Bond Linked Securities on the relevant 
Cash Settlement Date; and (ii) the Pledgor may withdraw the Released Collateral Assets from 
the relevant Collateral Account at any time from and including the release of such security. 
10 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
The Collateral Management Agreement, the Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement, the Valuation 
Agency Agreement, the Disposal Agency Agreement and each Security Trust Deed, and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, shall be governed by the laws of England 
and be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England. 
The Custodian Terms for CEP and all matters arising from or related to it (whether contractual or non-
contractual in nature) shall be governed by the laws of Luxembourg and be subject to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the courts of Luxembourg-City. Each Pledge Agreement for CEP will be governed by 
Luxembourg law and be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the district of 
Luxembourg-City, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Custodian Terms for 
Clearstream and each Pledge Agreement for Clearstream, and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with them, shall be governed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and be 
subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts of Luxembourg. 
The Custodian Terms for Euroclear and each Pledge Agreement for Euroclear, and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them, shall be governed by the laws of Belgium. The 
parties (other than Euroclear) thereto will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the civil and 
commercial courts and tribunals of Belgium.

--- Page 868 ---
Annex 11 – Preference Share Linked Conditions 
 
 
868 
ANNEX 11 – PREFERENCE SHARE LINKED CONDITIONS 
This annex sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities that are Preference Share Linked Securities. It 
is only applicable to Securities that are specified to be Preference Share Linked Securities in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to Preference Linked Securities shall comprise the General Conditions and 
the Additional Conditions, in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Additional Conditions, the Additional Conditions shall 
prevail. 
The following terms and conditions (the Preference Share Linked Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that the Preference Share Linked Conditions are applicable. These Preference 
Share Linked Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
1 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERENCE SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
1.1 
General Definitions Relating to Preference Share Linked Securities 
For the purposes of these Preference Linked Share Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
Auto-call Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Preference Share Linked Security, an amount 
in the Specified Currency payable by the Issuer on the immediately following Auto-call Redemption Date 
as a result of a Preference Share Early Redemption Event being triggered on any Preference Share 
Underlying Early Observation Date and calculated by the Calculation Agent on the same basis as the 
Final Redemption Amount, provided that for such purpose the Final Redemption Valuation Date shall be 
deemed to be the relevant Auto-call Redemption Valuation Date. 
Auto-call Redemption Date has the meaning set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Auto-call Redemption Valuation Date means the day falling two Business Days following the 
Preference Share Underlying Early Observation Date on which a Preference Share Early Redemption 
Event has occurred. 
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Preference Share Linked Security, an amount in 
the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent on the same basis as the Final Redemption 
Amount except that the definition of Preference Share Final shall be the Preference Share Value on the 
day as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Final Redemption Valuation Date means the day falling two Business Days following the Preference 
Share Underlying Final Observation Date.  
Initial Valuation Date means the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Preference Share Linked 
Securities. 
Notional Amount means the Specified Denomination. 
Preference Share means the redeemable preference shares specified in the applicable Final Terms issued 
by the Preference Share Issuer. 
Preference Share Early Redemption Event means an event as described in the Terms of the Preference 
Shares. 
Preference Share Early Termination Event means an event as described in the Preference Share Linked 
Condition 2.2. 
Preference Share Final means the Preference Share Value on the Auto-call Redemption Valuation Date 
or Final Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be.

--- Page 869 ---
Annex 11 – Preference Share Linked Conditions 
 
 
869 
Preference Share Initial means the Preference Share Issue Price (as defined in the Terms of the 
Preference Shares). 
Preference Share Issuer means the entity described in the Preference Share Linked Condition 2.1. 
Preference Share Underlying has the meaning set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Preference Share Underlying Final Observation Date means the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms and provided that, if the date for valuation of or any determination of the 
underlying asset or reference basis (or any part thereof) for the Preference Shares falling on or about such 
day is to be delayed in accordance with the Terms of the Preference Shares by reason of a disruption or 
adjustment event, the Preference Share Underlying Final Observation Date shall be such delayed 
valuation or determination date(s), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Preference Share Underlying Early Observation Date means the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms and provided that, if the date for valuation of or any determination of the 
underlying asset or reference basis (or any part thereof) for the Preference Shares falling on or about such 
day is to be delayed in accordance with the Terms of the Preference Shares by reason of a disruption or 
adjustment event, the Preference Share Underlying Early Observation Date shall be such delayed 
valuation or determination date(s), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Preference Share Value means, in respect of any day, the market value of a Preference Share on such 
day, at a time prior to any redemption of such Preference Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) using its internal models and 
methodologies and taking into account such factor(s) as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate, 
including, but no limited to (a) the time remaining to maturity of the Preference Share, (b) if the Preference 
Share is linked to one or more underlying assets, the value, expected future performance and/or volatility 
of such underlying asset(s) and (c) any other information which the Calculation Agent determines 
relevant. 
Redemption Date means the Redemption Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Terms of the Preference Shares means an event as described in the Preference Share Linked Condition 
2.2. 
1.2 
Final Redemption Amount 
Notwithstanding the redemption provisions set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions), the 
Final Redemption Amount in respect of each Preference Share Linked Security of the Specified 
Denomination shall be an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
day falling two Business Days following the Preference Share Underlying Final Observation Date (the 
Final Redemption Valuation Date) in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount=Notional Amount × Preference Share Final
Preference Share Initial 
1.3 
Extraordinary Events and Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means each of a Change in Law, an Insolvency Filing, a Hedging 
Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case to the extent specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms. 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Issue Date of the relevant Preference Share Linked 
Securities, (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), rule, regulation or order, any regulatory or tax authority ruling, 
regulation or order or any regulation, rule or procedure of any exchange (an Applicable 
Regulation), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court,

--- Page 870 ---
Annex 11 – Preference Share Linked Conditions 
 
 
870 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in its sole 
discretion that (i) unless Hedging Arrangements are specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, it has or will become illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, any of such party's affiliates or any entities that are relevant to the Hedging 
Arrangements to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedge Positions relating to such Preference Share 
Linked Securities, or (ii) the Issuer, the Guarantor, any such party's Affiliates or any entities 
which are relevant to the Hedging Arrangements will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations with respect to such Preference Share Linked Securities (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse 
effect on its tax position) or any requirements in relation to reserves, special deposits, insurance 
assessments or other requirements. 
Extraordinary Event means any of a Merger Event, a Tender Offer, an Insolvency or 
Nationalisation, in each case to the extent specified as being applicable in the Final Terms. 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more (a) 
positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, (b) stock 
loan transactions or (c) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) by the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the risk of 
entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Preference Share Linked 
Securities. 
Hedging Arrangements means any hedging arrangements entered into by the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent (and/or their respective affiliates) at any time with respect to the Preference 
Share Linked Securities, including (without limitation) the purchase and/or sale of any securities, 
any options or futures on such securities or any indices, or any depositary receipts or exchange 
traded funds in respect of such securities or indices and any associated foreign exchange or 
financing transactions. 
Hedging Disruption means that the Issuer or the Guarantor (and/or any of their respective 
affiliates) is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the risk of the Issuer or the Guarantor with respect to the Preference Share 
Linked Securities, or (b) realise, recover, receive, repatriate, transfer or remit the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Issuer or the Guarantor (and/or any of their respective 
affiliates) would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the 
Issue Date of the relevant Preference Share Linked Securities) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor (and/or any of their respective Affiliates) in issuing or performing 
its obligations under the Preference Share Linked Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased 
amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and/or their affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Insolvency means, by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, winding-up, dissolution or analogous proceedings affecting the Preference Share 
Issuer, (a) all the outstanding Preference Shares issued by such Preference Share Issuer are 
required to be transferred to any trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (b) holders of the 
Preference Shares of such Preference Share Issuer become legally prohibited from transferring 
them. 
Insolvency Filing means, in respect of a Preference Share, that the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Preference Share Issuer institutes, or has had instituted against it by a 
regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory

--- Page 871 ---
Annex 11 – Preference Share Linked Conditions 
 
 
871 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its 
head or home office, or it consents to, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law 
affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such 
regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings 
instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Preference Share Issuer 
shall not be an Insolvency Filing. 
Merger Event means, in respect of any Preference Shares, any (a) reclassification or change of 
the Preference Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of 
such Preference Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (b) consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share exchange of the Preference Share Issuer with or into another entity or 
person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which 
the Preference Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification 
or change of all such Preference Shares outstanding), (c) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange 
offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 
100 per cent. of the outstanding Preference Shares in the Preference Share Issuer that results in 
a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Preference Shares (other than such 
Preference Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (d) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Preference Share Issuer or its 
subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Preference Share Issuer is the continuing 
entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Preference Shares 
outstanding but results in the outstanding Preference Shares (other than Preference Shares owned 
or controlled by such entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 
50 per cent. of the outstanding Preference Shares immediately following such event, in each case 
if the Merger Date is on or before the final Valuation Date or the date on which the Preference 
Share Value is determined for the purposes of calculating the Early Redemption Amount. 
Merger Date means the closing date of the Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be 
determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
Nationalisation means that all the shares in the Preference Share Issuer or all the assets or 
substantially all the assets of the Preference Share Issuer are nationalised, expropriated or are 
otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality. 
Tender Offer means, in respect of any Preference Shares, a takeover offer, tender offer, 
exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such 
entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion 
or other means, more than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting 
shares of the Preference Share Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the 
making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
(b) 
Consequences 
If the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Event (where specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or an Additional Disruption Event (where specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms) has occurred, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion 
may (but is not obliged to) give notice to the holders of the Preference Share Linked Securities 
in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) that the Issuer will redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Preference Share Linked Securities at the Early Redemption Amount on the Business 
Day specified in the relevant notice and the Issuer will redeem each Preference Share Linked 
Security on the relevant date specified in such notice.

--- Page 872 ---
Annex 11 – Preference Share Linked Conditions 
 
 
872 
1.4 
Additional Provisions 
The following changes shall be made to the General Conditions in respect of each Series of Preference 
Share Linked Securities: 
(a) 
General Condition 3.1 (Redenomination) will not apply to the Preference Share Linked 
Securities. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding General Condition 6.8, where the Preference Share Linked Securities are to be 
redeemed at the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount in accordance with General Condition 6 
(Redemption), General Condition 10 (Events of Default) or General Condition 19 (Illegality or 
Force Majeure), such Fair Market Value Redemption Amount will be equal to the Early 
Redemption Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with these 
Preference Share Linked Conditions. 
2 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERENCE SHARE ISSUER AND THE PREFERENCE SHARES 
The following is a summary description of the Preference Share Issuer and the Preference Shares. 
2.1 
The Preference Share Issuer 
The Preference Share Issuer will be Broadwalk Investments Limited, a private company limited by shares 
incorporated under the Companies Act 2006 on 24 December 2019, with registered number 12377488. 
The registered office of the Preference Share Issuer is in England and Wales: 35 Great St. Helen's, 
London, EC3A 6AP, United Kingdom. 
A copy of the Preference Share Issuer's constitutional documents, its audited, non-consolidated annual 
financial statements, when published, and the Terms of the Preference Shares (as defined below) are 
available (free of charge) from the registered office of the Preference Share Issuer and from the Principal 
Paying Agent. If specified in the Final Terms, the Terms of the Preference Shares will also be available 
from a website specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The sole business activity of the Preference Share Issuer is to issue redeemable preference shares.  
Accordingly, the Preference Share Issuer does not have any trading assets and does not generate any 
significant net income. 
2.2 
The Preference Shares 
The Preference Share Issuer may issue redeemable preference shares of any kind, including but not 
limited to preference shares linked to a specified index or basket of indices, share or basket of shares, 
exchange traded funds, currency or basket of currencies, debt instrument or basket of debt instruments, 
commodity or basket of commodities or to such other underlying instruments, bases of reference or factors 
(the Preference Share Underlying) and on such terms as may be determined by the Preference Share 
Issuer and specified in the applicable specific terms and conditions of the relevant series of preference 
shares (the Terms of the Preference Shares). 
The Terms of the Preference Shares provide that the applicable Preference Shares will be redeemable on 
their final redemption date at a defined amount as determined in accordance with these Preference Share 
Linked Conditions. Preference Shares do not carry voting rights except to consider any proposal to vary 
or amend the rights attached to the relevant Preference Shares or in relation to the winding up of the 
Preference Share Issuer. 
The Terms of the Preference Shares may also provide that the Preference Share Issuer may redeem the 
Preference Shares early (a Preference Share Early Termination Event) if: 
(a) 
the determination agent for the Preference Shares (the Preference Share Determination Agent) 
determines that, for reasons beyond the Preference Share Issuer's control, the performance of the 
Preference Share Issuer's obligations under the Preference Shares has become illegal or 
impractical in whole or in part for any reason; or

--- Page 873 ---
Annex 11 – Preference Share Linked Conditions 
 
 
873 
(b) 
the Preference Share Determination Agent determines that certain events which affect the 
Preference Share Issuer's hedging arrangements or the Preference Share Underlying(s) have 
occurred, as specified in the Terms of the Preference Shares; or 
(c) 
the Preference Share Determination Agent determines there is a change in applicable law or 
regulation that in the determination of the Preference Share Determination Agent results, or will 
result, by reason of the Preference Shares being outstanding, in the Preference Share Issuer being 
required to be regulated by any additional regulatory authority, or being subject to any additional 
legal requirement or regulation or tax considered by the Preference Share Determination Agent 
or the Preference Share Issuer to be onerous to the Preference Share Issuer. 
If the Issuer receives a notice from the Preference Share Issuer of the early redemption of the Preference 
Shares, the Issuer will notify holders of the Preference Share Linked Securities in accordance with 
General Condition 14 (Notices) and each Preference Share Linked Security will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount. 
The performance of the Preference Shares depends on the performance of the Preference Share 
Underlying to which the Preference Shares are linked.  In determining the value of the Preference Shares, 
the Preference Share Determination Agent shall employ the calculation procedure and methodology set 
out in the applicable Terms of the Preference Shares. 
The value of the Preference Shares will be published on an internationally recognised published or 
electronically displayed price source, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 874 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
 
874 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
This section sets out what the proceeds from the sale of Securities will be used for. 
The net proceeds from each issue of Securities will be applied by each of the Issuers either (i) for the general 
corporate purposes of the Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank group of companies, which include 
making a profit, or (ii) to finance and/or refinance Eligible Green Assets (as defined below), or (iii) to finance 
and/or refinance Eligible Social Assets (as defined below), or (iv) for any other particular identified use of proceeds 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
1 
GREEN BONDS 
In the case of "green bonds", the net proceeds from each of Securities will be used by the relevant Issuer 
in an amount equal or equivalent to the use of proceeds, to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, 
new or existing eligible green assets (the Eligible Green Assets), as described in the relevant Final Terms 
and in the Crédit Agricole Group's green bond framework, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time (the Green Bond Framework), such Securities being referred to as Green Securities. 
The Green Bond Framework is based on the Green Bond Principles published by the International Capital 
Markets Association in its 2018 edition (the GB Principles) and is available on the Crédit Agricole Group 
Group's website (www.credit-agricole.com/en/finance/finance/debt). The Green Bond Framework may 
be further updated or expanded to reflect updates to the GB Principles and evolutions in the activities of 
the Crédit Agricole Group. The Green Bond Framework sets out categories of Eligible Green Assets 
which have been identified by the Crédit Agricole Group as part of priority activity sectors within the 
context of climate change mitigation. 
The Crédit Agricole Group has appointed Vigeo Eiris (Vigeo) to provide a second-party opinion (the 
Second-Party Opinion) on the Green Bond Framework, assessing the environmental added value of the 
Green Bond Framework and its alignment with the GB Principles. This Second-Party Opinion is available 
on the Crédit Agricole Group's website (www.credit-agricole.com/en/finance/finance/debt). 
The Crédit Agricole Group will publish an annual report on its website detailing the allocation of net 
income from securities issued by group entities, from which the net proceeds are used to finance and/or 
refinance new or existing Eligible Green Assets (Crédit Agricole Group Green Securities) and the 
environmental impact of the Eligible Green Assets included in its green portfolio. In addition, the Crédit 
Agricole Group may communicate publicly in the event of substantial changes in the green portfolio. The 
Crédit Agricole Group will also have an external auditor provide a limited assurance report on the main 
features of the Crédit Agricole Group Green Securities, for the purposes of the preparation of Crédit 
Agricole S.A.'s registration document. 
2 
SOCIAL BONDS 
In the case of "social bonds", the net proceeds from each of Securities will be used by the relevant Issuer 
in an amount equal or equivalent to the use of proceeds, to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, 
new or existing eligible social assets (the Eligible Social Assets), as described in the relevant Final Terms 
and in the Crédit Agricole Group's social bond framework, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time (the Social Bond Framework), such Securities being referred to as Social Securities.  
The Social Bond Framework is based on the Social Bond Principles published by the International Capital 
Markets Association in its 2020 edition (the SB Principles) and is available on the Crédit Agricole 
Group's website (www.credit-agricole.com/en/finance/finance/debt). The Social Bond Framework may 
be further updated or expanded to reflect updates to the SB Principles and evolutions in the activities of 
the Crédit Agricole Group. The Social Bond Framework sets out categories of Eligible Social Assets 
which have been identified by the Crédit Agricole Group as part of priority activity sectors within the 
context of sustainable development.  
The Crédit Agricole Group has appointed Vigeo Eiris (Vigeo) to provide a second-party opinion (the 
Second-Party Opinion) on the Social Bond Framework, assessing the social added value of the Social 
Bond Framework and its alignment with the SB Principles.

--- Page 875 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
 
875 
This Second-Party Opinion is available on the Crédit Agricole Group's website (www.credit-
agricole.com/en/finance/finance/debt).  
The Crédit Agricole Group will publish an annual report on its website detailing the allocation of net 
income from securities issued by group entities, from which the net proceeds are used to finance and/or 
refinance new or existing Eligible Social Assets (Crédit Agricole Group Social Securities) and the 
social impact of the Eligible Social Assets included in its social portfolio. In addition, the Crédit Agricole 
Group may communicate publicly in the event of substantial changes in the social portfolio. The Crédit 
Agricole Group will also have an external auditor provide a limited assurance report on the main features 
of the Crédit Agricole Group Social Securities, for the purposes of the preparation of Crédit Agricole 
S.A.'s registration document.

--- Page 876 ---
Description of Crédit Agricole CIB-Associated Indices 
 
 
876 
DESCRIPTION OF CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB-ASSOCIATED INDICES 
Custom Indices 
Securities issued under the Programme may be linked to the performance of certain indices. Where any Securities 
are linked to the performance of an index which is designated as a "Custom Index" in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
the complete set of rules of the index and information on the performance of the index are freely accessible 
on the index provider's website, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
the governing rules (including methodology of the index for the selection and the re-balancing of the 
components of the index, description of market disruption events and adjustment rules) are based on 
predetermined and objective criteria. 
Custom Indices are provided by a legal entity or natural person acting on behalf of or in association of the Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt, "Custom Indices" are therefore not composed by the relevant Issuer or by any legal 
entity belonging to its group.

--- Page 877 ---
Form of Guarantee 
 
 
877 
FORM OF ENGLISH GUARANTEE 
This section sets out the final form of the English law-governed guarantee given by Crédit Agricole Corporate 
and Investment Bank in favour of the Securityholders in respect of English Law Securities. 
DEED OF GUARANTEE 
 
THIS DEED OF GUARANTEE is made on [date] (the Programme Date) by Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank (the Guarantor) in favour of the Relevant Account Holders (as defined in the Deeds of Covenant 
referred to below) and the holders for the time being of the Securities (as defined below) (the Securityholders) 
and the interest coupons (if any) appertaining to the Securities (the Coupons, which expression shall include the 
receipts for the repayment of nominal in instalments (if any) appertaining to the Securities), the Coupons being 
attached on issue to Definitive Security(ies) (as defined below). Each Relevant Account Holder, each holder of a 
Security and each holder of a Coupon is referred to herein as a Securityholder. 
WHEREAS: 
(A) 
Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions and Crédit Agricole CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A. (together, 
the Issuers and each an Issuer) and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (in its capacity as 
issuer and guarantor) have entered into an amended and restated programme agreement (the Programme 
Agreement, which expression includes the same as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from 
time to time) dated the Programme Date with the Dealers named therein in respect of a €50,000,000,000 
Structured Debt Instruments Issuance Programme (the Programme) under which each Issuer proposes 
from time to time to issue, inter alia, securities governed by the laws of England, Ireland or France, as 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (referred to herein as the Securities), such expression to 
include each Definitive Security issued by an Issuer and each Global Security issued by an Issuer (where 
Definitive Security and Global Security have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Conditions (as 
defined below) and shall include any coupons for interest and any receipts issued in respect of Securities 
repayable in instalments). 
(B) 
Each Issuer has executed an English law governed deed of covenant and an Irish law governed deed of 
covenant dated the Programme Date (referred to herein the Deeds of Covenant) relating to Global 
Securities issued pursuant to the Programme Agreement. 
(C) 
The Issuers and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (in its capacity as issuer and guarantor) 
have entered into an amended and restated agency agreement (the Agency Agreement, which expression 
includes the same as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) dated the 
Programme Date with the agents named therein. 
(D) 
In respect of Securities issued on or after the Programme Date, this Guarantee replaces the deed of 
guarantee (the Previous Guarantee) dated 7 May 2020 executed by the Guarantor (and this does not 
affect any Securities issued under the Programme prior to the Programme Date). 
(E) 
Terms used but not defined in this Guarantee shall have the meanings given to such defined terms in the 
terms and conditions of the Securities as provided in the base prospectus relating to the Programme (the 
Conditions). 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSES as follows: 
1 
Guarantee 
In respect of Securities for which “English law” has been specified as governing law for the Guarantee in 
the Final Terms, the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees by way of deed poll to each 
Securityholder that, if for any reason, an Issuer does not pay any sum payable by it to such Securityholder 
in respect of any Security or Coupon or under the Deeds of Covenant or, in the event that any Physical 
Settlement Amount (as defined in ETF Linked Asset Condition 2 (General Definitions relating to ETF 
Linked Securities) in respect of ETF Linked Securities, Share Linked Asset Condition 2 (General

--- Page 878 ---
Form of Guarantee 
 
 
878 
Definitions relating to Share Linked Securities) in respect of Share Linked Securities, Credit Linked 
Condition 4 (Physical Settlement) in respect of Credit Linked Securities and Bond Linked Condition 6 
(Definitions) in respect of Bond Linked Securities) falls to be delivered under the Conditions, fails to pay 
and deliver such Physical Settlement Amounts in accordance with the Conditions, as the case may be, 
(including any premium or any other amounts of whatever nature or additional amounts which may 
become payable under any of the foregoing) as and when the same shall become due under any of the 
foregoing, the Guarantor will within fourteen (14) Business Days after receipt of written notice pay to 
such Securityholder the amount payable by the relevant Issuer to such Securityholder, or deliver any 
Physical Settlement Amounts to be paid and delivered in accordance with the Conditions by the relevant 
Issuer to such Securityholder provided that, where such amounts relate to a Secured Security and are 
payable or deliverable, as the case may be, following a Secured Security Event of Default, such amounts 
shall only become payable or deliverable by the Guarantor under this Guarantee following distribution of 
the related Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share or Collateral Assets Entitlement, as the case may be, 
by the Security Trustee in accordance with the applicable Order of Priority. This Guarantee shall apply 
to all Securities issued by the Issuer on or after the Programme Date for which “English law” has been 
specified as governing law for the Guarantee in the Final Terms and all references herein to Securities 
shall be construed accordingly. Securities issued  by the Issuer prior to the Programme Date shall continue 
to have the benefit of the Previous Guarantee or, if applicable, any deed of guarantee preceding the 
Previous Guarantee. 
2 
GUARANTOR AS PRINCIPAL DEBTOR 
Without affecting the relevant Issuer's obligations, the Guarantor will be liable under this Guarantee as if 
it were the sole principal debtor and not merely a surety. Accordingly, it will not be discharged, nor will 
its liability be affected, by anything which would not discharge it or affect its liability if it were the sole 
principal debtor (including (a) any time, indulgence, waiver or consent at any time given to the relevant 
Issuer or any other person, (b) any amendment to any Security, any Coupon or the Deeds of Covenant or 
to any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (c) the making or absence of any demand on the relevant 
Issuer or any other person for payment, (d) the enforcement or absence of enforcement of any Security, 
any Coupon, the Deeds of Covenant or of any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (e) the release of 
any such security, guarantee or indemnity, (f) the dissolution, amalgamation, reconstruction or 
reorganisation of the relevant Issuer or any other person or (g) the illegality, invalidity or unenforceability 
of or any defect in any provision of any Security, any Coupon or the Deeds of Covenant or any of the 
relevant Issuer's obligations under any of them). 
3 
GUARANTOR'S OBLIGATIONS CONTINUING 
Subject as provided below, the Guarantor's obligations under this Guarantee are and will remain in full 
force and effect by way of continuing security until no sum remains payable under any Security, any 
Coupon or the Deeds of Covenant. Furthermore, these obligations of the Guarantor are additional to, and 
not instead of, any security or other guarantee or indemnity at any time existing in favour of a 
Securityholder, whether from the Guarantor or otherwise. The Guarantor irrevocably waives all notices 
and demands whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Guarantor's liability under this Guarantee 
in relation to any Series of Securities shall be extinguished automatically and in full following the 
replacement and substitution of the Issuer of such Series of Securities pursuant to General Condition 17 
(Substitution or Addition of an Issuer) by a Substituted Debtor. 
4 
REPAYMENT TO THE RELEVANT ISSUER 
If any payment received by a Securityholder is, on the subsequent liquidation or insolvency of the relevant 
Issuer, avoided under any laws relating to liquidation or insolvency, such payment will not be considered 
as having discharged or diminished the liability of the Guarantor and this Guarantee will continue to apply 
as if such payment had at all times remained owing by the relevant Issuer. 
5 
INDEMNITY 
As a separate and alternative stipulation, the Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that any 
sum expressed to be payable by the relevant Issuer under any Security, any Coupon or the Deeds of

--- Page 879 ---
Form of Guarantee 
 
 
879 
Covenant but which is for any reason (whether or not now known or becoming known to the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any Securityholder) not recoverable from the Guarantor on the basis of a 
guarantee will nevertheless be recoverable from it as if it were the sole principal debtor and will be paid 
by it to the Securityholder within fourteen (14) Business Days after receipt of written notice. This 
indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation from the other obligations in this Guarantee, 
gives rise to a separate and independent cause of action and will apply irrespective of any indulgence 
granted by any Securityholder. 
6 
STATUS OF GUARANTEE 
The Guarantee will constitute an unconditional and unsecured obligation of the Guarantor and ranks (save 
for statutorily preferred exceptions) pari passu with any other existing or future unsecured and senior 
preferred obligations of the Guarantor. 
7 
INCORPORATION OF CONDITIONS 
So long as any of the Securities, Receipts or Coupons remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) the Guarantor will comply with the provisions applicable to it in the Conditions of the 
Securities as though the same were set out in full herein. 
8 
POWER TO EXECUTE 
The Guarantor hereby warrants, represents and covenants with each Securityholder that it has all corporate 
power, and has taken all necessary corporate or other steps, to enable it to execute, deliver and perform 
this Guarantee, and that this Guarantee constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor 
in accordance with its terms. 
9 
DEPOSIT OF GUARANTEE 
This Guarantee shall take effect as a Deed Poll for the benefit of the Securityholders from time to time 
and for the time being. This Guarantee shall be deposited with and held by CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg 
Branch, for the benefit of the Securityholders until all the obligations of the Guarantor have been 
discharged in full. 
10 
PRODUCTION OF GUARANTEE 
The Guarantor hereby acknowledges the right of every Securityholder to the production of, and the right 
of every Securityholder to obtain (upon payment of a reasonable charge) a copy of, this Guarantee, and 
further acknowledges and covenants that the obligations binding upon it contained herein are owed to, 
and shall be for the account of, each and every Securityholder, and that each Securityholder shall be 
entitled severally to enforce the said obligations against the Guarantor. 
11 
SUBROGATION 
Until all amounts which may be payable under the Securities, the Coupons and/or the Deeds of Covenant 
have been irrevocably paid in full, the Guarantor shall not by virtue of this Guarantee be subrogated to 
any rights of any Securityholder or claim in competition with the Securityholders against the relevant 
Issuer. 
12 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of this Guarantee, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person, which exists or is 
available apart from that Act. 
13 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
13.1 
This Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Guarantee 
are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with English law. The Guarantor and each

--- Page 880 ---
Form of Guarantee 
 
 
880 
Securityholder hereby agree that the English courts are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with this Guarantee and that accordingly any suit, action or 
proceedings (together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with this Guarantee shall 
be brought in such courts. 
13.2 
The Guarantor hereby appoints Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, London branch, at its 
registered office for the time being in England (being presently at Broadwalk House, 5 Appold Street, 
London EC2A 2DA) as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings and 
undertakes that in the event of it ceasing so to act it will appoint another person as its agent for that 
purpose. 
14 
BAIL-IN 
14.1 
Acknowledgement 
Notwithstanding any other term of this Guarantee or any other agreements, arrangements or 
understandings among the Guarantor and the Securityholders, each Securityholder acknowledges and 
accepts that a BRRD Liability arising under this Guarantee may be subject to the exercise of Bail-in 
Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, and acknowledges, accepts, and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority in relation 
to any BRRD Liability of the Guarantor to any Securityholder under this Guarantee, that (without 
limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the BRRD Liability or outstanding amounts due 
thereon on a permanent basis; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the BRRD Liability into shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Guarantor or another person, and the issue to or conferral on the 
Securityholders of such shares securities or obligations; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the BRRD Liability; and/or 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of any interest, if applicable, thereon, the maturity or the 
dates on which any payments are due, including by suspending payment for a temporary 
period; and 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of this Guarantee, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
14.2 
No Non-Performance 
Neither a reduction, in part or in full, of any BRRD Liability, the conversion thereof into another security 
or obligation of the Guarantor or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Guarantor, nor the exercise of any Bail-in Power by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Guarantee will be an event of default or otherwise 
constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the Securityholders to any remedies 
(including equitable remedies), which are hereby expressly waived. 
14.3 
Definitions 
Bail-in Legislation means Ordinance no. 2015-1024 of 20 August 2015 as it may be superseded, and any 
other law or regulation relating to the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU under French law. 
Bail-in Powers means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification or suspension power existing 
from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any law or regulation in effect in France, 
relating to the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, including but not limited to the Bail-In Legislation

--- Page 881 ---
Form of Guarantee 
 
 
881 
and Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 and the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant 
to which: 
(a) 
any obligation of a bank or investment firm or of an affiliate of a bank or investment firm, to the 
extent such affiliate is capable of being subject to writedown and conversion powers under the 
Bail-In Legislation, can be reduced (in such case it may also be modified or suspended for a 
temporary period), cancelled, transferred or converted into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of such entity or any other person; and 
(b) 
any right in a contract governing an obligation of a bank or investment firm or affiliate of a bank 
or investment firm may be deemed to have been exercised. 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms. 
BRRD Liability means a liability in respect of which the relevant Bail-in Powers in the applicable Bail-
in Legislation may be exercised. 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Bail-in 
Powers in relation to the Guarantor. 
15 
SEVERABILITY 
If any provision of this Deed is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, under any 
applicable law, such provision will to that extent be deemed not to form part of this Deed but the legality, 
validity and enforceability of the remainder of this Deed will not be affected. 
 
IN WITNESS whereof this Guarantee has been executed as a deed on behalf of the Guarantor. 
Executed as a deed by 
) 
 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND 
INVESTMENT BANK 
) 
) 
 
acting by 
) 
 
acting under the authority 
) 
 
of that company 
) 
 
in the presence of: 
) 
 
Witness's Signature: 
 
………………………………………………….. 
Name: 
 
………………………………………………….. 
Address: 
 
…………………………………………………..

--- Page 882 ---
Form of Irish Guarantee 
 
882 
FORM OF IRISH GUARANTEE 
This section sets out the final form of the Irish law-governed guarantee given by Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank in favour of the Securityholders of the Irish Law Securities. 
DEED OF GUARANTEE 
THIS DEED OF GUARANTEE is made on [date] (the Programme Date) by Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank (the Guarantor) in favour of the Relevant Account Holders (as defined in the Deeds of Covenant 
referred to below) and the holders for the time being of the Securities (as defined below) (the Securityholders) 
and the interest coupons (if any) appertaining to the Securities (the Coupons, which expression shall include the 
receipts for the repayment of nominal in instalments (if any) appertaining to the Securities), the Coupons being 
attached on issue to Definitive Security(ies) (as defined below). Each Relevant Account Holder, each holder of a 
Security and each holder of a Coupon is referred to herein as a Securityholder. 
WHEREAS: 
(A) 
Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions and Crédit Agricole CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A. (together, 
the Issuers and each an Issuer) and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (in its capacity as 
issuer and guarantor) have entered into an amended and restated programme agreement (the Programme 
Agreement, which expression includes the same as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from 
time to time) dated the Programme Date with the Dealers named therein in respect of a €50,000,000,000 
Structured Debt Instruments Issuance Programme (the Programme) under which each Issuer proposes 
from time to time to issue, inter alia, securities governed by the laws of England, Ireland or France, as 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (referred to herein as the Securities), such expression to 
include each Definitive Security issued by an Issuer and each Global Security issued by an Issuer (where 
Definitive Security and Global Security have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Conditions (as 
defined below) and shall include any coupons for interest and any receipts issued in respect of Securities 
repayable in instalments).  
(B) 
Each Issuer has executed an Irish law-governed deed of covenant and an English law-governed deed of 
covenant dated the Programme Date (the Deeds of Covenant) relating to Global Securities issued 
pursuant to the Programme Agreement. 
(C) 
The Issuers and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (in its capacity as issuer and guarantor) 
have entered into an amended and restated agency agreement (the Agency Agreement, which expression 
includes the same as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) dated the 
Programme Date with the agents named therein. 
(D) 
In respect of Securities issued on or after the Programme Date, this Guarantee replaces the deed of 
guarantee (the Previous Guarantee) dated 7 May 2020 executed by the Guarantor (and this does not 
affect any Securities issued under the Programme prior to the Programme Date). 
(E) 
Terms used but not defined in this Guarantee shall have the meanings given to such defined terms in the 
terms and conditions of the Securities as provided in the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme (the 
Conditions). 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSES as follows: 
1 
GUARANTEE 
In respect of Securities for which “Irish law” has been specified as governing law for the Guarantee in 
the Final Terms, the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees by way of deed poll to each 
Securityholder that, if for any reason, an Issuer does not pay any sum payable by it to such Securityholder 
in respect of any Security or Coupon or under the Deeds of Covenant or, in the event that any Physical 
Settlement Amount (as defined in ETF Linked Asset Condition 2 (General Definitions relating to ETF 
Linked Securities) in respect of ETF Linked Securities, Share Linked Asset Condition 2 (General 
Definitions relating to Share Linked Securities) in respect of Share Linked Securities, Credit Linked 
Condition 4 (Physical Settlement) in respect of Credit Linked Securities and Bond Linked Condition 6

--- Page 883 ---
Form of Irish Guarantee 
 
883 
(Definitions) in respect of Bond Linked Securities) falls to be delivered under the Conditions, fails to pay 
and deliver such Physical Settlement Amounts in accordance with the Conditions, as the case may be, 
(including any premium or any other amounts of whatever nature or additional amounts which may 
become payable under any of the foregoing) as and when the same shall become due under any of the 
foregoing, the Guarantor will within fourteen (14) Business Days after receipt of written notice pay to 
such Securityholder the amount payable by the relevant Issuer to such Securityholder, or deliver any 
Physical Settlement Amounts to be paid and delivered in accordance with the Conditions by the relevant 
Issuer to such Securityholder provided that, where such amounts relate to a Secured Security and are 
payable or deliverable, as the case may be, following a Secured Security Event of Default, such amounts 
shall only become payable or deliverable by the Guarantor under this Guarantee following distribution of 
the related Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share or Collateral Assets Entitlement, as the case may be, 
by the Security Trustee in accordance with the applicable Order of Priority. This Guarantee shall apply 
to all Securities issued by an Issuer on or after the Programme Date for which “Irish law” has been 
specified as governing law for the Guarantee in the Final Terms and all references herein to Securities 
shall be construed accordingly. Securities issued by an Issuer prior to the Programme Date shall continue 
to have the benefit of the Previous Guarantee or, if applicable, any deed of guarantee preceding the 
Previous Guarantee. 
2 
GUARANTOR AS PRINCIPAL DEBTOR 
Without affecting the relevant Issuer's obligations, the Guarantor will be liable under this Guarantee as if 
it were the sole principal debtor and not merely a surety. Accordingly, it will not be discharged, nor will 
its liability be affected, by anything which would not discharge it or affect its liability if it were the sole 
principal debtor (including (a) any time, indulgence, waiver or consent at any time given to the relevant 
Issuer or any other person, (b) any amendment to any Security, any Coupon or the Deeds of Covenant or 
to any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (c) the making or absence of any demand on the relevant 
Issuer or any other person for payment, (d) the enforcement or absence of enforcement of any Security, 
any Coupon, the Deeds of Covenant or of any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (e) the release of 
any such security, guarantee or indemnity, (f) the dissolution, amalgamation, reconstruction or 
reorganisation of the relevant Issuer or any other person or (g) the illegality, invalidity or unenforceability 
of or any defect in any provision of any Security, any Coupon or the Deeds of Covenant or any of the 
relevant Issuer's obligations under any of them). 
3 
GUARANTOR'S OBLIGATIONS CONTINUING 
Subject as provided below, the Guarantor's obligations under this Guarantee are and will remain in full 
force and effect by way of continuing security until no sum remains payable under any Security, any 
Coupon or the Deeds of Covenant. Furthermore, these obligations of the Guarantor are additional to, and 
not instead of, any security or other guarantee or indemnity at any time existing in favour of a 
Securityholder, whether from the Guarantor or otherwise. The Guarantor irrevocably waives all notices 
and demands whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Guarantor's liability under this Guarantee 
in relation to any Series of Securities shall be extinguished automatically and in full following the 
replacement and substitution of the Issuer of such Series of Securities pursuant to General Condition 17 
(Substitution or Addition of an Issuer) by a Substituted Debtor. 
4 
REPAYMENT TO THE RELEVANT ISSUER 
If any payment received by a Securityholder is, on the subsequent liquidation or insolvency of the relevant 
Issuer, avoided under any laws relating to liquidation or insolvency, such payment will not be considered 
as having discharged or diminished the liability of the Guarantor and this Guarantee will continue to apply 
as if such payment had at all times remained owing by the relevant Issuer. 
5 
INDEMNITY 
As a separate and alternative stipulation, the Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that any 
sum expressed to be payable by the relevant Issuer under any Security, any Coupon or the Deeds of 
Covenant but which is for any reason (whether or not now known or becoming known to the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any Securityholder) not recoverable from the Guarantor on the basis of a

--- Page 884 ---
Form of Irish Guarantee 
 
884 
guarantee will nevertheless be recoverable from it as if it were the sole principal debtor and will be paid 
by it to the Securityholder within fourteen (14) Business Days after receipt of written notice. This 
indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation from the other obligations in this Guarantee, 
gives rise to a separate and independent cause of action and will apply irrespective of any indulgence 
granted by any Securityholder. 
6 
STATUS OF GUARANTEE 
The Guarantee will constitute an unconditional and unsecured obligation of the Guarantor and ranks (save 
for statutorily preferred exceptions) pari passu with any other existing or future unsecured and senior 
preferred obligations of the Guarantor. 
7 
INCORPORATION OF CONDITIONS 
So long as any of the Securities, Receipts or Coupons remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) the Guarantor will comply with the provisions applicable to it in the Conditions of the 
Securities as though the same were set out in full herein. 
8 
POWER TO EXECUTE 
The Guarantor hereby warrants, represents and covenants with each Securityholder that it has all corporate 
power, and has taken all necessary corporate or other steps, to enable it to execute, deliver and perform 
this Guarantee, and that this Guarantee constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor 
in accordance with its terms. 
9 
DEPOSIT OF GUARANTEE 
This Guarantee shall take effect as a deed poll for the benefit of the Securityholders from time to time 
and for the time being. This Guarantee shall be deposited with and held by CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg 
Branch, for the benefit of the Securityholders until all the obligations of the Guarantor have been 
discharged in full. 
10 
PRODUCTION OF GUARANTEE 
The Guarantor hereby acknowledges the right of every Securityholder to the production of, and the right 
of every Securityholder to obtain (upon payment of a reasonable charge) a copy of, this Guarantee, and 
further acknowledges and covenants that the obligations binding upon it contained herein are owed to, 
and shall be for the account of, each and every Securityholder, and that each Securityholder shall be 
entitled severally to enforce the said obligations against the Guarantor. 
11 
SUBROGATION 
Until all amounts which may be payable under the Securities, the Coupons and/or the Deeds of Covenant 
have been irrevocably paid in full, the Guarantor shall not by virtue of this Guarantee be subrogated to 
any rights of any Securityholder or claim in competition with the Securityholders against the relevant 
Issuer. 
12 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
12.1 
This Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Guarantee 
are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of Ireland. The Guarantor and each 
Securityholder hereby agree that the Irish courts are to have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with this Guarantee and that accordingly any suit, action 
or proceedings (together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with this Guarantee 
may be brought in such courts. 
12.2 
The Guarantor hereby undertakes to appoint an agent for service of process in Ireland in respect of any 
Proceedings prior to the first issue of Securities and will inform Securityholders of the name and address

--- Page 885 ---
Form of Irish Guarantee 
 
885 
of such agent in the Final Terms applicable to any such Securities. Nothing in this clause shall affect the 
right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
13 
BAIL-IN 
13.1 
Acknowledgement 
Notwithstanding any other term of this Guarantee or any other agreements, arrangements or 
understandings among the Guarantor and the Securityholders, each Securityholder acknowledges and 
accepts that a BRRD Liability arising under this Guarantee may be subject to the exercise of Bail-in 
Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, and acknowledges, accepts, and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority in relation 
to any BRRD Liability of the Guarantor to any Securityholder under this Guarantee, that (without 
limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the BRRD Liability or outstanding amounts due 
thereon on a permanent basis; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the BRRD Liability into shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Guarantor or another person, and the issue to or conferral on the 
Securityholders of such shares securities or obligations; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the BRRD Liability; and/or 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of any interest, if applicable, thereon, the maturity or the 
dates on which any payments are due, including by suspending payment for a temporary 
period; and 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of this Guarantee, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
13.2 
No Non-Performance 
Neither a reduction, in part or in full, of any BRRD Liability, the conversion thereof into another security 
or obligation of the Guarantor or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Guarantor, nor the exercise of any Bail-in Power by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Guarantee will be an event of default or otherwise 
constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the Securityholders to any remedies 
(including equitable remedies), which are hereby expressly waived. 
13.3 
Definitions 
Bail-in Legislation means Ordinance no. 2015-1024 of 20 August 2015 as it may be superseded, and any 
other law or regulation relating to the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU under French law. 
Bail-in Powers means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification or suspension power existing 
from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any law or regulation in effect in France, 
relating to the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, including but not limited to the Bail-In Legislation 
and Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 and the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant 
to which: 
(a) 
any obligation of a bank or investment firm or of an affiliate of a bank or investment firm, to the 
extent such affiliate is capable of being subject to writedown and conversion powers under the 
Bail-In Legislation, can be reduced (in such case it may also be modified or suspended for a 
temporary period), cancelled, transferred or converted into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of such entity or any other person; and

--- Page 886 ---
Form of Irish Guarantee 
 
886 
(b) 
any right in a contract governing an obligation of a bank or investment firm or affiliate of a bank 
or investment firm may be deemed to have been exercised. 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms. 
BRRD Liability means a liability in respect of which the relevant Bail-in Powers in the applicable Bail-
in Legislation may be exercised. 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Bail-in 
Powers in relation to the Guarantor. 
14 
SEVERABILITY 
If any provision of this Deed is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, under any 
applicable law, such provision will to that extent be deemed not to form part of this Deed but the legality, 
validity and enforceability of the remainder of this Deed will not be affected. 
IN WITNESS whereof this Guarantee has been executed as a deed on behalf of the Guarantor. 
Executed as a deed by 
) 
 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND 
INVESTMENT BANK 
) 
) 
 
acting by 
) 
 
acting under the authority 
) 
 
of that company 
) 
 
in the presence of: 
) 
 
Witness's Signature: 
 
………………………………………………….. 
Name: 
 
………………………………………………….. 
Address: 
 
…………………………………………………..

--- Page 887 ---
Form of French Guarantee 
 
 
887 
FORM OF FRENCH GUARANTEE 
This section sets out the final form of the French law-governed guarantee given by Crédit Agricole Corporate 
and Investment Bank in favour of the Securityholders of the French Law Securities. 
GUARANTEE 
THIS GUARANTEE is made on [date] (the Programme Date) by Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank (the Guarantor) in favour of the holders for the time being of the Securities (as defined below) 
(the Securityholders) and the interest coupons (if any) appertaining to the Securities (the Coupons, which 
expression shall include the receipts for the repayment of nominal in instalments (if any) appertaining to the 
Securities), the Coupons being attached on issue to Definitive Security(ies) and Definitive Materialised French 
Security(ies) (as defined below). Each holder of a Security and each holder of a Coupon is referred to herein as a 
Securityholder. 
WHEREAS: 
(A) 
Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions and Crédit Agricole CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A. (together, 
the Issuers and each an Issuer) and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (in its capacity as 
an issuer and guarantor) have entered into an amended and restated programme agreement (the 
Programme Agreement, which expression includes the same as it may be amended, supplemented or 
restated from time to time) dated the Programme Date with the Dealers named therein in respect of a 
€50,000,000,000 Structured Debt Instruments Issuance Programme (the Programme) under which each 
Issuer proposes from time to time to issue, inter alia, securities governed by the laws of England, Ireland 
or France, as will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Securities) (where Definitive Security 
and Definitive Materialised French Security have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Conditions (as 
defined below) and shall include any coupons for interest and any receipts issued in respect of Securities 
repayable in instalments). 
(B) 
The Issuers and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (in its capacity as an issuer and 
guarantor) have entered into an amended and restated agency agreement (the Agency Agreement, which 
expression includes the same as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) dated 
the Programme Date with the agents named therein. 
(C) 
This Guarantee will only apply in relation to Securities issued on or after the date of this Guarantee for 
which “French law” has been specified as governing law for the Guarantee in the applicable Final Terms. 
(D) 
Terms used but not defined in this Guarantee shall have the meanings given to such defined terms in the 
terms and conditions of the Securities as provided in the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme (the 
Conditions). 
NOW THIS GUARANTEE WITNESSES as follows: 
1. 
GUARANTEE 
In respect of Securities for which “French law” has been specified as governing law for the Guarantee in 
the Final Terms, the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees to each Securityholder to pay 
any sum or amount payable by the Issuer in respect of any Securities or Coupon (including any premium 
or any other amounts of whatever nature or additional amounts which may become payable under any of 
the foregoing), as and when the sum or amount shall become due under any of the foregoing in accordance 
with the Conditions in the same manner as if such payment was made by the Issuer. 
All references in this Guarantee to sums or amounts payable by the Issuer shall (if applicable) be to such 
sums and/or amounts as directly reduced, and/or in the case of conversion into equity, as reduced by the 
amount of such conversion, and/or otherwise modified from time to time resulting from the application 
of a bail-in power by any relevant authority and the provisions of Clause 1 shall be construed accordingly. 
In addition, the obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee can be subject to the application of a 
bail-in power by any relevant authority.

--- Page 888 ---
Form of French Guarantee 
 
 
888 
This Guarantee shall apply to all Securities issued by the Issuer on or after the Programme Date for which 
“French law” has been specified as governing law for the Guarantee in the Final Terms and all references 
herein to Securities shall be construed accordingly.  
The Guarantor waives all benefits of discussion. 
The Guarantor also waives the possibility to raise or assert to the full extent permitted by law any objection 
of any nature whatsoever towards any Securityholder. In particular, the Guarantor acknowledges that 
neither the existence, nor the validity, nor the call of the Guarantee will be affected, and that it will not 
be released from its obligations, at no time, including in the event that (i) a payment delay, a waiver or 
whatever acceptance would be granted to the Issuer, (ii) the Conditions would be subject to an 
amendment, modification or other changes, or (iii) any merger or division of the Issuer or the Guarantor, 
or the termination of legal or factual ties between the Guarantor and the Issuer. 
2. 
CALL OF THE GUARANTEE 
The Guarantee may be called by written notification addressed to the Guarantor by registered letter with 
an acknowledgement of receipt, by the Representative or any authorised person concerned in case there 
is no masse. Any notification made under the Guarantee will be deemed to be received at the date of the 
first presentation of the registered letter with an acknowledgement of receipt. 
All sums due under the Guarantee will be payable in immediately available funds in the currency in which 
they are due in accordance with the Conditions. 
3. 
TERM 
The Guarantee shall come into force on the date of its signature and continue to produce its effects until 
no sums or amounts due by the Issuer under the Securities remains payable. 
4. 
SUBROGATION 
Until all amounts which may be payable under the Guarantee have been irrevocably paid in full, the 
Guarantor shall not, by virtue of this Guarantee, be subrogated to any rights of any Securityholder or 
claim in competition with the Securityholders against the Issuer. 
5. 
STATUS OF GUARANTEE 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee constitute direct unconditional unsecured 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor ranking as senior preferred obligations as provided in Article 
L.613-30-I-3° of the French Code Monétaire et Financier. 
Such Guarantee obligations rank and will rank equally and rateably without any preference or priority 
among themselves and: 
a) pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Guarantor outstanding as of the date of the entry into force of the law n°2016-1691 dated 9 December 
2016 on 11 December 2016 (the Law); 
b) pari passu with all other present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior preferred 
obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the Code) of the Guarantor issued after the 
date of the entry into force of the Law; 
c) junior to all present or future claims of the Guarantor benefiting from the statutorily preferred 
exceptions; and 
d) senior to all present and future senior non-preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-
30-3-I-4° of the Code) of the Guarantor. 
6. 
STAMP DUTY AND REGISTRATION FEES

--- Page 889 ---
Form of French Guarantee 
 
 
889 
All stamp duty and registration fees, as well as all taxes, penalties and fees that the Guarantee and its 
performance may generate, will be borne by the Issuer. 
7. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
The Guarantee is governed by French law. Any dispute, in particular relating to its validity, its 
interpretation and its performance, will fall under the scope of the Tribunal de Commerce de Paris. 
Paris, [date] 
IN WITNESS whereof this Guarantee has been executed on behalf of the Guarantor. 
Executed by  
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND 
INVESTMENT BANK 
acting by 
) 
) 
) 
) 
acting under the authority of that company 
 
) 
) 
in the presence of: 
 
Witness' Signature: 
 
Name: 
 
Address:

--- Page 890 ---
Italian Listed Certificates - Form of Renouncement Notice  
 
 
890 
ITALIAN LISTED CERTIFICATES - FORM OF RENOUNCEMENT NOTICE  
 
RENOUNCEMENT NOTICE 
(to be completed by the beneficial owner of the Italian Certificates) 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK 
(a limited liability company incorporated in France as a "société anonyme") 
and 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FINANCIAL SOLUTIONS 
(a limited liability company incorporated in France) 
and 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FINANCE LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
(a limited liability company incorporated in Luxembourg) 
[insert title of Certificates] 
ISIN: [] 
(the Certificates) 
 
To: 
[Financial Intermediary] 
[address] 
Fax No: [●]] 
(the Financial Intermediary) 
c/c Issuer 
[address] 
Fax No: [] 
c/c Principal Certificate Agent 
[address] 
Fax No: [] 
We/I the undersigned beneficial owner(s) of the Certificates 
hereby communicate that we are renouncing the automatic redemption of the Certificates on the Redemption Date 
[scheduled to fall on [●]] in accordance with the Conditions. 
Series No. of the Certificates: 
Number of Certificates the subject of this notice: 
_______________________________ 
The undersigned understands that if this Renouncement Notice is not completed and delivered as provided in the 
Conditions or is determined to be incomplete or not in proper form (in the determination of the Italian Issuing 
Agent), it will be treated as null and void. 
If this Renouncement Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the Financial Intermediary, it will be 
deemed to be a new Renouncement Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered to the Financial 
Intermediary.

--- Page 891 ---
Italian Listed Certificates - Form of Renouncement Notice  
 
 
891 
Expressions defined in the Conditions shall bear the same meanings in this Renouncement Notice. 
Place and date: 
_______________________________ 
Name of beneficial owner of the Certificates 
_______________________________ 
Signature]

--- Page 892 ---
Description of the Issuers 
 
892 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUERS 
This section sets out a description of the Issuers. 
Description of Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  
Information on Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (Crédit Agricole CIB) is set out in Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank's 2020 Universal Registration Document incorporated herein by 
reference (see section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus). 
Crédit Agricole CIB is a limited liability company incorporated in France as a "société anonyme" and having its 
domicile in France. 
On 31 December 2020, the authorised and issued fully paid up share capital of Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank was €7,851,636,342 divided into 290,801,346 ordinary shares with a par value of €27 each.  
Except as disclosed on page 111 of Crédit Agricole CIB's 2020 Universal Registration Document, as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus there are no conflicts of interest between any duties to Crédit Agricole CIB of the members 
of the Board of Directors or the Management Board and their private interests and/or other duties. 
To the best of its knowledge and belief, Crédit Agricole CIB complies with the corporate governance regime of 
France. 
The objects of Crédit Agricole CIB as set out in article 3 of its Articles of Association include the power, in France 
and abroad: 
• 
to enter into any banking transactions and any finance transactions, and more particularly: 
• 
to receive funds, grant loans, advances, credit, financing, guarantees, to undertake collection, payment, 
recoveries, 
• 
to provide advisory services in financial matters, and especially in matters of financing, indebtedness, 
subscription, issues, investment, acquisitions, transfers, mergers and restructurings, 
• 
to provide custodial, management, purchasing, sales, exchange, brokerage and arbitrage services with 
respect to all and any stocks, equity rights, financial products, derivatives, currencies, commodities, 
precious metals and in general all and any other securities of all kinds, 
• 
to provide all and any investment services and related services as defined by the French Code monétaire 
et financier and any subsequent legislation or regulation deriving therefrom, 
• 
to establish and to participate in any ventures, associations, corporations, by way of subscription, purchase 
of shares or equity rights, merger or in any other way, 
• 
to enter into transactions, either commercial or industrial, relating to securities or real estate, directly or 
indirectly related to any or all of the above purposes or to any similar or connected purposes, 
• 
the foregoing, both on its own behalf and on behalf of third parties or as a partner and in any form 
whatsoever. 
As of 10 November 2020 (last rating action) Fitch Ratings has assigned the following Ratings: 
• 
Short Term IDR: F1+ 
A short term issuer default rating (IDR) issued by Fitch reflects a financial institution's vulnerability to default in 
the short term. For financial institutions and most other issuers, the "short term" typically means up to 13 months. 
An 'F1' rating indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments; may have an 
added "+" to denote any exceptionally strong credit feature. 
• 
Long Term IDR: AA-, negative outlook

--- Page 893 ---
Description of the Issuers 
 
893 
A long term IDR issued by Fitch in respect of a financial institution expresses Fitch's opinion on that institution's 
relative vulnerability to default on its financial obligations. In accordance with Fitch's rating definitions, the default 
risk addressed by the IDR is generally that of the financial obligations whose non-payment would "best reflect the 
uncured failure of that entity". Fitch considers that the obligations of financial institutions whose non-payment 
would best reflect uncured failure are usually senior obligations to third-party, non-government creditors. IDRs of 
financial institutions therefore typically opine on the probability of default on such obligations. An ‘AA’ rating 
denotes expectations of very low default risk. They indicate very strong capacity for payment of financial 
commitments. This capacity is not significantly vulnerable to foreseeable events. 
The Fitch Ratings group of companies established in the EU, which includes Fitch Ratings Limited, was registered 
on 31 October 2011 in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
As of 19 September 2019 (last rating action) Moody's Investors Service Ltd has assigned the following Ratings: 
• 
Short Term Debt: Prime-1 
• 
Long Term Debt: Aa3, stable outlook 
Ratings assigned on Moody's global long-term and short-term rating scales are forward-looking opinions of the 
relative credit risks of financial obligations issued by non-financial corporates, financial institutions, structured 
finance vehicles, project finance vehicles, and public sector entities. Long-term ratings are assigned to issuers or 
obligations with an original maturity of one year or more and reflect both on the likelihood of a default on 
contractually promised payments and the expected financial loss suffered in the event of default. Short-term ratings 
are assigned to obligations with an original maturity of thirteen months or less and reflect the likelihood of a default 
on contractually promised payments.  
A 'Prime-1' rating reflects a superior ability to repay short-term obligations. Obligations rated 'Aa' are judged to 
be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk. Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each 
generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher 
end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a 
ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category.  
Moody's Investors Service Ltd was registered on 31 October 2011 in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
As of 21 October 2020 (last rating action) S&P Rating Services, a division of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
has assigned the following Ratings: 
• 
Short Term Debt: A-1 
• 
Long Term Debt: A+, negative outlook 
S&P's credit ratings express S&P's opinion about the ability and willingness of an issuer to meet its financial 
obligations in full - and on time. Beyond that, credit ratings can also speak to the credit quality of an individual 
debt issue and the relative likelihood that the issue may default. Ratings are expressed as letter grades that range 
from 'AAA' to 'D' (in the case of long term ratings) or 'A-1' to 'D' (in the case of short term ratings) to communicate 
S&P's opinion of relative level of credit risk. 
A short-term obligation rated 'A-1' is rated in the highest category by Standard & Poor's. The obligor's capacity to 
meet its financial commitment on the obligation is strong.  This indicates that the obligor's capacity to meet its 
financial commitment on these obligations is extremely strong.  An long term obligation rated 'A' is somewhat 
more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in 
higher-rated categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation is still 
strong. The ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show 
relative standing within the major rating categories. 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited was registered on 31 October 2011 in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
Crédit Agricole CIB is dependent on the performance of its subsidiaries and affiliates.

--- Page 894 ---
Description of the Issuers 
 
894 
Description of Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions 
Information relating to Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions 
Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions (Crédit Agricole CIB FS) is a limited liability company incorporated on 
30 December 2003 under the laws of the Republic of France as a "société anonyme" governed by a Board of 
Directors registered at the Registre du Commerce et des Société de Nanterre under the reference SIRET 
45142804900014 and having its domicile in France. Its registered office is at 12 place des États-Unis, CS 70052, 
92 547 Montrouge Cedex, France. Crédit Agricole CIB FS's telephone number is +33 (0) 1 41 89 65 66 and its 
website is https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/: the information on the website does not form part of the 
prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the prospectus. 
The objects of Crédit Agricole CIB FS as set out in article 3 of its Articles of Association include the power to 
borrow funds by way of issue of securities and financial instruments of any nature, whether guaranteed or not, to 
purchase, manage and sell any security and financial instrument, to engage in any cash management and financing 
transaction with associated companies, to engage in any transaction involving financial instruments (including 
financial futures) traded on any organised market or over-the-counter, to participate directly or indirectly in any 
transactions connected with its object by way of the creation or acquisition of new companies, capital contribution 
or subscription, purchase or securities or company share, merger or otherwise. 
Crédit Agricole CIB FS is dependent on Crédit Agricole CIB. 
Crédit Agricole CIB FS finances its investments by the issuance of securities of any kind, under one or more 
programs as well as under single issuances. 
Organisational Structure / Major shareholders 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank incorporated in France, is the immediate parent company of Crédit 
Agricole CIB FS with 99.64 per cent. shares and therefore controls Crédit Agricole CIB FS. Crédit Agricole CIB 
FS has no subsidiaries and is dependent on Crédit Agricole CIB. 
Share Capital 
The authorised and issued fully paid up share capital of Crédit Agricole CIB FS is €225.000 divided into 2.500 
ordinary shares of €90 each.  
Business Overview/Principal Activities/Principal Markets 
Crédit Agricole CIB FS carries on business as a finance company, issuing warrants, securities and other financial 
instruments.   
Trends 
The trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments and events that may impact Crédit Agricole CIB (a description 
of which is set out on page 127 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document, which is incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus – see section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus) are 
potentially relevant to Crédit Agricole CIB FS.  
Administration and Management 
The Board of Directors of Crédit Agricole CIB FS consists of the following members: 
Name 
Function 
Principal activities outside of Crédit 
Agricole CIB FS 
Christine CREMEL 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Board of Directors 
Head of Onboarding and Transaction 
Management Crédit Agricole CIB.

--- Page 895 ---
Description of the Issuers 
 
895 
Société INDOSUEZ PARTICIPATIONS 
SA, represented by Frédéric NTJONO 
Director 
Assistant 
Director 
– 
Corporate 
Development & Participations Crédit 
Agricole CIB. 
Emmanuel BAPT  
Director  
Managing Director – Crédit Agricole 
Regis BENICHOU 
Director 
Managing Director – Crédit Agricole 
CIB. 
Ghyslain LADRET 
Director 
Managing Director - Global Head of 
Macro Fixed Income Structuring– 
Crédit Agricole CIB. 
Benoît PLAUT 
Director 
PSEE Manager / Structuring Team - 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Ludovic NORMAND 
Director 
Global Market Division - COO Europe 
- Crédit Agricole CIB. 
Michael CRABOS 
Director 
Head of Issuance Platform - Crédit 
Agricole CIB. 
The business address of members of the Board of Directors is 12 place des États-Unis, CS 70052, 92 547 
Montrouge Cedex, France for the local Directors (Christine CREMEL, Société INDOSUEZ PARTICIPATIONS 
SA, represented by Frédéric NTJONO, Emmanuel BAPT, , Benoît PLAUT, Ludovic NORMAND and Michael 
CRABOS) and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, London Branch, Broadwalk House, 5 Appold 
Street, London EC2A 2DA for the London Directors (Regis BENICHOU and Ghyslain LADRET).  
At the date of this Base Prospectus there are no conflicts of interest between any duties to Crédit Agricole CIB FS 
of the members of the Board of Directors and their private interests and/or other duties. 
To the best of its knowledge and belief, Crédit Agricole CIB FS complies with the corporate governance regime 
of France. Crédit Agricole CIB FS operates under the laws of the Republic of France.  
General Meetings of Shareholders 
General meetings shall be held once at least in each calendar year. Any General Meeting convened by the Board 
unless its time has been fixed by the Company in General Meeting or unless convened pursuant to a requisition, 
may be postponed by the Board by notice in writing. 
Audit Committee 
Crédit Agricole CIB FS does not have an audit committee.

--- Page 896 ---
Description of the Issuers 
 
896 
Description of Crédit Agricole CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A. 
Information relating to Crédit Agricole CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A. 
Crédit Agricole CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A. (Crédit Agricole CIB FL) was incorporated in the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg as a public limited liability company (société anonyme) with unlimited duration on 7 May 2018 
under the name Crédit Agricole CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A. and is registered with the Luxembourg trade 
and companies register under number B224538, having its registered office at 31-33, Avenue Pasteur, L-2311 
Luxembourg. Crédit Agricole CIB FL telephone number is +35226203657 and its website is 
https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/: the information on the website does not form part of the prospectus 
unless that information is incorporated by reference into the prospectus. The Articles of Crédit Agricole CIB FL 
were filed with the Luxembourg trade and companies register and have been published in the Recueil Electronique 
des Sociétés et Associations. 
The corporate object of Crédit Agricole CIB FL as set out in article 4 of its Articles of Association is the direct 
and indirect investment into various assets, including via acquisition, assumption, holding, selling and trading of 
various assets, including but not limited to commodities, as well as risks relating to such assets, in any form 
whatsoever, as well as the administration, development and management of such assets and risks. 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL finances its investments by the issuance of securities of any kind, under one or more 
programs as well as under single issuances. 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL will finance its investments by the issuance of securities of any kind, under one or more 
programs as well as under single issuances. 
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, Crédit Agricole CIB FL may in particular: 
• 
make deposits and lend funds including the proceeds of any borrowing and/or issues of securities. 
• 
enter into and perform derivatives transactions (including, but not limited to, swaps, futures, forwards and 
options, derivatives, repurchase, stock lending) and any similar transactions; 
• 
enter into securities lending transactions, repo agreements and including but not limited to, other 
techniques and instruments designed to protect it against credit, currency exchange, interest rate risks and 
other risks; 
• 
acquire, by any means, commodities, claims, structured deposits, receivables other goods or structured 
products relating to commodities or assets; 
• 
enter into murabaha and sharia complaint transaction, whereby any asset is sold or purchase against a 
deferred payment of the notional together with a profit amount; 
• 
manage, apply or otherwise use all of its assets, cash, securities or other financial instruments, and 
provide, for any kind of guarantees, liens, indemnity and security rights, by way of mortgage, pledge, 
charge or other means over the assets and rights held by Crédit Agricole CIB FL in respect of its own 
obligations and debts or those of its subsidiary or undertakings that form part of the same group to which 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL belongs or to third parties, provided that doing so is in the Issuer's interest and 
does not trigger any license requirements; 
• 
issue bonds, notes, warrants, certificates, sharia compliant certificates, participating certificates or any 
other form of debt securities (including by way of participation interest) or equity securities; 
• 
enter into loan agreements as borrower, including but not limited, to comply with any payment or other 
obligation it has under, any of its securities, any derivative or any agreement entered into within the 
context of its activities; 
• 
lend funds including the proceeds of any borrowing and/or issues of securities and provide assistance in 
any form (including without limitation the extension of advances, loans, money deposits and credit as 
well as the provision of pledges, guarantees, liens, mortgages and any other form of security) to any of 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL's subsidiaries. On a more occasional basis, Crédit Agricole CIB FL may provide

--- Page 897 ---
Description of the Issuers 
 
897 
the same type of assistance to undertakings that form part of the same group to which Crédit Agricole 
CIB FL belongs or to third parties, provided that doing so is in Crédit Agricole CIB FL's interest and does 
not trigger any license requirements. 
In general, Crédit Agricole CIB FL may carry out any financial or commercial transactions and engage in such 
other activities as it deems necessary, advisable, convenient, incidental to, or not inconsistent with, the 
accomplishment and development of its corporate object. 
All of the assets mentioned above may be, at any moment, in compliance with written guidelines relating to the 
Sharia principles. 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL is dependent on Crédit Agricole CIB. 
Organisational Structure/Major Shareholders 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank incorporated in France, is the immediate parent company of Crédit 
Agricole CIB FL with 100.00 per cent. shares and therefore controls Crédit Agricole CIB FL. Crédit Agricole CIB 
FL has no subsidiaries and is dependent on Crédit Agricole CIB. 
Share Capital 
The share capital of Crédit Agricole CIB FL is EUR 30,000 divided into 30,000 shares in registered form (the 
Issuer Shares), all of which are fully paid.  Each Issuer Share is entitled to one vote.  All the shares in Crédit 
Agricole CIB FL are held by Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank. 
Business Overview/Principal Activities/Principal Markets 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL carries on business as a finance company, issuing warrants, securities and other financial 
instruments. 
Trends 
The trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments and events that may impact Crédit Agricole CIB (a description 
of which is set out on page 127 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document, which is incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus – see section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus) are 
potentially relevant to Crédit Agricole CIB FL.  
Administration and Management 
The Board of Directors of Crédit Agricole CIB FL consists of the following members:  
Name 
Function 
Principal 
activities 
outside 
of 
Crédit 
Agricole CIB FL 
Jérôme WEISS 
Director 
Managing Director - Head of structured Notes 
Issuance Platform. 
 
Lukasz MALECKI 
Director 
Corporate Director and Senior Manager at 
Alter Domus. 
Laurent RICCI 
Director 
Corporate Director and Director at Alter 
Domus. 
The business address of members of the Board of Directors is 15, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen, L-2411 Luxembourg 
for the local Directors (Lukasz MALECKI and Laurent RICCI) and 12 place des États-Unis, CS 70052, 92 547 
Montrouge Cedex, France for the French Director (Jérôme WEISS). 
At the date of this Base Prospectus there are no conflicts of interest between any duties to Crédit Agricole CIB FL 
of the members of the Board of Directors and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 898 ---
Description of the Issuers 
 
898 
To the best of its knowledge and belief, Crédit Agricole CIB FL complies with the corporate governance regime 
of Luxembourg. Crédit Agricole CIB FL operates under the laws of Luxembourg. 
General Meetings of Shareholders 
General meetings shall be held once at least in each calendar year. Any General Meeting convened by the Board 
unless its time has been fixed by Crédit Agricole CIB FL in General Meeting or unless convened pursuant to a 
requisition, may be postponed by the Board by notice in writing. 
Audit Committee 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL does not have an audit committee.

--- Page 899 ---
Book-Entry Clearance Systems 
 
 
899 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
This section sets out the procedures relating to the clearing of certain Securities. 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the Clearing Systems) currently in effect. 
The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that the Issuers 
and the Guarantor believe to be reliable, but none of the Issuers, the Guarantor nor any Dealer takes any 
responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are 
advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System. None of the Issuers, the Guarantor nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial 
ownership interests in the Securities held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the relevant Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York 
Banking Law, a "banking organisation" within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a "clearing 
corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a "clearing agency" registered 
pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that its participants (Participants) deposit 
with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and 
pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerised book-entry changes in Participants' accounts, 
thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities 
brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is owned 
by a number of its Direct Participants and by the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., the American Stock Exchange, 
Inc. and the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Access to the DTC System is also available to others 
such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial 
relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly (Indirect Participants). 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the Rules), DTC makes 
book-entry transfers of Registered Securities among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with respect to 
U.S. Securities accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system (DTC Securities) as described below and 
receives and transmits distributions of nominal and interest on DTC Securities. The Rules are on file with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with which beneficial owners 
of DTC Securities (Owners) have accounts with respect to the DTC Securities similarly are required to make 
book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective Owners. Accordingly, 
although Owners who hold DTC Securities through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess 
Registered Securities, the Rules, by virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which 
Direct Participants will receive payments and will be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Securities. 
Purchases of DTC Securities under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will 
receive a credit for the DTC Securities on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each 
DTC Security (Beneficial Owner) is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participant's records. 
Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are 
expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of 
their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the 
transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Securities are to be accomplished by entries made on the 
books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates 
representing their ownership interests in DTC Securities, except in the event that use of the book-entry system for 
the DTC Securities is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Securities deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in the 
name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co. The deposit of DTC Securities with DTC and their registration 
in the name of Cede & Co. effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual 
Beneficial Owners of the DTC Securities; DTC's records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to

--- Page 900 ---
Book-Entry Clearance Systems 
 
 
900 
whose accounts such DTC Securities are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The 
Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect 
Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by 
arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to 
time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to Cede & Co. If less than all of the DTC Securities within an issue are being 
redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such issue 
to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Securities. Under its usual procedures, 
DTC mails an omnibus proxy to the relevant Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The omnibus proxy 
assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC Securities 
are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the omnibus proxy). 
Nominal and interest payments on the DTC Securities will be made to DTC. DTC's practice is to credit Direct 
Participants' accounts on the due date for payment in accordance with their respective holdings shown on DTC's 
records unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not receive payment on the due date. Payments by Participants 
to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with 
securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in "street name", and will be the 
responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the relevant Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory 
requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of nominal and interest to DTC is the responsibility 
of the relevant Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and 
disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the U.S. Securities, DTC will exchange 
the DTC Securities for Definitive Registered Securities, which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance 
with their proportionate entitlements and which, if representing interests in a Rule 144A Global Security, will be 
legended as set forth under "Subscription and Sale". 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, any 
Owner desiring to pledge DTC Securities to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take 
actions with respect to such DTC Securities, will be required to withdraw its Registered Securities from DTC as 
described below. 
The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York NY 10041-0099, USA. 
Euroclear, Euroclear France and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear, Euroclear France and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates 
the clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective 
account holders. Euroclear, Euroclear France and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including 
safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending 
and borrowing. Euroclear, Euroclear France and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities 
markets in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their systems across which their respective participants 
may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear, Euroclear France and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, 
including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Euroclear, Euroclear France and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear 
through or maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. 
The address of Euroclear is 1, boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210, Brussels, Belgium. 
The address of Euroclear France is 115, rue Réaumur, 75081 Paris Cedex 02, France.

--- Page 901 ---
Book-Entry Clearance Systems 
 
 
901 
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42, avenue J F Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg. 
Euroclear Finland 
Euroclear Finland is a subsidiary within the Euroclear group and a limited liability company incorporated in 
Finland. It is authorised and regulated by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority as a central securities 
depository clearing organisation within the meaning of the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing 
Operations (in Finnish: laki arvoosuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta 348/2017). 
Finnish Securities will be issued in registered and dematerialized book-entry form with Euroclear Finland in 
accordance with the Finnish CSD Rules.  No physical notes, certificates or other physical instruments (whether in 
global, temporary or definitive form) will be issued in respect of the Finnish Securities other than as specifically 
allowed in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities. 
All transactions relating to the Finnish Securities (such as issuance, sale and transfer, pledge arrangements and 
other dispositions and redemptions) are executed as computerized book-entry registrations. Consequently, in order 
to effect such entries holders must establish a book entry account through a credit institution or a securities firm 
acting as an account operator with Euroclear Finland. More information regarding Euroclear Finland and its rules 
and operating procedures can be found at its internet web site at http://www.euroclear.eu. 
Euroclear Sweden 
Euroclear Sweden is a subsidiary within the Euroclear group of companies and a limited liability company 
incorporated in Sweden. It is authorised and regulated by the Swedish Central Depository and Financial 
Supervisory Authority as a central securities deposit within the meaning of the Swedish Financial Instruments 
Accounts Act (1998:1479 (as amended)) and as a clearing organisation within the meaning of the Swedish 
Securities Markets Act (2007:528 (as amended)). 
Swedish Securities will be issued in registered, unnoted and dematerialized book-entry form with Euroclear 
Sweden in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. No physical notes, certificates or other physical instruments 
(whether in global, temporary or definitive form) will be issued in respect of the Swedish Securities other than as 
specifically allowed in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities. 
All transactions relating to the Swedish Securities (such as issuance, sale and transfer, pledge arrangements and 
other dispositions and redemptions) are executed as computerized book-entry registrations. Consequently, in order 
to effect such entries holders must establish a book entry account through a credit institution or a securities firm 
acting as an account operator with Euroclear Sweden. More information regarding Euroclear Sweden and its rules 
and operating procedures can be found at its internet web site at http://www.euroclear.eu.   
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited 
Following their delivery into a clearing system, interests in Securities may be delivered, held and settled in 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (formerly known as CRESTCo Limited) (CREST) by means of the creation of 
dematerialised depository interests (CREST Depository Interests) representing the interests in the relevant 
Securities (Underlying Securities). Such delivery, holding and settlement is governed, inter alia, by the terms of 
the CREST Manual issued by CREST (as the same may be amended, modified, varied or supplemented from time 
to time, the CREST Manual). The CREST Depository Interests will be issued by CREST Depository Limited or 
any successor thereto (the CREST Depository) to holders of the CREST Depository Interests and will be 
constituted and governed by English law.  CREST International Nominees Limited or another entity appointed to 
act as nominee in accordance with the CREST Deed Poll (as defined below) (the CREST Nominee) will hold the 
legal title to the Underlying Securities and the direct enforcement right in respect of the Underlying Securities. 
The CREST Depository Interests will represent indirect interests in the interest of the CREST Nominee in the 
Underlying Securities. Pursuant to the CREST Manual, Securities held in global form by the Common Depositary 
may be settled through CREST, and the CREST Depository will issue CREST Depository Interests. The CREST 
Depository Interests will be independent securities which may be held and transferred through CREST.

--- Page 902 ---
Book-Entry Clearance Systems 
 
 
902 
Interests in the Underlying Securities will be credited to the CREST Nominee's account with Euroclear and the 
CREST Nominee will hold such interests as nominee for the CREST Depository which will issue CREST 
Depository Interests to the relevant CREST participants. 
Each CREST Depository Interest will be treated by the CREST Depository as if it were one Underlying Security, 
for the purposes of determining all rights and obligations and all amounts payable in respect thereof. The CREST 
Depository will pass on to holders of CREST Depository Interests any interest or other amounts received by it as 
holder of the Underlying Securities on trust for such holder. Holders of CREST Depository Interests will also be 
able to receive from CREST notices of meetings of holders of Underlying Securities and other relevant notices 
issued by the Issuer. 
Transfers of interests in Underlying Securities by a CREST participant to a participant of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be effected by cancellation of the CREST Depository Interests and transfer of an interest in such 
Securities underlying the CREST Depository Interests to the account of the relevant participant with Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. The CREST Depository Interests will have the same ISIN as the ISIN of the Underlying 
Securities and will not require a separate listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin or the Official List of the 
FCA. 
Holders of CREST Depository Interests are referred to Chapter 8 of the CREST International Manual (as contained 
in the CREST Manual) which contains the form of the CREST Deed Poll to be entered into by the CREST 
Depository (the CREST Deed Poll). The rights of the holder of CREST Depository Interests will be governed by 
the arrangements between CREST, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Issuer including the CREST 
Deed Poll executed by the CREST Depository. These rights may be different from those of holders of Securities 
which are not represented by CREST Depository Interests. 
If issued, CREST Depository Interests will be delivered, held and settled in CREST, by means of the CREST 
International Settlement Links Service (the CREST International Settlement Links Service). The settlement of 
the CREST Depository Interests by means of the CREST International Settlement Links Service has the following 
consequences for holders of CREST Depository Interests:  
(i) 
holders of CREST Depository Interests will not be the legal owners of the Underlying Securities. The 
CREST Depository Interests are separate legal instruments from the Underlying Securities to which they 
relate and represent an indirect interest in such Underlying Securities; 
(ii) 
the Underlying Securities themselves (as distinct from the CREST Depository Interests representing 
indirect interests in such Underlying Securities) will be held in an account with a custodian. The custodian 
will hold the Underlying Securities through a clearing system. Rights in the Underlying Securities will 
be held through custodial and depositary links through the appropriate clearing systems. The legal title to 
the Underlying Securities or to interests in the Underlying Securities will depend on the rules of the 
clearing system in or through which the Underlying Securities are held; 
(iii) 
rights under the Underlying Securities cannot be enforced by holders of CREST Depository Interests 
except indirectly through the intermediary depositaries and custodians described above. The enforcement 
of rights under the Underlying Securities will therefore be subject to the local law of the relevant 
intermediary. The rights of holders of CREST Depository Interests to the Underlying Securities are 
represented by the entitlements against the CREST Depository which (through the CREST Nominee) 
holds interests in the Underlying Securities. This could result in an elimination or reduction in the 
payments that otherwise would have been made in respect of the Underlying Securities in the event of 
any insolvency or liquidation of the relevant intermediary, in particular where the Underlying Securities 
held in clearing systems are not held in special purpose accounts and are fungible with other securities 
held in the same accounts on behalf of other customers of the relevant intermediaries; 
(iv) 
the CREST Depository Interests issued to holders of CREST Depository Interests will be constituted and 
issued pursuant to the CREST Deed Poll. Holders of CREST Depository Interests will be bound by all 
provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by all provisions of or prescribed pursuant to, the CREST 
International Manual and the CREST Rules applicable to the CREST International Settlement Links 
Service (in each case as contained in the CREST Manual) and such holders must comply in full with all 
obligations imposed on them by such provisions;

--- Page 903 ---
Book-Entry Clearance Systems 
 
 
903 
(v) 
the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and the CREST Manual (including for the avoidance of doubt the 
provisions of the CREST International Manual and the CREST Rules) contain indemnities, warranties, 
representations and undertakings to be given by holders of CREST Depository Interests and limitations 
on the liability of the issuer of the CREST Depository Interests, the CREST Depository; 
(vi) 
holders of CREST Depository Interests may incur liabilities resulting from a breach of any such 
indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings in excess of the money invested by them. The 
attention of holders is drawn to the terms of the CREST Deed Poll and the CREST Manual (including for 
the avoidance of doubt the provisions of the CREST International Manual and the CREST Rules), copies 
of which are available from CREST at 33 Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB or by calling +44 (0) 207 
849 0000 or from the CREST website at: https://www.euroclear.com/en.html; 
(vii) 
holders of CREST Depository Interests may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and expenses to the 
CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST International Settlement Links Service. 
These will include the fees and expenses charged by the CREST Depository in respect of the provision 
of services by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any taxes, duties, charges, costs or expenses which may 
be or become payable in connection with the holding of the Securities through the CREST International 
Settlement Links Service; 
(viii) 
neither the Issuer, the Dealers, the Guarantor or the EUI Agent will have any responsibility for the 
performance by any intermediaries or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of 
their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations; and 
(ix) 
Securities issued in temporary global form exchangeable for a Permanent Global Bearer Security will not 
be eligible for CREST settlement as CREST Depository Interests. As such, investors investing in the 
Underlying Securities through CREST Depository Interests will only receive the CREST Depository 
Interests after such Temporary Bearer Global Security is exchanged for a Permanent Bearer Global 
Security, which could take up to 40 days after the issue of the Securities. 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Securities 
The relevant Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Securities represented by a Registered 
Global Security accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Registered Global 
Security, DTC or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of 
the individual beneficial interests represented by such Registered Global Security to the accounts of persons who 
have accounts with DTC. Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer. 
Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Registered Global Security will be limited to Direct Participants or 
Indirect Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S Global Security, the respective depositaries of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered Global Security 
accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records 
maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct 
Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of nominal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Security accepted by DTC will 
be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Security. In the case of any payment 
in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee 
and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment 
for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the Registered Global Security in the currency in which 
such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be converted into U.S. dollars and credited 
to the applicable Participants' account. 
The relevant Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in 
accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe that 
it will not receive payment on such payment date. The relevant Issuer also expects that payments by Participants 
to beneficial owners of Securities will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case 
with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not the 
responsibility of DTC, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or the relevant Issuer. Payment of nominal, 
premium, if any, and interest, if any, on Securities to DTC is the responsibility of the relevant Issuer.

--- Page 904 ---
Book-Entry Clearance Systems 
 
 
904 
Transfers of Securities Represented by Registered Global Securities 
Transfers of any interests in Securities represented by a Registered Global Security within DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of the 
relevant clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons take physical 
delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Securities represented by a Registered 
Global Security to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Securities for Securities in definitive 
form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on 
behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having an interest in Securities represented by a Registered 
Global Security accepted by DTC to pledge such Securities to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC 
system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Securities may depend upon the ability to exchange such 
Securities for Securities in definitive form. The ability of any holder of Securities represented by a Registered 
Global Security accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Securities may be impaired if the 
proposed transferee of such Securities is not eligible to hold such Securities through a direct or indirect participant 
in the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Securities described under 
"Subscription and Sale", cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one hand, and directly or indirectly through 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the other, will be effected by the relevant clearing 
system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Registrar, the Fiscal Principal Paying Agent 
and any custodian (Custodian) with whom the relevant Registered Global Securities have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Securities of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Securities of such Series between participants in DTC 
will generally have a settlement date three (3) business days after the trade date (T+3). The customary 
arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC participants 
will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there is no direct link 
between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, transfers of interests 
in the relevant Registered Global Securities will be effected through the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and 
the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) from the transferor and arranging for 
delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated account for the transferee. In the case of 
cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC 
participants cannot be made on a delivery versus payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free delivery 
basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed to 
facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Securities among participants and accountholders of 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to 
perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None of the Issuers, 
the Guarantor, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by DTC, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective 
obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations and none of them will have any liability for 
any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Securities 
represented by Registered Global Securities or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial interests.

--- Page 905 ---
Taxation 
 
 
905 
TAXATION 
This section sets out an overview of certain taxation considerations relating to the Securities 
The tax legislation of the Securityholders' member state and of the relevant Issuer's country of 
incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the Securities. All prospective 
Securityholders should seek independent advice as to their tax position. 
In addition, certain provisions of U.S. law, commonly referred to as FATCA, require a 30% withholding tax on 
certain US source payments as well as certain payments made by non-US entities to persons that fail to meet 
certain certification, reporting or related requirements. Securityholders should consult their own tax advisers 
regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Securities. 
GENERAL TAXATION 
Exchange of tax information 
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has developed a common reporting 
standard (CRS) to achieve a comprehensive and multilateral automatic exchange of information (AEOI) on a 
global basis. On 9 December 2014, Council Directive 2014/107/EU amending Directive 2011/16/EU as regards 
mandatory automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation (the Euro-CRS Directive) was adopted in 
order to implement the CRS among the member states of the European Union.  
Under the CRS Law, the exchange of information will be applied by 30 September of each year for information 
related to the preceding calendar year. Under the Euro-CRS Directive, the AEOI must be applied by 30 September 
of each year to the local tax authorities of the Member States for the data relating to the preceding calendar year. 
In addition, Luxembourg signed the OECD's multilateral competent authority agreement (Multilateral 
Agreement) to automatically exchange information under the CRS. The Multilateral Agreement aims to 
implement the CRS among non-Member States; it requires agreements on a country-by-country basis.  
In the United Kingdom, provisions relating to the disclosure and reporting of information are set out in The 
International Tax Compliance Regulations 2015. These harmonise the requirements under the CRS, Euro-CRS 
Directive and FATCA, as discussed below.  
DAC 6 Directive 
On 25 May 2018, the Council of the European Union adopted the Council Directive 2018/822/EU (the DAC 6 
Directive) introducing mandatory disclosure rules for intermediaries. Depending on the transposition of the DAC 
6 Directive in the domestic laws, the Securities may qualify as "reportable arrangements" based on certain criteria 
defined by the DAC 6 Directive ("hallmarks") and may be subject to disclosure to the tax authorities. 
The French and the other EU Member States' tax authorities can exchange the information automatically within 
the EU through a centralised database open to all EU Member States' tax authorities and the EU Commission. 
TAXATION IN FRANCE 
The following is an overview of certain tax considerations in France relating to the Securities that may be issued 
under the Programme by Crédit Agricole CIB and Crédit Agricole CIB FS only. This overview is based on the tax 
laws and regulations as in force in France and applied by the French tax authorities at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, all of which are subject to change or to different interpretation (with possible retroactive effect). 
This overview is for general information and does not purport to address all French tax considerations that may be 
relevant to specific holders of Securities in light of their particular situation. Prospective holders or beneficial 
owners of the Securities are advised to consult their own appropriate independent and professionally qualified tax 
advisors as to the tax consequences of any investment in, ownership of, or transactions involving the Securities.

--- Page 906 ---
Taxation 
 
 
906 
Withholding taxes on Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB and Crédit Agricole CIB FS 
The withholding tax treatment of the Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB and Crédit Agricole CIB FS will 
depend on their nature and characterisation for French tax purposes. 
(a) 
Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB or Crédit Agricole CIB FS constituting debt 
instruments for French tax purposes 
(i) 
Withholding taxes on payments made outside France 
The following may be relevant to holders of Securities who do not concurrently hold shares in Crédit Agricole 
CIB or Crédit Agricole CIB FS. 
Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB or Crédit Agricole CIB FS which are not consolidated (assimilables for 
the purposes of French law) and do not form a single series with securities issued before 1 March 2010 
Payments of interest and assimilated income with respect to Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB or Crédit 
Agricole CIB FS which constitute debt instruments for French tax purposes (other than Securities which are 
consolidated (assimilables for the purposes of French law) and form a single series with securities issued prior to 
1 March 2010 with the benefit of Article 131 quater of the French Code général des impôts) will not be subject to 
the withholding tax provided by Article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts unless such payments 
are made outside France in a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non coopératif) within the 
meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts (a Non-Cooperative State) other than those 
mentioned in Article 238-0 A, 2 bis, 2° of the French Code général des impôts. If such payments under such 
Securities are made outside France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in Article 238-0 A, 2 
bis, 2° of the French Code général des impôts, a 75 per cent. withholding tax will be applicable (regardless of the 
tax residence of the holders of Securities and subject to certain exceptions and to the provisions of an applicable 
double tax treaty) by virtue of Article 125 A, III of the French Code général des impôts. The list of Non-
Cooperative States is published by a ministerial executive order and is generally updated on an annual basis. 
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French Code général des impôts, interest and assimilated income 
with respect to such Securities will not be deductible from Crédit Agricole CIB or Crédit Agricole CIB FS's taxable 
income if they are paid or accrued to persons domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid to an 
account held with a financial institution established in a Non-Cooperative State (the Deductibility Exclusion). 
Under certain conditions, any such non-deductible interest and assimilated income may be recharacterised as 
constructive dividends pursuant to Articles 109 et seq. of the French Code général des impôts, in which case such 
non-deductible interest and assimilated income may be subject to the withholding tax provided by Article 119 bis 
2 of the French Code général des impôts, at (a) a rate of 12.8 per cent. for payments benefiting individuals who 
are not French tax residents, (b) the standard corporate income tax rate set forth in the first sentence of the second 
paragraph of Article 219-I of the French Code général des impôts (i.e. 26.5 per cent. for fiscal years beginning as 
from 1 January 2021) for payments benefiting legal persons who are not French tax residents or (c) a rate of 75 
per cent. for payments made outside France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in Article 238-
0 A, 2 bis, 2° of the French Code général des impôts (subject to certain exceptions and to the provisions of an 
applicable double tax treaty). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75 per cent. withholding tax provided by Article 125 A III of the French 
Code général des impôts nor the Deductibility Exclusion will apply in respect of an issue of Securities if the 
relevant Issuer can prove that the main purpose and effect of such issue of such Securities were not that of allowing 
the payments of interest and assimilated income to be made in a Non-Cooperative State (the Exception). Pursuant 
to the official guidelines issued by the French tax authorities (BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30-24/02/2021, no. 150, BOI-
RPPM-RCM-30-10-20-40-20/12/2019, BOI-IR-DOMIC-10-20-20-60-20/12/2019, no. 10), an issue of such 
Securities will benefit from the Exception without the relevant Issuer having to provide any proof of the purpose 
and effect of such issue of Securities, if such Securities are: 
(a) 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier or pursuant to an equivalent offer in a State other than a Non-Cooperative State. For this 
purpose, an "equivalent offer" means any offer requiring the registration or submission of an offer 
document by or with a foreign securities market authority; and/or

--- Page 907 ---
Taxation 
 
 
907 
(b) 
admitted to trading on a French or foreign regulated market or multilateral securities trading system 
provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the operation of such 
market is carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider or any other similar foreign 
entity, provided further that such market operator, investment services provider or entity is not located in 
a Non-Cooperative State; and/or 
(c) 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities delivery and 
payment systems operator as referred to in Article L.561-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier, or 
of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators provided that such depositary or operator is not 
located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB or Crédit Agricole CIB FS which are consolidated (assimilables for the 
purposes of French law) and form a single series with securities issued before 1 March 2010 
Payments of interest and assimilated income with respect to Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB or Crédit 
Agricole CIB FS which constitute debt instruments for French tax purposes and which are consolidated 
(assimilables for the purposes of French law) and form a single series with securities issued before 1 March 2010 
with the benefit of Article 131 quater of the French Code général des impôts will be exempt from the withholding 
tax provided by Article 125 A, III of the French Code général des impôts. 
Securities issued before 1 March 2010, whether denominated in euro or in any other currency, and constituting 
obligations under French law, or titres de créances négociables within the meaning of the official guidelines of 
the French tax authorities (BOI-RPPM-RCM-30-10-30-30-20/12/2019, no. 50), or other debt securities issued 
under French or foreign law and considered by the French tax authorities as falling into similar categories, are 
deemed to be issued outside France for the purpose of Article 131 quater of the French Code général des impôts 
pursuant to the above-mentioned guidelines. 
In addition, payments of interest or assimilated income with respect to Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB 
or Crédit Agricole CIB FS which constitute debt instruments for French tax purposes, which are issued from 1 
March 2010 and which are consolidated (assimilables for the purpose of French law) and form a single series with 
securities issued before 1 March 2010 will be subject neither to the Deductibility Exclusion nor as a result to the 
withholding tax set out in Article 119 bis 2 of the French Code général des impôts solely on account of their being 
paid to an account held with a financial institution established in a Non-Cooperative State or accrued or paid to 
persons established or domiciled in a Non-Cooperative State. 
(i) 
Withholding taxes on payments made to individuals fiscally domiciled in France 
Pursuant to Article 125 A, I of the French Code général des impôts (i.e. where the paying agent (établissement 
payeur) is established in France), subject to certain exceptions, interest and assimilated income received by 
individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject to a 12.8 per cent. withholding 
tax, which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which the payment has 
been made. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) are also levied by way of withholding at an 
aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent. on such interest and assimilated income received by individuals who are fiscally 
domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France, subject to certain exceptions. 
(b) 
Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB or Crédit Agricole CIB FS not constituting debt 
instruments for French tax purposes 
Payments with respect to Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB or Crédit Agricole CIB FS which do not 
constitute debt instruments for French tax purposes should not be subject to, or should be exempt from, withholding 
tax in France provided that the relevant holder of such Securities is resident or domiciled in a country which has 
entered into an appropriate double tax treaty with France and fulfils the relevant requirements set out in such 
double tax treaty. 
Furthermore, payments in respect of such Securities may, in certain circumstances, be non-deductible (in whole 
or in part) for French tax purposes if they are paid or accrued to persons domiciled or established in a Non-
Cooperative State or paid to an account held with a financial institution established in such a Non-Cooperative 
State. Under certain conditions, and subject to the more favourable provisions of an applicable double tax treaty,

--- Page 908 ---
Taxation 
 
 
908 
such non-deductible payments may be recharacterised as constructive dividends pursuant to Articles 109 et seq. 
of the French Code général des impôts and subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 119 bis 2 of the 
French Code général des impôts at a rate of up to 75 per cent.. 
Potential purchasers of Securities who are resident or domiciled in a country which has not entered into an 
appropriate double tax treaty with France or who are domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State are 
advised to consult their own appropriate independent and professionally qualified tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences of any investment in, ownership of or transactions involving the Securities. 
Transfer tax and other taxes 
The following may be relevant in connection with Securities which may be settled or redeemed by way of physical 
delivery of (i) certain French listed shares (or certain assimilated securities) or (ii) securities representing such 
listed shares (or assimilated securities). 
Pursuant to Article 235 ter ZD of the French Code général des impôts, a financial transaction tax (the French 
FTT) is applicable to any acquisition for consideration, resulting in a transfer of ownership, of (i) an equity security 
(titre de capital) as defined by Article L.212-1 A of the French Code monétaire et financier or an assimilated 
equity security (titre de capital assimilé) as defined by Article L.211-41 of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange where the said security is issued by a company whose 
registered office is located in France and whose market capitalisation exceeds 1 billion Euros on 1 December of 
the year preceding the year in which the imposition occurs (the French Shares) or (ii) a security (titre) representing 
the French Shares (irrespective of the location of the registered office of the issuer of such security). The French 
FTT could apply in certain circumstances to the acquisition of French Shares (or securities representing the French 
Shares) in connection with the exercise, settlement or redemption of any Securities. 
There are a number of exemptions from the French FTT and investors should consult their counsel to identify 
whether they can benefit from them. 
The rate of the French FTT is 0.3 per cent. of the acquisition value of the French Shares (or securities representing 
the French Shares).  
If the French FTT applies to an acquisition of shares, this transaction is exempt from transfer taxes (droits de 
mutation à titre onéreux) which generally apply at a rate of 0.1 per cent. to the sale of shares issued by a company 
whose registered office is located in France, provided that in case of shares listed on a recognised stock exchange, 
transfer taxes are due only if the transfer is evidenced by a written deed or agreement. 
TAXATION IN LUXEMBOURG  
The statements herein regarding withholding tax considerations in Luxembourg are based on the laws in force in 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as of the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law. 
The following information is of a general nature only, is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal 
or tax advice, and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the Luxembourg tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Securities. In particular, such information 
does not describe the tax consequences for a holder of Securities that are redeemable in exchange for, or convertible 
into, shares. Each prospective holder or beneficial owner of the Securities should consult its tax advisor with 
respect to particular circumstances, the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg law, to which 
they may be subject and as to their tax position, as a result of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the 
Securities. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax or a similar tax, 
or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding tax 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect and with the possible exception of interest paid to Luxembourg 
resident individual holders of the Securities, there is no Luxembourg withholding tax on payments of interest

--- Page 909 ---
Taxation 
 
 
909 
(including accrued but unpaid interest) or upon repayment of principal or premium in case of reimbursement, 
redemption, repurchase or exchange of the Securities. 
Luxembourg non-residents 
Under Luxembourg tax laws currently in effect, there is no Luxembourg withholding tax under the Securities on 
payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) made to non-resident holders of Securities, nor is any 
Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon repayment of principal or premium in case of reimbursement, 
redemption, repurchase or exchange of the Securities. 
Luxembourg residents 
Subject to the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended (the Relibi Law), there is under Luxembourg 
tax laws currently in effect no Luxembourg withholding tax under the Securities on payments of interest (including 
accrued but unpaid interest) made to resident holders of Securities, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable 
upon repayment of principal or premium in case of reimbursement, redemption, repurchase or exchange of the 
Securities. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established in 
Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg are subject to a withholding tax 
of 20 per cent. as of 1 January 2017. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial 
owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the 
withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent.

--- Page 910 ---
Taxation 
 
 
910 
ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
Each purchaser or holder of a Security shall be deemed to have represented by such purchase and/or 
holding that it is not a benefit plan investor, is not using the assets of a benefit plan investor to acquire the 
Securities, and shall not at any time hold such Securities for or on behalf of a benefit plan investor. For the 
purposes hereof, "benefit plan investor" means (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of 
the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, (ERISA)), that is subject to Title 
I of ERISA (b) a plan described in Section 4975(e)(1) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, 
or (c) any entity whose underlying assets include plan assets by reason of a plan's investment in the entity 
under U.S. Department of Labor Regulations § 2510.3-101 (29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101), as amended by Section 
3(42) of ERISA.

--- Page 911 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
911 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
This section sets out an overview of certain restrictions regarding who can purchase the Securities in certain 
jurisdictions. 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 7 May 2021 (the Programme 
Agreement), agreed with the relevant Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree 
to purchase Securities. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Securities" and 
"Terms and Conditions of the Securities". In the Programme Agreement, the relevant Issuer has agreed to 
reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the update of the Programme and the issue 
of Securities under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in 
connection therewith. For the avoidance of doubt, references to the Securities include both the Securities and the 
Guarantee, where applicable. 
UNITED STATES TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Securities that are located in the United States or that 
are U.S. persons are advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other 
transfer of such Securities. 
Each purchaser of Registered Securities or person wishing to transfer an interest from one Registered Global 
Security to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, will be required to acknowledge, represent and 
agree as follows (terms used in this paragraph shall have the meaning assigned to them in Rule 144A, Regulation 
S or Section 3(c)(7) and, in each case, the rules and regulations thereunder, as applicable): 
(a) 
that it has received a copy of this Base Prospectus and any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus 
relating to the Securities, has carefully read this Base Prospectus and any applicable supplement to this 
Base Prospectus and understands the risks relating to its purchase of the Securities. The purchaser has 
such knowledge and experience in business and financial matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits 
and risks of an investment in the Securities. The purchaser understands that its investment in the Securities 
is speculative and involves a high degree of risk, including the possible loss of the purchaser's entire 
investment, and the purchaser is financially able to bear such loss; 
(b) 
that either (i) with respect to U.S. Securities, it is (1) a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Securities for its 
own account or for the account of one or more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in 
reliance on Rule 144A and, where required, in the case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL, it is also a QP purchasing (or holding) the Securities for its own account or for 
the account of one or more QPs or (2) it is located outside the United States and is not a U.S. person and 
it is not purchasing (or holding) the U.S. Securities for the account or benefit of a U.S. person or (ii) with 
respect to any other Securities, it is located outside the United States and is a Permitted Transferee; 
(c) 
that (i) the Issuers have not been and will not be registered under the Investment Company Act, (ii) no 
person has registered or will register as a commodity pool operator of the relevant Issuer under the CEA 
and the CEA Rules, (iii) the Securities and the Guarantee are being offered and sold in a transaction not 
involving a public offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, (iv) the 
Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. 
State securities laws, (v) except for U.S. Securities, the Securities may not be offered, sold, pledged or 
otherwise transferred at any time except in an "Offshore Transaction" (as such term is defined under 
Regulation S) to or for the account of a Permitted Transferee and (vi) the U.S. Securities may not be 
offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons  except as set forth 
below and, where required, in the case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole 
CIB FL, none of Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL have registered, or will register, as 
an "investment company" under the Investment Company Act, and any transfers of such Securities will 
only be made in compliance with Section 3(c)(7) thereof; 
(d) 
that, in cases where it holds an interest in a U.S. Security in reliance on Rule 144A, if in the future it 
decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer (i) any U.S. Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB or 
any beneficial interests in such U.S. Securities, it will do so, prior to the date which is one year after the

--- Page 912 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
912 
later of the last Issue Date for the Series, the last date on which the relevant Issuer or an affiliate of the 
relevant Issuer was the owner of such U.S. Securities, and (ii) any U.S. Securities issued by, Crédit 
Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL at any time, only (A) to the relevant Issuer or any affiliate 
thereof, (B) inside the United States to a person whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing 
for its own account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A 
and, where required, in the case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB 
FL, to a person who is also a QP at the time it purchases the Securities, or is purchasing for the account 
of another QP, (C) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities 
Act, or (D) pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act 
(if available), and where required, in the case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit 
Agricole CIB FL, to a person who is a QP at the time it purchases any Securities, in each case in 
accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; 
(e) 
that, where required, in the case of U.S. Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole 
CIB FL, (i) it is not a participant-directed employee plan; (ii) that it was not formed for the purpose of 
investing in the relevant Issuer unless each of its beneficial owners is a QIB and a QP, (iii) it understands 
that the relevant Issuer may receive a list of participants holding positions in its securities from DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, (iv) if it is an investment company exempted 
from the Investment Company Act under Section 3(c)(7) thereof and formed before 30 April 1996, it has 
received consent from its beneficial owners with respect to the treatment of such entity as a "qualified 
purchaser" in the manner required by Section 2(a)(51)(C) of the Investment Company Act and the rules 
and regulations thereunder and (v) it will not have invested more than 40 per cent. of its assets in securities 
of the relevant Issuer subsequent to any purchase of securities of the relevant Issuer, and any sales or 
transfers of U.S. Securities in violation of the foregoing and of paragraph (c) above shall be prohibited 
and treated by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Registrar as void ab initio and will not be 
honoured by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Issuer shall have the right at any time, at the expense and 
risk of the holder of the U.S. Securities held by or on behalf of a U.S. person who is not a qualified 
purchaser at the time it purchases such Securities, (A) to redeem such Securities, in whole or in part, to 
permit such Issuer to avoid registration under the Investment Company Act or (B) to require such holder 
to sell such U.S. Securities to a QIB who is also a QP in accordance with Rule 144A or to a non-U.S. 
person outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S; 
(f) 
it understands and agrees that the relevant Issuer has the right to compel any legal or beneficial owner of 
an interest in the Securities (other than U.S. Securities) to certify periodically that such legal or beneficial 
owner is, or is acting for the account or benefit of, a Permitted Transferee; 
(g) 
it understands and acknowledges that the relevant Issuer has the right to refuse to honour the transfer of 
an interest in the Securities in violation of the transfer restrictions applicable to the Securities; 
(h) 
it understands and acknowledges that the relevant Issuer has the right at any time after becoming aware 
that any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a Security (other than a U.S. Security) is held by a person 
who is not a Permitted Transferee to require such person to sell such interest to (i) an affiliate of such 
Issuer (to the extent permitted by applicable law) or (ii) a person who is a Permitted Transferee;  
(i) 
 it understands that any purported transfer in violation of the transfer restrictions will be void ab initio 
and, except with respect to U.S. Securities, will not operate to transfer any rights to a person who is not a 
Permitted Transferee; 
(j) 
it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Securities from it of the 
resale restrictions herein and include as part of such transaction any legends or other disclosure required 
by such restrictions, if then applicable; 
(k) 
that Securities initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more Rule 144A 
Global Securities and that Securities offered outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S will be 
represented by one or more Regulation S Global Securities; 
(l) 
that the Rule 144A Global Securities representing U.S. Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB will bear 
a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the relevant Issuer:

--- Page 913 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
913 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY AND 
ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES 
OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN 
THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) 
REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 
144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS; 
(B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE SECURITIES 
EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND, PRIOR TO THE DATE 
WHICH IS ONE YEAR AFTER THE LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES AND 
THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE 
OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES OTHER THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE 
THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER 
REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING 
OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION 
MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR 
(4) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE), IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY 
OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO 
WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF 
THIS LEGEND. 
THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED 
TO AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(3) OF THE UNITED 
STATES EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED 
("ERISA"), SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF PART 4 OF SUBTITLE B OF TITLE I OF ERISA, 
A PLAN TO WHICH SECTION 4975 OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 
1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE"), APPLIES, AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" BY REASON OF SUCH AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR 
PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN SUCH ENTITY, OR ANY GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON U.S. 
PLAN (A "SIMILAR LAW PLAN") WHICH IS SUBJECT TO FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON 
U.S. OR OTHER LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR SECTION 
4975 OF THE CODE ("SIMILAR LAWS"). 
THE FAILURE TO PROVIDE THE ISSUER AND ANY PAYING AGENT WITH THE APPLICABLE 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CERTIFICATIONS (GENERALLY, A U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE 
SERVICE FORM W-9 (OR SUCCESSOR APPLICABLE FORM) IN THE CASE OF A PERSON 
THAT IS A "UNITED STATES PERSON" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 7701(A)(30) OF 
THE CODE OR AN APPLICABLE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE FORM W-8 (OR 
SUCCESSOR APPLICABLE FORM) IN THE CASE OF A PERSON THAT IS NOT A "UNITED 
STATES PERSON" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 7701(A)(30) OF THE CODE) MAY 
RESULT IN U.S. FEDERAL BACK-UP WITHHOLDING FROM PAYMENTS TO THE HOLDER IN 
RESPECT OF THIS SECURITY. 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR 
SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE 
TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO 
MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER 
TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR 
REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO

--- Page 914 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
914 
RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER 
OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO 
HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL 
BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF 
THIS SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION 
THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON). FOR THE 
AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, REFERENCES TO THE SECURITY HEREIN INCLUDE BOTH THE 
SECURITIES AND THE GUARANTEE ON THE SECURITIES. 
UNLESS THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE 
OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION, (DTC), TO THE 
ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND 
ANY REGISTERED SECURITY ISSUED IN EXCHANGE FOR THIS GLOBAL SECURITY OR 
ANY PORTION HEREOF IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER 
NAME AS IS REQUIRED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY 
PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN 
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE 
HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A 
NOMINEE THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS MUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, 
CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITORY 
TRUST COMPANY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES 
SET FORTH IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY, AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE OR 
IN PART, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS 
LEGEND. BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE 
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LEGEND."; 
(m) 
that the Rule 144A Securities in definitive form representing U.S. Securities issued by Crédit Agricole 
CIB will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the relevant Issuer: 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY AND 
ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES 
OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN 
THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) 
REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 
144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS; 
(B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE SECURITIES 
EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND, PRIOR TO THE DATE 
WHICH IS ONE YEAR AFTER THE LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES AND 
THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE 
OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES OTHER THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE 
THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER 
REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING 
OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AND THAT, PRIOR TO SUCH 
TRANSFER, FURNISHES TO THE REGISTRAR A DULY EXECUTED INVESTMENT LETTER IN 
A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED 
STATES IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR 
(4) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE), IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY 
OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO

--- Page 915 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
915 
WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF 
THIS LEGEND. 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR 
SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE 
TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO 
MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER 
TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR 
REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO 
RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER 
OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO 
HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL 
BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF 
THIS SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION 
THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON). FOR THE 
AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, REFERENCES TO THE SECURITY HEREIN INCLUDE BOTH THE 
SECURITIES AND THE GUARANTEE ON THE SECURITIES. 
THE FAILURE TO PROVIDE THE ISSUER AND ANY PAYING AGENT WITH THE APPLICABLE 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CERTIFICATIONS (GENERALLY, A U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE 
SERVICE FORM W-9 (OR SUCCESSOR APPLICABLE FORM) IN THE CASE OF A PERSON 
THAT IS A "UNITED STATES PERSON" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 7701(A)(30) OF 
THE CODE OR AN APPLICABLE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE FORM W-8 (OR 
SUCCESSOR APPLICABLE FORM) IN THE CASE OF A PERSON THAT IS NOT A "UNITED 
STATES PERSON" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 7701(A)(30) OF THE CODE) MAY 
RESULT IN U.S. FEDERAL BACK-UP WITHHOLDING FROM PAYMENTS TO THE HOLDER IN 
RESPECT OF THIS SECURITY. " 
(n) 
that the Rule 144A Global Securities representing U.S. Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL will bear a legend to the following effect if the relevant Final Terms indicate that 
the relevant Issuer is relying on Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act, unless otherwise agreed 
to by the relevant Issuer: 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND THE ISSUER OF THIS SECURITY HAS NOT 
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, 
AS AMENDED (THE "INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT"). ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY 
AND ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN 
THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) 
REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 
144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) WHO IS ALSO A "QUALIFIED PURCHASER" (AS 
DEFINED IN SECTION 2(a)(51) OF THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT AND THE RULES 
THEREUNDER) PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS WHO IS ALSO A 
QUALIFIED PURCHASER; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFER THE SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT 
AND (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO 
A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL 
BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT WHO IS ALSO 
A QUALIFIED PURCHASER PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT 
OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AND A QUALIFIED PURCHASER IN A 
TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED 
STATES TO A NON-U.S. PERSON IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, OR (4) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION 
PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) TO A QUALIFIED

--- Page 916 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
916 
PURCHASER, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS 
OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) 
AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS SECURITY IS 
TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. 
TRANSFERS IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING WILL BE OF NO FORCE AND EFFECT, 
WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE 
TRANSFEREE, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO THE 
ISSUER OF THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTERMEDIARY. IF THE ISSUER DETERMINES THAT 
ANY BENEFICIAL OWNER OR HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY (i) IS A U.S. PERSON THAT IS 
NOT A QUALIFIED PURCHASER OR (ii) PURCHASED THIS SECURITY IN BREACH OF THE 
DEEMED OR ACTUAL REPRESENTATIONS GIVEN BY SUCH HOLDER UPON THE 
PURCHASE OF THIS SECURITY, THE ISSUER MAY (a) REDEEM THIS SECURITY AT THE 
EARLY REDEMPTION AMOUNT OR (b) REQUIRE THAT SUCH BENEFICIAL OWNER OR 
HOLDER SELL ALL OF ITS RIGHT, TITLE AND INTEREST IN THIS SECURITY TO A PERSON 
WHO IS EITHER A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AND A QUALIFIED PURCHASER 
MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR A NON-U.S. 
PERSON IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF 
REGULATION S, WITH SUCH SALE TO BE EFFECTED WITHIN 30 DAYS AFTER NOTICE OF 
SUCH SALE REQUIREMENT IS GIVEN. IF SUCH SALE IS NOT EFFECTED WITHIN SUCH 30 
DAYS, UPON WRITTEN DIRECTION FROM THE ISSUER, THE TRUSTEE WILL BE 
AUTHORISED TO CONDUCT A COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE SALE OF SUCH SECURITIES 
TO A PERSON WHO IS EITHER A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AND A QUALIFIED 
PURCHASER MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR 
A NON-U.S. PERSON IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF 
REGULATION S, AND, PENDING TRANSFER, NO FURTHER PAYMENTS WILL BE MADE IN 
RESPECT OF SUCH SECURITIES OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN. 
THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED 
TO AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(3) OF THE UNITED 
STATES EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED 
("ERISA"), SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF PART 4 OF SUBTITLE B OF TITLE I OF ERISA, 
A PLAN TO WHICH SECTION 4975 OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 
1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE"), APPLIES, AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" BY REASON OF SUCH AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR 
PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN SUCH ENTITY, OR ANY GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON U.S. 
PLAN (A "SIMILAR LAW PLAN") WHICH IS SUBJECT TO FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON 
U.S. OR OTHER LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR SECTION 
4975 OF THE CODE ("SIMILAR LAWS"). 
THE FAILURE TO PROVIDE THE ISSUER AND ANY PAYING AGENT WITH THE APPLICABLE 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CERTIFICATIONS (GENERALLY, A U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE 
SERVICE FORM W-9 (OR SUCCESSOR APPLICABLE FORM) IN THE CASE OF A PERSON 
THAT IS A "UNITED STATES PERSON" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 7701(A)(30) OF 
THE CODE OR AN APPLICABLE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE FORM W-8 (OR 
SUCCESSOR APPLICABLE FORM) IN THE CASE OF A PERSON THAT IS NOT A "UNITED 
STATES PERSON" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 7701(A)(30) OF THE CODE) MAY 
RESULT IN U.S. FEDERAL BACK-UP WITHHOLDING FROM PAYMENTS TO THE HOLDER IN 
RESPECT OF THIS SECURITY. 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR 
SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE 
TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO 
MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER 
TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR

--- Page 917 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
917 
REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO 
RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER 
OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO 
HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL 
BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF 
THIS SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION 
THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON). FOR THE 
AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, REFERENCES TO THE SECURITY HEREIN INCLUDE BOTH THE 
SECURITIES AND THE GUARANTEE ON THE SECURITIES. 
UNLESS THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE 
OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION, (DTC), TO THE 
ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND 
ANY REGISTERED SECURITY ISSUED IN EXCHANGE FOR THIS GLOBAL SECURITY OR 
ANY PORTION HEREOF IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER 
NAME AS IS REQUIRED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY 
PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN 
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE 
HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A 
NOMINEE THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS MUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, 
CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITORY 
TRUST COMPANY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES 
SET FORTH IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY, AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE OR 
IN PART, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS 
LEGEND. BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE 
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LEGEND."; 
(o) 
that the Rule 144A Securities in definitive form representing U.S. Securities issued by Crédit Agricole 
CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL will bear a legend to the following effect if the relevant Final Terms 
indicate that the relevant Issuer is relying on Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act, unless 
otherwise agreed to by the relevant Issuer: 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND THE ISSUER OF THIS SECURITY HAS NOT 
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, 
AS AMENDED (THE "INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT"). ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY 
AND ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN 
THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) 
REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 
144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) WHO IS ALSO A "QUALIFIED PURCHASER" (AS 
DEFINED IN SECTION 2(a)(51) OF THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT AND THE RULES 
THEREUNDER) PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS WHO IS ALSO A 
QUALIFIED PURCHASER; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFER THE SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT 
AND (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO 
A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL 
BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT WHO IS ALSO 
A QUALIFIED PURCHASER PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT 
OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AND A QUALIFIED PURCHASER AND THAT, 
PRIOR TO SUCH TRANSFER, FURNISHES TO THE REGISTRAR A DULY EXECUTED 
INVESTMENT LETTER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, 
(3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A NON-U.S. PERSON IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE

--- Page 918 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
918 
903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (4) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION 
FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF 
AVAILABLE) TO A QUALIFIED PURCHASER, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY 
OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO 
WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF 
THIS LEGEND. 
TRANSFERS IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING WILL BE OF NO FORCE AND EFFECT, 
WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE 
TRANSFEREE, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO THE 
ISSUER OF THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTERMEDIARY. IF THE ISSUER DETERMINES THAT 
ANY BENEFICIAL OWNER OR HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY (i) IS A U.S. PERSON THAT IS 
NOT A QUALIFIED PURCHASER OR (ii) PURCHASED THIS SECURITY IN BREACH OF THE 
DEEMED OR ACTUAL REPRESENTATIONS GIVEN BY SUCH HOLDER UPON THE 
PURCHASE OF THIS SECURITY, THE ISSUER MAY (a) REDEEM THIS SECURITY AT THE 
EARLY REDEMPTION AMOUNT OR (b) REQUIRE THAT SUCH BENEFICIAL OWNER OR 
HOLDER SELL ALL OF ITS RIGHT, TITLE AND INTEREST IN THIS SECURITY TO A PERSON 
WHO IS EITHER A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AND A QUALIFIED PURCHASER 
MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR A NON-U.S. 
PERSON IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF 
REGULATION S, WITH SUCH SALE TO BE EFFECTED WITHIN 30 DAYS AFTER NOTICE OF 
SUCH SALE REQUIREMENT IS GIVEN. IF SUCH SALE IS NOT EFFECTED WITHIN SUCH 30 
DAYS, UPON WRITTEN DIRECTION FROM THE ISSUER, THE TRUSTEE WILL BE 
AUTHORISED TO CONDUCT A COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE SALE OF SUCH SECURITIES 
TO A PERSON WHO IS EITHER A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AND A QUALIFIED 
PURCHASER MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR 
A NON-U.S. PERSON IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF 
REGULATION S, AND, PENDING TRANSFER, NO FURTHER PAYMENTS WILL BE MADE IN 
RESPECT OF SUCH SECURITIES OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN.THIS SECURITY 
AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE AGENCY 
AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME 
TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH 
SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS 
ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO 
REFLECT 
ANY 
CHANGE 
IN 
APPLICABLE 
LAW 
OR 
REGULATION 
(OR 
THE 
INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER 
TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY 
SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO 
ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE 
AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY 
AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER 
OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON). FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, 
REFERENCES TO THE SECURITY HEREIN INCLUDE BOTH THE SECURITIES AND THE 
GUARANTEE ON THE SECURITIES. 
THE FAILURE TO PROVIDE THE ISSUER AND ANY PAYING AGENT WITH THE APPLICABLE 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CERTIFICATIONS (GENERALLY, A U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE 
SERVICE FORM W-9 (OR SUCCESSOR APPLICABLE FORM) IN THE CASE OF A PERSON 
THAT IS A "UNITED STATES PERSON" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 7701(A)(30) OF 
THE CODE OR AN APPLICABLE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE FORM W-8 (OR 
SUCCESSOR APPLICABLE FORM) IN THE CASE OF A PERSON THAT IS NOT A "UNITED 
STATES PERSON" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 7701(A)(30) OF THE CODE) MAY 
RESULT IN U.S. FEDERAL BACK-UP WITHHOLDING FROM PAYMENTS TO THE HOLDER IN 
RESPECT OF THIS SECURITY. "

--- Page 919 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
919 
(p) 
with respect to U.S. Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB, if it is outside the U.S. and is not a U.S. 
person, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer the U.S. Securities prior to the expiration of the 
Distribution Compliance Period (defined as 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering 
and the Issue Date), it will do so only (a)(i) outside the U.S. in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under 
the Securities Act or (ii) to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A and (b) in accordance with all applicable 
U.S. state securities laws; and it acknowledges that the U.S. Securities represented by Regulation S 
Securities either in global or definitive form will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS. ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY AND ANY 
INTEREST THEREIN MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT IN RESPECT OF THIS SECURITY (THE "AGENCY 
AGREEMENT") AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT. UNTIL THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 DAYS AFTER THE LATER 
OF THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE OFFERING AND THE ISSUE DATE, SALES MAY NOT BE 
MADE IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO U.S. PERSONS UNLESS MADE (I) PURSUANT TO RULE 
903 OR 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (II) TO "QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS" AS DEFINED IN, AND IN TRANSACTIONS PURSUANT TO, RULE 
144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
 
THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED 
TO AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(3) OF THE UNITED 
STATES EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED 
("ERISA"), SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF PART 4 OF SUBTITLE B OF TITLE I OF ERISA, 
A PLAN TO WHICH SECTION 4975 OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 
1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE"), APPLIES, AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" BY REASON OF SUCH AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR 
PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN SUCH ENTITY, OR ANY GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON U.S. 
PLAN (A "SIMILAR LAW PLAN") WHICH IS SUBJECT TO FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON 
U.S. OR OTHER LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR SECTION 
4975 OF THE CODE ("SIMILAR LAWS"). 
THE FAILURE TO PROVIDE THE ISSUER AND ANY PAYING AGENT WITH THE 
APPROPRIATE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CERTIFICATIONS (GENERALLY, A U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE FORM W-9 (OR SUCCESSOR APPLICABLE FORM) IN THE 
CASE OF A PERSON THAT IS A "UNITED STATES PERSON" WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
SECTION 7701(a)(30) OF THE CODE OR AN APPLICABLE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE 
FORM W-8 (OR SUCCESSOR APPROPRIATE FORM) IN THE CASE OF A PERSON THAT IS NOT 
A "UNITED STATES PERSON" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 7701(a)(30) OF THE 
CODE) MAY RESULT IN U.S. FEDERAL BACK-UP WITHHOLDING FROM PAYMENTS TO THE 
HOLDER IN RESPECT OF THIS SECURITY. 
ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE, AS AMENDED." 
(q) 
with respect to U.S. Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL, if it is outside 
the U.S. and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer the U.S. Securities, it will 
do so only (a)(i) outside the U.S. in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or (ii) to a 
QIB who is also a QP, or is purchasing for the account of another QP, in compliance with Rule 144A and 
(b) in accordance with all applicable U.S. state securities laws; and it acknowledges that the U.S.

--- Page 920 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
920 
Securities represented by Regulation S Securities either in global or definitive form will bear a legend to 
the following effect: 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND THE ISSUER OF THIS SECURITY HAS NOT 
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, 
AS AMENDED (THE "INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT"). ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY 
AND ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN 
THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) 
REPRESENTS THAT IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON AND IS PURCHASING THE SECURITY 
OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFER THE SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT 
AND (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO 
A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL 
BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT WHO IS ALSO 
A QUALIFIED PURCHASER PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT 
OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AND A QUALIFIED PURCHASER IN A 
TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED 
STATES TO A NON-U.S. PERSON IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, OR (4) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION 
PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) TO A QUALIFIED 
PURCHASER, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS 
OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) 
AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS SECURITY IS 
TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND.TRANSFERS 
IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING WILL BE OF NO FORCE AND EFFECT, WILL BE VOID 
AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE, 
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO THE ISSUER OF THIS 
SECURITY OR ANY INTERMEDIARY. IF THE ISSUER DETERMINES THAT ANY BENEFICIAL 
OWNER OR HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY (i) IS A U.S. PERSON THAT IS NOT A QUALIFIED 
PURCHASER OR (ii) PURCHASED THIS SECURITY IN BREACH OF THE DEEMED OR 
ACTUAL REPRESENTATIONS GIVEN BY SUCH HOLDER UPON THE PURCHASE OF THIS 
SECURITY, THE ISSUER MAY (a) REDEEM THIS SECURITY AT THE EARLY REDEMPTION 
AMOUNT OR (b) REQUIRE THAT SUCH BENEFICIAL OWNER OR HOLDER SELL ALL OF ITS 
RIGHT, TITLE AND INTEREST IN THIS SECURITY TO A PERSON WHO IS EITHER A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AND A QUALIFIED PURCHASER MEETING THE 
REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR A NON-U.S. PERSON IN AN 
OFFSHORE TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF REGULATION S, WITH 
SUCH SALE TO BE EFFECTED WITHIN 30 DAYS AFTER NOTICE OF SUCH SALE 
REQUIREMENT IS GIVEN. IF SUCH SALE IS NOT EFFECTED WITHIN SUCH 30 DAYS, UPON 
WRITTEN DIRECTION FROM THE ISSUER, THE TRUSTEE WILL BE AUTHORISED TO 
CONDUCT A COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE SALE OF SUCH SECURITIES TO A PERSON 
WHO IS EITHER A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AND A QUALIFIED PURCHASER 
MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR A NON-U.S. 
PERSON IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF 
REGULATION S, AND, PENDING TRANSFER, NO FURTHER PAYMENTS WILL BE MADE IN 
RESPECT OF SUCH SECURITIES OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN. 
THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED 
TO AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(3) OF THE UNITED 
STATES EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED 
("ERISA"), SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF PART 4 OF SUBTITLE B OF TITLE I OF ERISA, 
A PLAN TO WHICH SECTION 4975 OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 
1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE"), APPLIES, AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" BY REASON OF SUCH AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR 
PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN SUCH ENTITY, OR ANY GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON U.S.

--- Page 921 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
921 
PLAN (A "SIMILAR LAW PLAN") WHICH IS SUBJECT TO FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON 
U.S. OR OTHER LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR SECTION 
4975 OF THE CODE ("SIMILAR LAWS"). 
THE FAILURE TO PROVIDE THE ISSUER AND ANY PAYING AGENT WITH THE 
APPROPRIATE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CERTIFICATIONS (GENERALLY, A U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE FORM W-9 (OR SUCCESSOR APPLICABLE FORM) IN THE 
CASE OF A PERSON THAT IS A "UNITED STATES PERSON" WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
SECTION 7701(a)(30) OF THE CODE OR AN APPLICABLE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE 
FORM W-8 (OR SUCCESSOR APPROPRIATE FORM) IN THE CASE OF A PERSON THAT IS NOT 
A "UNITED STATES PERSON" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 7701(a)(30) OF THE 
CODE) MAY RESULT IN U.S. FEDERAL BACK-UP WITHHOLDING FROM PAYMENTS TO THE 
HOLDER IN RESPECT OF THIS SECURITY. 
ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE, AS AMENDED." 
(r) 
with respect to all Securities other than U.S. Securities, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer any 
Securities at any time, it will do so only to a Permitted Transferee outside the United States in compliance 
with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act; and it acknowledges that the Securities in global form will 
bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the relevant Issuer: 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR WITH ANY 
SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION, AND 
THE ISSUER OF THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE "INVESTMENT COMPANY 
ACT"). 
EACH PERSON WHO PURCHASES OR OTHERWISE ACQUIRES AN INTEREST IN THIS 
SECURITY IS DEEMED TO (1) REPRESENT THAT IT IS NOT (A) A "U.S. PERSON" AS DEFINED 
IN REGULATION S; (B) A PERSON OTHER THAN A "NON-UNITED STATES PERSON" AS 
DEFINED AS DEFINED IN CFTC RULE 4.7 UNDER THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT 
(EXCLUDING FOR PURPOSES OF CFTC RULE 4.7(A)(1)(IV)(D) THE EXCEPTION FOR 
QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE PERSONS WHO ARE NOT NON-UNITED STATES PERSONS); (C) A 
"U.S. PERSON" AS DESCRIBED IN THE "INTERPRETATIVE GUIDANCE AND POLICY 
STATEMENT 
REGARDING 
COMPLIANCE 
WITH 
CERTAIN 
SWAP 
REGULATIONS" 
PROMULGATED BY THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION; OR (D) ANY 
OTHER "U.S. PERSON" AS SUCH TERM MAY BE DEFINED IN REGULATION S OR IN 
REGULATIONS OR GUIDANCE ADOPTED UNDER THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT, 
IN EACH CASE AS SUCH DEFINITION MAY BE AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (EACH 
SUCH PERSON, A NON-PERMITTED TRANSFEREE), (2) AGREE THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, 
SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH INTEREST EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND, OTHER THAN (A) TO THE ISSUER, OR (B) OUTSIDE 
THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON OTHER THAN A NON-PERMITTED TRANSFEREE IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (3) AGREE  
THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A 
NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND AND (D) UNDERSTAND THAT 
THE ISSUER MAY RECEIVE A LIST OF PARTICIPANTS OR ACCOUNTHOLDERS HOLDING 
POSITIONS IN ITS SECURITIES FROM EUROCLEAR OR CLEARSTREAM, LUXEMBOURG. 
TRANSFERS IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING WILL BE OF NO FORCE AND EFFECT, 
WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE 
TRANSFEREE, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO THE 
ISSUER OF THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTERMEDIARY. IF THE ISSUER DETERMINES THAT

--- Page 922 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
922 
ANY BENEFICIAL OWNER OR HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY (i) IS A NON-PERMITTED 
TRANSFEREE, OR (ii) PURCHASED THIS SECURITY IN BREACH OF THE DEEMED OR 
ACTUAL REPRESENTATIONS GIVEN BY SUCH HOLDER UPON THE PURCHASE OF THIS 
SECURITY, THE ISSUER MAY (a) REDEEM THIS SECURITY AT THE EARLY REDEMPTION 
AMOUNT OR (b) REQUIRE THAT SUCH BENEFICIAL OWNER OR HOLDER SELL ALL OF ITS 
RIGHT, TITLE AND INTEREST IN THIS SECURITY TO A PERSON WHO IS NOT A NON-
PERMITTED 
TRANSFEREE 
IN 
AN 
OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTION 
MEETING 
THE 
REQUIREMENTS OF REGULATION S, WITH SUCH SALE TO BE EFFECTED WITHIN 30 DAYS 
AFTER NOTICE OF SUCH SALE REQUIREMENT IS GIVEN. IF SUCH SALE IS NOT EFFECTED 
WITHIN SUCH 30 DAYS, UPON WRITTEN DIRECTION FROM THE ISSUER, THE TRUSTEE 
WILL BE AUTHORISED TO CONDUCT A COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE SALE OF SUCH 
SECURITIES TO A PERSON WHO IS NOT A NON-PERMITTED TRANSFEREE IN AN 
OFFSHORE TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF REGULATION S, AND, 
PENDING TRANSFER, NO FURTHER PAYMENTS WILL BE MADE IN RESPECT OF SUCH 
SECURITIES OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN. 
THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED 
TO AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(3) OF THE UNITED 
STATES EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED 
("ERISA"), SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF PART 4 OF SUBTITLE B OF TITLE I OF ERISA, 
A PLAN TO WHICH SECTION 4975 OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 
1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE"), APPLIES, AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" BY REASON OF SUCH AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR 
PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN SUCH ENTITY, OR ANY GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON U.S. 
PLAN (A "SIMILAR LAW PLAN") WHICH IS SUBJECT TO FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON 
U.S. OR OTHER LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR SECTION 
4975 OF THE CODE ("SIMILAR LAWS"). 
THE FAILURE TO PROVIDE THE ISSUER AND ANY PAYING AGENT WITH THE 
APPROPRIATE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CERTIFICATIONS (GENERALLY, A U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE FORM W-9 (OR SUCCESSOR APPLICABLE FORM) IN THE 
CASE OF A PERSON THAT IS A "UNITED STATES PERSON" WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
SECTION 7701(a)(30) OF THE CODE OR AN APPLICABLE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE 
FORM W-8 (OR SUCCESSOR APPROPRIATE FORM) IN THE CASE OF A PERSON THAT IS NOT 
A "UNITED STATES PERSON" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 7701(a)(30) OF THE 
CODE) MAY RESULT IN U.S. FEDERAL BACK-UP WITHHOLDING FROM PAYMENTS TO THE 
HOLDER IN RESPECT OF THIS SECURITY. 
ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE, AS AMENDED."; 
(s) 
that the relevant Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, 
representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the relevant 
Issuer; and if it is acquiring any Securities as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents 
that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make 
the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
No sale of Rule 144A Securities in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than U.S.$100,000 (or 
its foreign currency equivalent) nominal amount and no Rule 144A Security will be issued in connection with such 
a sale in a smaller nominal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting on behalf of others, each person 
for whom it is acting must purchase at least U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) of Registered 
Securities.

--- Page 923 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
923 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The following selling restrictions may be modified by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealers following a 
change in the relevant law, regulation or directive and in certain other circumstances as may be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealers. Any such modification may be set out in the subscription agreement 
(if applicable) in respect of the Tranche to which it is related or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. For the 
avoidance of doubt, references to the Securities herein include both the Securities and the Guarantee. 
United States 
The Securities and any Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and trading in the Securities 
has not been approved by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) under the Commodity Exchange 
Act, as amended (CEA). The Securities have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities 
and Exchange Commission (SEC) or any other regulatory agency in the United States, nor has the SEC or any 
other regulatory agency in the United States passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this document or the merits 
of the Securities. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence. Furthermore, the Securities do not 
constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts for the sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options 
thereon) subject to the CEA, and neither trading in the Securities nor this document has been approved by the 
CFTC under the CEA. 
Other than for certain U.S. Securities, the Securities may not at any time be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise 
transferred within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, any person that is (i) a "U.S. 
Person" as defined in Regulation S; (ii) a person other than a "Non-United States person" as defined as defined in 
CFTC Rule 4.7 under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act (excluding for purposes of CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv)(D) 
the exception for qualified eligible persons who are not Non-United States persons); (iii) a "U.S. Person" as 
described in the "Interpretative Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap 
Regulations" promulgated by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission; or (iv) any other "U.S. person" 
as such term may be defined in regulations or guidance adopted under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each 
case as such definition may be amended from time to time (each such person, a Non-Permitted Transferee).  
Transfers of Securities (other than U.S. Securities) within the United States or to any person other than a person 
who is a Permitted Transferee are prohibited. Any transfer of Securities (other than U.S. Securities) to a Non-
Permitted Transferee will be void ab initio and of no legal effect whatsoever. Accordingly, any purported 
transferee of any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a Security in such a transaction will not be entitled to 
any rights as a legal or beneficial owner of such interest in such Security. 
In addition, Crédit Agricole CIB FS and Crédit Agricole CIB FL, as applicable, has not been and will not be 
registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act by virtue of Section 3(c)(7) of the 
Investment Company Act which, in general, excludes from the definition of an investment company any issuer 
whose outstanding securities are owned exclusively by persons who are "qualified purchasers" (as defined in 
Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act and the rules and regulations thereunder) and which has not made 
and does not propose to make a public offering of its securities. Accordingly, any transfer of U.S. Securities issued 
by Crédit Agricole CIB FS and Crédit Agricole CIB FL may also need to comply with the provisions of Section 
3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act. 
In connection with any U.S. Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB which are offered or sold outside the United 
States in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under 
Regulation S, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver 
U.S. Securities (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Tranche of U.S. Securities of which such U.S. Securities are a part, as determined and certified 
by the relevant Dealer, in the case of a non-syndicated issue, or the Lead Manager, in the case of a syndicated 
issue, and except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each 
dealer to which it sells any U.S. Securities during the Distribution Compliance Period a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the U.S. Securities within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act.

--- Page 924 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
924 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of a Tranche of U.S. Securities, an offer or sale of such U.S. 
Securities within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an 
available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Dealers may arrange for the resale of U.S. Securities to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A of the Securities Act and, 
where required, in the case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS and Crédit Agricole CIB FL, to persons 
who are also QPs as defined for the purposes of Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act, and each such 
purchaser of U.S. Securities is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The minimum aggregate nominal amount 
of U.S. Securities which may be purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$100,000 (or the approximate 
equivalent thereof in any other currency). To the extent that each Issuer is not subject to or does not comply with 
the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or the information furnishing requirements 
of Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, such Issuer has agreed to furnish to holders of U.S. Securities and to prospective 
purchasers designated by such holders, upon request, such information as may be required by Rule 144A(d)(4). 
Each issuance of Securities, including physically settled Securities, Credit Linked Securities, Commodity Linked 
Securities or Index Linked Securities shall be subject to such additional U.S. selling and transfer restrictions as the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of the issuance and purchase of such Securities. 
U.S. Tax Selling Restrictions  
Securities in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations. 
Securities that constitute "registration required obligations" under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982, the U.S. Tax Code, or U.S. Treasury regulations and are not considered to be in 
"registered form" for U.S. federal income tax purposes (TEFRA Securities) are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to or for the 
account or benefit of a United States person except in certain circumstances, including compliance with (i) U.S. 
Treas. Reg. §1.163- 5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for 
purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Tax Code (the TEFRA D Rules), or (ii) U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. 
Tax Code (the TEFRA C Rules). 
With respect to TEFRA Securities issued in compliance with the TEFRA D Rules, the Issuer and each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under the TEFRA D Rules, (i) it has not offered or sold, and during the 
required restricted period it will not offer or sell such TEFRA Securities to a person who is within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person and (ii) it has not delivered and agrees that it 
will not deliver within the United States or its possessions Securities that are TEFRA Securities that will 
be sold during the restricted period; 
(b) 
it has and agrees that throughout the restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably designed 
to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling such TEFRA Securities are 
aware that such TEFRA Securities may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who 
is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person (except to the extent permitted 
under the TEFRA D Rules); 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring such TEFRA Securities for purposes of resale in connection 
with their original issuance, and if it retains such TEFRA Securities for its own account, it will do so in 
accordance with the requirements of the TEFRA D Rules; and 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate or distributor that acquires such TEFRA Securities from the Issuer or a 
Dealer for the purpose of offering or selling such TEFRA Securities during the restricted period, the Issuer

--- Page 925 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
925 
or Dealer either repeats and confirms the representations and agreements contained in Paragraphs (a), (b) 
and (c) above on such affiliate's or distributor's behalf or agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate or 
distributor for the benefit of the Issuer or Dealer the representations and agreements contained in such 
Paragraphs. 
With respect to TEFRA Securities issued in compliance with the TEFRA C Rules, the Issuer and each Dealer have 
represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, such TEFRA 
Securities within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance; and 
(ii) 
it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser 
if it is within the United States or its possessions or otherwise involve its U.S. office, if any, in the offer 
or sale of such TEFRA Securities. 
Terms used in this Section shall have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended, (U.S. Tax Code) and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, including the TEFRA D 
and TEFRA C Rules. 
The Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010 repealed the TEFRA D Rules for TEFRA Securities 
issued after 18 March 2012. However, in Notice 2012-20, the U.S. Department of Treasury and the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service indicated that they intend to provide in regulations that rules identical to the TEFRA D Rules 
will apply to non-U.S. issuers of TEFRA Securities for purposes of establishing an exemption from the excise tax 
imposed by Section 4701 of the U.S. Tax Code. (The amount of the excise tax is one per cent. of the principal 
amount of the obligation, multiplied by the number of calendar years until the obligation reaches maturity.) 
Consequently, TEFRA Securities issued in accordance with the TEFRA D and TEFRA C Rules should continue 
to be treated as "foreign targeted obligations" that are exempt from the excise tax. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area (the EEA). 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors Without KID", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
EEA without an updated key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 for offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 926 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
926 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" or a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors Without KID", in relation to each 
Member State of the EEA (each a Relevant State), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State, except that it may, with effect from and 
including the Relevant Implementation Date, make an offer of such Securities to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Securities specify that an offer of those Securities may be made other 
than pursuant to article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a Non-exempt Offer), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Securities which has been approved 
by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant 
State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the relevant Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the 
purpose of the Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the relevant Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Securities to the public in relation to any Securities in any Relevant 
State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Securities; and  
• 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.   
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Securities which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in 
the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Securities to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of UK Prospectus 
Regulation;

--- Page 927 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
927 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuers or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL having a 
maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it 
has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities other than to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Securities would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Securities in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not or, in the case of Crédit Agricole CIB, would 
not, if it was not an authorised person, apply to the relevant Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor; 
and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation); and 
(b) 
 the expression "an offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Securities.  
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (Corporations 
Act)) in relation to the Programme or any Securities has been or will be lodged with the Australian Securities and 
Investments Commission (ASIC), ASX Limited (ASX) or other licenced securities exchange in Australia. Crédit 
Agricole CIB, Hong Kong Branch, Crédit Agricole CIB, Singapore Branch and Crédit Agricole CIB, Australian 
Branch has each represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Programme in respect of any

--- Page 928 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
928 
sale or offer of Securities or distribution of the Base Prospectus in Australia will be required to represent and agree 
that it: 
(a) 
has not (directly or indirectly) offered, and will not offer for issue or sale and has not  invited, and will 
not invite, applications for issue, or offers to purchase the Securities in, to or from Australia (including 
an offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published and will not distribute or publish, any Base Prospectus or any other 
offering material or advertisement relating to the Securities in Australia, 
unless: 
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee at least A$500,000 (or its foreign currency 
equivalent, disregarding moneys lent by the Issuer or its associates) or the offer or invitation does not 
require disclosure to investors in accordance with Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act; or (ii) 
the offer or invitation is otherwise an offer or invitation such that, by virtue of section 708 of the 
Corporations Act, no disclosure is required to be made under Part 6D.2 of the Corporations Act and the 
offer or invitation does not constitute an offer to a "retail client" (as defined in section 761G of the 
Corporations Act); and  
(ii) 
such action complies with any applicable laws, regulations and directives (including without limitation, 
the licensing requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Corporations Act) in Australia; and 
(iii) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or the ASX. 
Neither the Issuers nor the Guarantor are authorised under the Banking Act 1959 of the Commonwealth of 
Australia (the Australian Banking Act) to carry on banking business and is not subject to prudential supervision 
by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority. The Securities are not Deposit Liabilities under the Australian 
Banking Act. 
Belgium  
Any offering of Securities having a maturity of less than 12 months that qualify as money market instruments is 
conducted exclusively under applicable private placement exemptions and this Base Prospectus has therefore not 
been, and it is not expected that it will be, submitted for approval to the Belgian Financial Services and Markets 
Authority (Autoriteit voor Financiële Diensten en Markten/Autorité des Services et Marchés Financiers) (the 
Belgian FSMA). Accordingly, no action will be taken and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it shall refrain from 
taking any action that would require the publication of a prospectus pursuant to the Belgian law of 11 July 2018 
on the offering of investment instruments to the public and the admission of investment instruments to trading on 
a regulated market. 
Bearer securities (including, without limitation, definitive securities in bearer form and securities in bearer form 
underlying the Securities) shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depository 
or other institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005. 
In the case of Fund Linked Securities, if the relevant underlying funds are not registered in Belgium with the 
Belgian FSMA in accordance with the Belgian law of 3 August 2012 on the collective investment undertakings 
satisfying the conditions set out in Directive 2009/65/EC and undertakings for investment in receivables, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (the UCITS Law) or the Belgian law of 19 April 2014 on alternative 
collective investment undertakings and their managers, as amended or replaced from time to time (the AIFM 
Law), as applicable, then such Fund Linked Securities cannot be offered in Belgium unless (i) Cash Settlement 
applies or (ii) if the underlying fund is a UCITS within the meaning of Directive 2009/65/EC, the Fund Linked 
Securities are offered to qualified investors only or to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors). The shares and other securities issued by these funds cannot be offered publicly in Belgium. 
Other than in respect of Securities for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer

--- Page 929 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
929 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Securities may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian 
Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or 
resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Securities, and that it has not 
distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar 
documents in relation to the Securities, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Brunei Darussalam  
In relation to any Notes issued by the Issuers, each Dealer represents and agrees that this Base Prospectus (together 
with any supplements) have not been and will not be filed with the Autoriti Monetari Brunei Darussalam (the 
"Authority") and declared or be declared to be effective under Section 116 of the Securities Market Order, 2013 
("SMO").   
Therefore, each Dealer acknowledges, represents and warrants that this Base Prospectus (together with any 
supplements) and any other document, circular, notice or other material issued in connection with an offer for sale, 
or invitation for subscription or purchase of the Notes will not be issued, distributed, circulated or published to any 
member of the public and the Notes will not be offered for sale or sold to any member of the public save and 
except as an exempt transaction under the SMO where the offer for sale or sale of the Notes is to:  
(i) 
fewer than 50 persons in Brunei Darussalam during a 12-month period which will be considered a private 
offering in respect of which no public advertisement for the offer to sell such securities is permitted and 
such securities sold to these investors are held for investment for a period of at least 2 years; or  
(ii) 
any number of the specific classes of investors who are either an accredited investor, an expert investor 
or an institutional investor as defined in Section 20 SMO or to such other persons as the Authority may 
by regulations determine as qualified buyers.  
Each Dealer further acknowledges that dealing in investments, arranging deals in investments, managing securities 
and the giving of investment advice are regulated activities under the SMO and that such regulated activities 
(unless specifically exempted) may only be carried out in Brunei by a person who holds a capital market services 
licence issued by the Authority. Therefore, each Dealer represents and warrants that any offer for sale, or invitation 
for subscription or purchase of the Notes will be undertaken through a person who is licensed under the SMO and 
will cause and ensure that the relevant notification, as applicable, is made to the Authority by such licensed person. 
Chile 
The Securities may not be publicly offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the Republic of Chile (Chile), except 
as permitted by applicable Chilean law.  The Securities will not be registered under Law No. 18,045, as amended 
(Ley de Mercado de Valores or the securities market law of Chile) in the Securities Registry (Registro de Valores) 
or in the Foreign Securities Registry (Registro de Valores Extranjeros) of the Commission for the Financial 
Markets (Comisión para el Mercado Financiero, the CMF) and, accordingly, the Securities cannot and will not 
be publicly offered or sold to persons in Chile except in circumstances which have not resulted and will not result 
in a public offering under Chilean law, and in compliance with General Rule (Norma de Carácter General) No. 
336, dated 27 June 2012, issued by the CMF (CMF Rule 336) and/or in the conduct of intermediation (funciones 
de intermediación) within the meaning of Chilean law.  Pursuant to CMF Rule 336, the Securities may be privately 
offered in Chile to certain "qualiﬁed investors" identiﬁed as such therein (which in turn are further described in 
General Rule (Norma de Carácter General) No. 216, dated 12 June 2008, of the CMF). 
Federal Republic of Germany 
The Securities are subject to restrictions provided in the German Securities Prospectus Act 
(Wertpapierprospektgesetz), the German Asset Investment Act (Vermögensanlagengesetz) and any other laws of 
Germany governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Securities have not 
been and will not be offered or sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in Germany other than in compliance 
with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined above), of the German Securities Prospectus Act

--- Page 930 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
930 
(Wertpapierprospektgesetz) and of the German Asset Investment Act (Vermögensanlagengesetz), or of any other 
laws applicable in Germany governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
France  
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and regulations in force 
regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Securities and the distribution in France of the Base Prospectus 
or any other offering material relating to the Securities. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Securities (except for Securities which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the Securities and Futures Ordinance)) other than (i) to 
"professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being 
a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 
32) of Hong Kong (the C(WUMP)O) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning 
of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Securities, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be 
accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of 
Hong Kong) other than with respect to Securities which are or are intended to be disposed of only to 
persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance and any rules made under the Securities and Futures Ordinance. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
it has not and will not offer, underwrite the issue of, or place, any Securities or do anything in Ireland in 
respect of the Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the European Union 
(Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended, the MiFID II Regulations including, 
without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation (and certain provisions concerning MTFs 
and OTFs)) thereof, or any rules or codes of conduct made under the MiFID II Regulations, and the 
provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
it has not and will not offer, underwrite the issue of, or place, any Securities, otherwise than in conformity 
with the provisions of the Companies Act 2014, as amended (the Irish Companies Act), the Central Bank 
Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank 
Act 1989 (as amended); 
(c) 
 it has not and will not offer, underwrite the issue of, place, or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of any 
Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 (the Prospectus Regulation), and any rules 
and guidance issued by the Central Bank of Ireland (CBI) under Section 1363 of the Irish Companies Act; 
(d) 
it has not and will not offer, underwrite the issue of, place, or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of any 
Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 
596/2014), as amended, and any rules and guidance issued by the CBI under Section 1370 of the Irish 
Companies Act;

--- Page 931 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
931 
(e) 
it has not and will not offer, underwrite the issue of, or place, any Securities, otherwise than in conformity 
with the provisions of the Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance based investment 
products (PRIIPs); and  
(f) 
no Securities will be offered or sold with a maturity of less than 12 months except in full compliance with 
Notice BSD C 01/02 issued by the CBI. 
Japan 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA). Each Dealer has represented and agreed, each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme and each other purchaser will be required to represent and agree that it has not 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly and will not offer or sell any Securities, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange 
and Foreign Trade (Law No. 228 of 1949, as amended), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, 
in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and 
ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Norway 
The Norwegian Securities are subject to restrictions referred to above under "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" and any other laws of Norway governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. Each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that in no circumstances may an offer of Securities be made in the Norwegian market without the Securities 
being registered in Verdipapirsentralen ASA in dematerialised form or in another central securities depository 
which is properly authorized or recognized by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway as being entitled to 
register such Securities pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 909/2014, to the extent such Securities shall be registered 
according to the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act (Nw. Verdipapirsentralloven 2019) and ancillary 
regulations. 
People's Republic of China (PRC) 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any Securities in the 
People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macau Special Administrative 
Region and Taiwan) (PRC) to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the PRC. 
The Securities may not be offered or sold or delivered, or offered or sold or delivered to any person for reoffering 
or resale or redelivery, in any such case directly or indirectly: (a) by means of any advertisement, invitation, 
document or activity which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public 
in PRC; or (b) to any person within PRC other than as permitted by and in full compliance with the relevant laws 
and regulations of PRC, including but not limited to the PRC Securities Law issued in August 2014 by the Standing 
Committee of the National People's Congress, the Company Law issued in December 2013 by the Standing 
Committee of the National People's Congress and/or the Administrative Rules Governing Derivatives Activities 
of Financial Institutions issued in January 2011 by the China Banking Regulatory Commission (as amended from 
time to time). 
Each of the Issuers does not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Securities 
may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in PRC, or pursuant 
to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any material or information contained or incorporated by reference therein 
relating to the Programme, which has not been and will not be submitted to or approved/verified by or registered 
with the China Securities Regulatory Commission or other relevant governmental authorities in PRC, constitutes 
an offer or solicitation of an offer to subscribe, purchase or sell the Securities in PRC or may be supplied to the 
public in PRC or used in connection with any offer for the subscription, purchase or sale of the Securities other 
than in compliance with the aforesaid in PRC.  In particular no action has been taken by each of the Issuers which

--- Page 932 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
932 
would permit a public offering of any Securities or distribution of this document in PRC. Accordingly, the 
Securities are not being offered or sold within PRC by means of this Base Prospectus. 
PRC investors are responsible for obtaining all relevant government regulatory approvals/licences, verification 
and/or registrations themselves, including, but not limited to, those which may be required by the China Securities 
Regulatory Commission, the State Administration of Foreign Exchange and/or the China Banking Regulatory 
Commission, and complying with all relevant PRC laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, all relevant 
foreign exchange regulations and/or securities investment regulations. 
Portugal 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that the Securities may not be and will not be offered to the public in Portugal 
or under circumstances which are deemed to be a public offer under the Portuguese Securities Code ("Código dos 
Valores Mobiliários") enacted by Decree-Law no. 486/99 of 13 November, 1999, as amended, unless the 
requirements and provisions applicable to the public offerings in Portugal are met and registration, filing, approval 
or recognition procedure with the Portuguese Securities Exchange Commission ("Comissão do Mercado de 
Valores Mobiliários", "CMVM") is made. In particular, the offer of new securities might be made through a 
private placement ("oferta particular"), in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Portuguese Securities 
Code, exclusively to professional investors ("investidores profissionais") within the meaning of Article 30 of the 
Portuguese Securities Code, and/or to 149 or fewer non-qualified investors. In addition, the Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that (i) no action has been or will be taken as to directly or indirectly offer, advertise, market, invite to 
subscribe, gather investment intentions, sell, re-sell, re-offer or deliver any Securities in circumstances which could 
qualify as a public offer ("oferta pública") of securities pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code, notably in 
circumstances which could qualify as a public offer addressed to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or 
having permanent establishment located in Portuguese territory, as the case may be; and (ii) no action has been or 
will be taken as to distribute, make available or cause to be distributed the Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material relating to the Securities to the public in Portugal, other than in compliance with all applicable provisions 
of the Portuguese Securities Code, the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, any 
applicable CMVM regulations and all relevant Portuguese securities laws and regulations, in any such case that 
may be applicable to it in respect of any offer or sale of Securities in Portugal or to individuals or entities resident 
in Portugal or having permanent establishment located in Portuguese territory, as the case may be, including the 
rules and regulations that require the publication of a prospectus, when applicable, and that any placement of the 
Securities shall only be authorized and performed to the extent that there is full compliance with such laws and 
regulations. 
Republic of Finland  
The Finnish Securities are subject to restrictions referred to above under "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" and any other laws of Finland governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. Each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that the Securities have not been and will not be offered or sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in 
Finland other than in compliance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined above), the Finnish 
Securities Markets Act (in Finnish: arvopaperimarkkinalaki 746/2012) and any other laws applicable in Finland 
governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Securities has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(CONSOB) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that no Securities 
may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus (including the applicable Final Terms) 
or of any other document relating to the Securities be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 1129 
of 14 June 2017 (the Prospectus Regulation) and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58

--- Page 933 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
933 
of 24 February 1998, as amended from time to time (the Italian Financial Services Act) and/or Italian 
CONSOB regulations; or 
(b) 
if it is specified within the relevant Final Terms that a Non-exempt Offer may be made in the Republic of 
Italy, that each Dealer may offer, sell or deliver Securities or distribute copies of any prospectus relating 
to such Securities, provided that such prospectus has been (i) approved in another Relevant State and 
notified to CONSOB, and (ii) completed by final terms (if applicable) expressly contemplating such Non-
exempt Offer, in an offer of financial products to the public in the period commencing on the date of 
approval of such prospectus, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, Italian Financial Services Act 
and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 (Regulation No. 11971), as amended from time to 
time, until 12 months after the date of approval of such prospectus; or 
(c) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to article 1 of the 
PD Regulation, article 34-ter, first paragraph of Regulation No. 11971, as amended from time to time, 
and the applicable Italian laws. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Securities or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus (including 
the applicable Final Terms) or any other document relating to the Securities in the Republic of Italy under (a), (b) 
or (c) above must: 
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Italian Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 
of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended (the Italian Banking Act); and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including, the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Italian 
Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or 
any other Italian authority. 
Investors should note that, in accordance with article 5 of the Prospectus Regulation and the applicable Italian 
laws, where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies under paragraphs (a) or (c) above, the 
subsequent distribution of the Securities on the secondary market in Italy must be made in compliance with the 
public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Prospectus Regulation. Failure to comply 
with such rules may result, inter alia, in the sale of such Securities being declared null and void and in the liability 
of the intermediary transferring the financial instruments for any damages suffered by the purchasers of Securities 
who are acting outside of the course of their business or profession. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each future Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Securities or caused any 
Securities to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any 
Securities or cause any Securities to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material 
in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Securities, whether directly 
or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA)) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to 
Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions 
of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Securities are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:

--- Page 934 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
934 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
the "securities" or "securities-based derivatives contracts" (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six (6) months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Securities pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offer of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Spain 
Neither the offer of the Securities nor the Base Prospectus have been or will be approved or registered in the 
administrative registries of the Spanish Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de 
Valores) and this Base Prospectus is not intended for a public offering of the Securities in Spain. Accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell, re-sell or distribute any Securities in Spain except in circumstances 
which do not require the registration of a base prospectus in Spain or without meeting all the legal and regulatory 
requirements under the Spanish legislation related to securities. 
South Korea 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered with the Financial Services Commission of Korea for 
public offering in Korea under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act of Korea (the FSCMA). 
The Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in Korea or offered or sold to any person 
for re-offering or resale to any resident of Korea, except pursuant to applicable laws and regulations of Korea, 
including the FSCMA, the Foreign Exchange Transactions Law (the FETL) and the decrees and regulations 
thereunder, such as the Regulations on the Issuance and Disclosure of Securities. Furthermore, the Securities may 
be resold to Korean residents only subject to all applicable regulatory requirements (including but not limited to 
government reporting requirements under the FSCMA, the FETL and its subordinate decrees and regulations. 
Switzerland  
Subject to the applicable transitory provisions under the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (the FinSA) and the 
implementing Financial Services Ordinance (the FinSO), Securities may only be publicly offered or admitted to 
trading on a trading venue in Switzerland by means of publication of a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA. A review 
body (Prüfstelle) according to the FinSA may determine that prospectuses which have been approved under certain 
jurisdictions are also deemed to have been approved in Switzerland. According to article 70 FinSO, such foreign 
prospectus eligible for automatic approval must at the latest at the beginning of the public offer or the admission 
to trading on a trading venue in Switzerland be: (i) filed with a review body for entry on the list according to article 
64(5) of the FinSA; (ii) deposited with a review body; (ii) published; and (iv) made available in paper form free 
of charge upon request.

--- Page 935 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
935 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge and agree that, subject to the applicable transitional provisions under the FinSA and the 
FinSO: 
(a) 
they have only made and will only make an offer of Securities to the public in Switzerland, other than 
pursuant to an exemption under article 36(1) of the FinSA or where such offer does not qualify as a public 
offer in Switzerland, if and as from the date on which this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms 
have been filed and deposited with a review body in Switzerland and entered on the list according to 
article 64(5) of the FinSA; or 
(b) 
they have not offered and will not offer, directly or indirectly, Securities to the public in Switzerland, and 
have not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the 
public in Switzerland, this Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms or any other offering material 
relating to the Securities, other than pursuant to an exemption under article 36(1) of the FinSA or where 
such offer or distribution does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland. 
"Offer to the public", for these purposes, refers to the respective definitions in article 3(g) and (h) FinSA and as 
further detailed in the FinSO. 
This Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms, if they have been filed and deposited with a review body in 
Switzerland pursuant to article 54(2) of the FinSA, may be obtained in electronic or printed form, free of charge, 
upon request from Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 12 place des États-Unis, CS 70052, 92 547 
Montrouge Cedex, France (website: www.ca-cib.com). 
Subject to the applicable transitional provisions under FinSA and FinSO, if Securities qualifying as debt 
instruments with a "derivative character" (as such expression is understood under the FinSA) are offered or 
recommended to private clients within the meaning of FinSA in Switzerland a key information document under 
article 58 FinSA (Basisinformationsblatt für Finanzinstrumente) or article 59(2) FinSA in respect of such 
Securities must be prepared and published. According to article 58(2) FinSA, no key information document is 
required for Securities that may only be acquired for private clients under an asset management agreement. Unless 
the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Securities specify the "Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in 
Switzerland" to be "Not Applicable", the Securities may not be offered or recommended to private clients within 
the meaning of the FinSA in Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a person who is not one (or 
more) of the following: (i) a professional client as defined in article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-in on the basis 
of article 5(5) FinSA) or article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a 
private client with an asset management agreement according to article 58(2) FinSA. "Offer", for these purposes, 
refers to the interpretation of such term in article 58 FinSA, subject to the preceding paragraph. 
Where Securities are linked to Underlying Assets which qualify as collective investment scheme units according 
to the definition of the Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (CISA) (including but not limited to shares 
of an Exchange Traded Fund), additional selling restrictions in line with the so-called "indirect fund distribution" 
practice of the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA (FINMA) may exist as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms for such issue of Securities. 
In the case where the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Securities specify the "Prohibition of Offer to Private 
Clients in Switzerland" to be "Not Applicable" but if for Securities qualifying as structured products only a 
simplified prospectus based on the transitional provision of article 111 of the FinSO has been prepared, the 
"Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in Switzerland" as described above shall automatically apply as from the 
expiry of the applicable transition period. 
Notwithstanding anything else in this Base Prospectus, for the purposes only of offers of Securities to the public 
in Switzerland other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offers do not qualify 
as a public offer in Switzerland, references in this Base Prospectus to "Non-exempt Offer" shall be deemed to refer 
to such non-exempt public offer in Switzerland, and references to Securities which are not Exempt Securities shall 
be deemed to refer to Securities which are the subject of such non-exempt public offer in Switzerland. 
 
The Philippines  
Under the Securities Regulation Code (Republic Act No. 8799 or the SRC) and its implementing rules, the 
Securities may not be sold or offered for sale within the Philippines unless those securities are registered with and

--- Page 936 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
936 
a securities registration statement duly filed and approved by the Philippine Securities and Exchange Commission 
(the PSEC).  This requirement does not apply if the Securities qualify as exempt securities or if the Securities are 
sold pursuant to an exempt transaction under Sections 9 and 10 of the Securities Regulation Code (the SRC), 
respectively.  Neither will the registration requirement apply if the Securities are sold or offered for sale outside 
of the Philippines, as the SRC has no extraterritorial effect.  
THE SECURITIES BEING OFFERED OR SOLD HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED WITH THE PSEC UNDER THE SRC. ANY FUTURE OFFER OR SALE THEREOF IS 
SUBJECT TO REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE SRC UNLESS SUCH OFFER OR 
SALE QUALIFIES AS AN EXEMPT TRANSACTION. 
Taiwan  
The Securities have not been, and will not be, registered or filed with, or approved by the Financial Supervisory 
Commission or other regulatory authority of Taiwan pursuant to relevant Taiwan laws and regulations, and may 
not be offered, distributed, or sold in Taiwan through a public offering or in circumstances which constitute an 
offer within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Law of Taiwan which requires a registration, filing, or 
approval of the Financial Supervisory Commission or other regulatory authority of Taiwan, except in the following 
limited circumstances: the Securities, if being approved to be listed on the Taipei Exchange for sale to professional 
or general investors in Taiwan, may be sold in Taiwan to the professional or general investors, as applicable, in 
accordance with relevant Taiwan laws and regulations or, if not listed on any stock exchange in Taiwan, the 
Securities may be made available (i) to investors in Taiwan through licensed Taiwan financial institutions to the 
extent permitted under relevant Taiwan laws and regulations; (ii) to the Offshore Banking Units of Taiwan Banks 
purchasing the Securities either for their proprietary account or in trust for their non-Taiwan trust clients; (iii) the 
Offshore Securities Units of Taiwan securities firms purchasing the Securities either for their proprietary account, 
in trust for their trust clients or as agent for their brokerage clients; (iv) the Offshore Insurance Units of Taiwan 
Insurance companies purchasing the Securities for their proprietary account or in connection with the issuance of 
investment linked insurance policies to non-Taiwan policy holders; or (v) to Taiwan resident investors for purchase 
by such investors outside Taiwan on an offshore transaction basis, but may not, otherwise be offered, sold or resold 
in Taiwan. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in 
any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Securities or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or 
delivery by it of Securities under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the 
Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor or the Dealers represents that Securities may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree.

--- Page 937 ---
General Information 
 
 
937 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
This section provides certain additional information relating to all the Securities. 
Authorisation 
No authorisation procedures are required of Crédit Agricole CIB under French law for the update of the Programme 
or the giving of the Guarantee. No authorisation procedures are required of Crédit Agricole CIB FS under French 
law for the update the Programme. However, to the extent that Securities issued under the Programme may 
constitute obligations under French law, issues of such Securities will be authorised as required under French law. 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Securities under the Programme have been duly authorised by a 
resolution of the Board of Directors of Crédit Agricole CIB FL on or about 6 May 2021.   
In the event that additional authorisation procedures are required in respect of a particular Series of Securities, they 
will be specified (if required by applicable law) in paragraph 9 of the relevant Final Terms. 
Approval, listing and admission to trading of the Securities under the Programme 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF in Luxembourg in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or of the quality of the Securities which are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Securities. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 7 May 2022. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of 
significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no 
longer valid. 
In accordance with and pursuant to new Article 23.2(a) of the Prospectus Regulation, where the Securities are 
offered through a Non-exempt Offer, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Securities 
before any supplement is published and where the Securities had not yet been delivered to the investors have the 
right, exercisable within three working days after the publication of this supplement, to withdraw their acceptances, 
provided that the significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy referred to in Article 23.1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation arose or was noted before the closing of the Non-exempt Offer or the delivery of the 
Securities, whichever occurs first. That period may be extended by the relevant Issuer or, if any, the relevant 
Authorised Offeror(s). The final date of the right of withdrawal shall be stated in the supplement.   
Application may be made for Securities issued under the Programme during a period of twelve (12) months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus to be offered through Non-exempt Offer or listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and 
on other stock exchanges and/or regulated markets. 
Documents Available 
Copies of the following documents will, when published, be available for inspection or during normal business 
hours from the registered office of the relevant Issuer and on the website of Crédit Agricole CIB 
(https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram):  
(a) 
the Statuts (with an English translation thereof) of Crédit Agricole CIB, the Statuts (with an English 
translation thereof) of Crédit Agricole CIB FS and the Articles of Association of Crédit Agricole CIB FL;  
(b) 
each of (i) in the case of Crédit Agricole CIB, as Issuer and Guarantor, the consolidated and non-
consolidated audited financial statements in respect of the financial years ended 2019 and 2020 (with an 
English translation thereof for the consolidated accounts) and (ii) in the case of Crédit Agricole CIB FS 
and Crédit Agricole CIB FL, each as Issuer, the audited financial statements in respect of the financial 
years ended 2019 and 2020;

--- Page 938 ---
General Information 
 
 
938 
(c) 
the most recently published annual audited financial statements and future interim unaudited financial 
statements of each Issuer and the Guarantor (with an English translation thereof); 
(d) 
the Programme Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Deeds of Covenant, the Deeds of Guarantee and 
the forms of the Global Securities, the Securities in definitive form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the 
Talons and any supplements thereto; 
(e) 
the Valuation Agency Agreement, the Custodian Agreement, the Collateral Management Agreement, the 
Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement, the Disposal Agency Agreement, each Pledge Agreement and 
each Security Trust Deed (save to the extent any such document relates to Exempt Securities); 
(f) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(g) 
any future Base Prospectus and supplements to this Base Prospectus and any other documents 
incorporated herein or therein by reference; 
(h) 
any Final Terms (save that the Final Terms relating to a Security which is neither admitted to trading on 
a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only 
be available for inspection by a holder of such Security and such holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the relevant Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent as to its holding of Securities and 
identity); and 
(i) 
in the case of each issue of Securities admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated 
market subscribed pursuant to a subscription agreement, the subscription agreement (or equivalent 
document). 
Investors should consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the ISDA Definitions or the Credit Derivative 
Definitions (as such term is defined in the Credit Linked Conditions).  In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus 
and each document incorporated by reference are available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website 
(www.bourse.lu). 
Copies of each Final Terms relating to Securities that are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market and each document incorporated by reference, are available on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's website (www.bourse.lu). 
Clearing Systems 
The Securities have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Securities 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In addition, 
the relevant Issuer may make an application for any Securities in registered form to be accepted for trading in 
book-entry form by DTC. The CUSIP and/or CINS numbers for each Tranche of Registered Securities, together 
with the relevant ISIN and Common Code, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Securities are 
cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.  
The address of Euroclear France is 115, rue Réaumur, 75081 Paris Cedex 02, France. 
The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, NY 10041-0099. 
The address of Euroclear Sweden is Euroclear Sweden AB, Klarabergsviadukten 63, Box 191, SE-101 23 
Stockholm, Sweden. 
The address of Monte Titoli S.p.A. is Piazza delgi Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy.

--- Page 939 ---
General Information 
 
 
939 
The address of Euroclear Finland is Euroclear Finland Oy, (PO Box 1110), Urho Kekkosen katu 5C, 00100 
Helsinki, Finland. 
The address of Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited is 33 Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Securities to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
An indication of yield in respect of a Series of Fixed Rate Securities will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The yield is calculated as at the Issue Date of the Securities and on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. As such, 
the yield specified in the applicable Final Terms reflects the yield to maturity of the relevant Securities as at their 
Issue Date and is not be an indication of future yield. 
Credit Ratings  
The rating(s) of the Securities (if any) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, including as to whether or 
not such credit ratings are issued by credit rating agencies established in the European Union, registered (or which 
have applied for registration) under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
dated 16 September 2009, as amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council dated 11 May 2011 (the CRA Regulation) and are included in the list of registered credit rating agencies 
published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority (www.esma.europa.eu).  
Of the Issuers, only Crédit Agricole CIB is rated, and such ratings are specified in the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Description of the Issuers". The Credit Ratings referred to in that section have been assigned 
by Fitch Ratings Limited, Moody's Investors Service Ltd, each of which is a credit rating agency established in 
the United Kingdom, and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, which is a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union, each registered under the CRA Regulation and are included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority referred to above. A rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency without notice. 
Significant or Material Adverse Change  
Except as disclosed on page 457 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document, there has been no significant 
change in the financial position or financial performance of Crédit Agricole CIB since 31 December 2020 and no 
material adverse change in the prospects of Crédit Agricole CIB since 31 December 2020. 
Except as disclosed on page 457 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document, there has been no significant 
change in the financial position or financial performance of Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL 
since 31 December 2020 and no material adverse change in the prospects of Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit 
Agricole CIB FL since 31 December 2020.  
Borrowing and Funding Structure 
Since 31 December 2020, save as disclosed on page 5 of Crédit Agricole CIB FL's 2020 Report, there have been 
no material changes in the borrowing and funding structure of each of Crédit Agricole CIB, Crédit Agricole CIB 
FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL.  
Material Contracts 
None of Crédit Agricole CIB, Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL have entered into any material 
contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the relevant Issuer's business that could result in any 
Group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the relevant Issuer's ability to meet their 
obligation to Securityholders in respect of the Securities.

--- Page 940 ---
General Information 
 
 
940 
Governmental, Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Save as disclosed on pages 190 to 192 and of the 2020 Universal Registration Document, there are no 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings relating to claims or amounts during at least twelve months prior to 
the date of this Base Prospectus (including any such proceeding which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuers or the Guarantor are aware) which may, or have had in the recent past significant effects on any of the 
Issuers or the Guarantor, and/or on the Group's financial position or profitability. 
Auditors 
The auditors of Crédit Agricole CIB FS are PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit (member of the French Compagnie 
nationale des commissaires aux comptes), 63 rue de Villiers, 92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine, France. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit have audited Crédit Agricole CIB FS's accounts (including the cash flow 
statements contained therein), without qualification, in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in 
France for each of the two financial years ended on 31 December 2019 and 2020. The auditors of Crédit Agricole 
CIB FS have no material interest in Crédit Agricole CIB FS. 
The auditors of Crédit Agricole CIB FL are Ernst & Young S.A. (member of the Luxembourg Institut des Reviseurs 
d'Entreprises). Ernst & Young S.A. have audited Crédit Agricole CIB FL's accounts (including the cash flow 
statements contained therein), without qualification, in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in 
Luxembourg for the two financial years ended on 31 December 2019 and 2020.  The auditors of Crédit Agricole 
CIB FL have no material interest in Crédit Agricole CIB FL. 
The auditors of Crédit Agricole CIB are Ernst & Young et Autres (member of the French Compagnie nationale 
des commissaires aux comptes), 1-2 Place des saisons, 92400 Courbevoie, Paris-La Défense, France and 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit (member of the French Compagnie nationale des commissaires aux comptes), 63 
rue de Villiers, 92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine, France. 
Ernst & Young et Autres have audited Crédit Agricole CIB's consolidated and non-consolidated accounts, in 
accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in France for each of the two financial years ended on 
31 December 2019 and 2020. PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit have audited Crédit Agricole CIB's consolidated and 
non-consolidated accounts, in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in France for the financial 
years ended on 31 December 2019 and 2020. 
The auditors of Crédit Agricole CIB have no material interest in Crédit Agricole CIB. 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Securities may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the 
purposes of the Benchmark Regulation. In the case of such Securities, a statement will be included in the applicable 
Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included in ESMA's register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks 
Regulations may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms. The registration status of any 
administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable 
law, the relevant Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration 
status of the administrator. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
In the ordinary course of its business, including, without limitation, in connection with its market making activities, 
the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may effect transactions for its own account or for the account of its 
customers and hold long or short positions in any Underlying(s) or related derivatives. In addition, in connection 
with the offering of any Securities, the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may enter into one or more 
hedging transactions with respect to any Underlying(s) or related derivatives.  
The relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may have existing or future business relationships with any 
Underlying(s), any constituent thereof (in relation to Underlying(s) which are indices) or, if applicable, any of their

--- Page 941 ---
General Information 
 
 
941 
subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other person or entity having obligations relating to any Underlying(s) (including, 
but not limited to, dealing, lending, depositary, risk management, advisory and banking relationships), and will 
pursue actions and take steps that they or it deems necessary or appropriate to protect their and/or its interests 
arising therefrom without regard to the consequences for a Securityholder, regardless of whether any such action 
might have an adverse effect (including, without limitation, any action which might constitute or give rise to any 
breach, event of default, credit event or termination event) on any Underlying or any investor in Securities. 
Where the relevant Issuer or Guarantor acts as Calculation Agent or the Calculation Agent is an Affiliate of the 
relevant Issuer or Guarantor, potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and 
Securityholders, including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that the Calculation Agent may 
make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence the amount receivable upon settlement of the Securities. 
Potential conflicts of interest may also arise where the manager(s) and any distributors act pursuant to mandate 
granted by the Issuers, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or the manager(s) and will receive commissions and/or 
fees on the basis of the services performed and the outcome of the placement of the Securities. 
Where the relevant Issuer or any of its Affiliates acts as a member of a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee, potential conflicts of interest may arise as the interests of such Issuer or Affiliate may be opposed to 
the interests of the Securityholders, and as they will be entitled to and will act without regard to the interests of the 
Securityholders. 
As the Collateral Manager and Valuation Agent are affiliates of the relevant Issuer or their relevant successor, 
potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Collateral Manager, the Valuation Agent and the holders of 
Secured Securities, including with respect to the making of certain determinations and the exercise of certain 
discretions (including as to the calculation of the Secured Security Market Value of the Secured Securities and the 
Collateral Value). 
Taxation 
The acquisition, holding or disposal of, or other dealings in the Securities may give rise to tax consequences for 
the Securityholders. Any tax liability is dependent on multiple parameters including the Securityholders' personal 
circumstances and the jurisdiction in which the Securityholders are subject to taxation. The basis and level of any 
taxes for which a Securityholder may become liable may change during the term of the Securities. The Issuers 
disclaim any responsibility to advise or provide clearance to Securityholders as to the tax treatment of the Securities 
in any jurisdiction and make no representations in respect thereof. Any person intending to acquire, hold, dispose 
or otherwise deal with a Security should inform themselves by obtaining appropriate tax and financial advice, of 
the tax treatment of the Securities in their circumstances before making an investment in the Securities.  
Legal Entity Identifier 
The legal entity identifier, or LEI, for each of the Issuers is as follows: 
(a) 
Crédit Agricole CIB: 1VUV7VQFKUOQSJ21A208; 
(b) 
Crédit Agricole CIB FS: 969500HUHIE5GG515X42; and 
(c) 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL: 529900XFWQOQK3RQS789.

--- Page 942 ---
942 
THE ISSUERS 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 Place des États-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions 
12 Place des États-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Crédit Agricole CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A. 
31-33, Avenue Pasteur 
L-2311 Luxembourg 
 
THE GUARANTOR 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 place des États-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
DEALERS 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 place des États-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Crédit Agricole Securities Asia B.V., Tokyo Branch 
Shiodome Sumitomo Building. 
1-9-2, Higashi-Shimbashi 
Minato-ku, 105-0021 
Japan 
 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT AND EXCHANGE AGENT 
CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg Branch 
5, Allée Scheffer 
L-2520 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg

--- Page 943 ---
943 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
As to Irish law 
As to U.S., Luxembourg, English and French law 
Arthur Cox 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 D02 T380 
Ireland 
Hogan Lovells International LLP 
Atlantic House 
Holborn Viaduct 
London EC1A 2FG 
United Kingdom 
Hogan Lovells (Paris) LLP 
17, avenue Matignon 
CS 30027 
75378 Paris cedex 08 
France 
 
Hogan Lovells (Luxembourg) LLP 
52, Boulevard Marcel Cahen 
L-1311 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
 
AUDITORS 
To Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Ernst & Young 
1/2, place des Saisons 
92400 Courbevoie – Paris – La Défense 1 
France 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63, rue de Villiers 
92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine 
France 
 
To Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63, rue de Villiers 
92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine 
France 
To Crédit Agricole CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A. 
Ernst & Young S.A. 
35E avenue John F. Kennedy 
L1855 Luxembourg 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg Branch 
5, Allée Scheffer 
L-2520 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
FRENCH PAYGING AGENT AND FISCAL AGENT 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 place des États-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France