--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 12 April 2021 
 
Crédit Agricole S.A. 
including acting through its London Branch 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of France) 
Euro 80,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Crédit Agricole S.A. (the “Issuer”) acting directly or through its London branch may, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, from 
time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency (including Euro) under its Euro 80,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme initially established on 21 April 1999 (as amended, supplemented and restated from time to time, the “Programme”). The aggregate nominal amount 
of Notes outstanding (including those issued through the Issuer’s London Branch) will not at any time exceed Euro 80,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other 
currencies). 
The Notes may be either Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes. It is the intention of the Issuer that the Subordinated Notes shall (i) for supervisory purposes, be 
treated as Tier 2 Capital, and (ii) for regulatory purposes, be treated as MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments under the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations. The 
Senior Notes may be either Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. It is the intention of the Issuer that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall, for 
regulatory purposes, be treated as MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments under the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations. If and to the extent permitted by the Applicable 
MREL/TLAC Regulations, the Issuer may treat the Senior Preferred Notes for regulatory purposes as MREL/TLAC Eligible Instruments under the Applicable 
MREL/TLAC Regulations. 
The Notes will be governed by either English law (“English Law Notes”) or French law (“French Law Notes”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms (as defined 
below). 
English Law Notes will be issued pursuant to the terms and conditions set out herein in the section entitled “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes”, as 
completed by the Final Terms for the English Law Notes, the form of which is also set out herein (See “Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes”). 
French Law Notes will be issued pursuant to the terms and conditions set out herein in the section entitled “Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes”, as 
completed by the Final Terms for the French Law Notes, the form of which is also set out herein (See “Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes”).  
References in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) to the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall mean the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes and/or the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable; and references to “Final Terms” shall mean the Final Terms for the English 
Law Notes and/or the Final Terms for the French Law Notes, as applicable. 
Any Notes to be issued on or after the date hereof under the Programme are issued subject to the provisions set out herein. This does not affect any Notes issued 
prior to the date hereof.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financier (the “AMF”) in France in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality 
of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus supersedes the base prospectus dated 9 April 2020 (as supplemented from time to time) and shall be in force for a period of one 
year as of the date of its approval by the AMF. Consequently, this Base Prospectus (as supplemented from time to time) will expire on 12 April 2022 
and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer 
apply from such date. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when 
this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application may be made for Notes issued under the Programme for a period of 12 months from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus by the AMF to be 
listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or on any other regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (EU) 
2014/65, as amended (a “Regulated Market”) in any other member state of the European Economic Area (the “EEA” and any State member of the EEA, an “EEA 
Member State”). The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and/or admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market in an EEA Member State (or any other stock exchange). In the case of any Notes which are to be listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market or offered to the public within the territory of any EEA Member State, in each case in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation, the minimum denomination of each Note will be such as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body, however called) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency.  
This Base Prospectus, the Documents Incorporated by Reference, any supplement to this Base Prospectus prepared from time to time and the Final Terms, relating 
to an issue of Notes will be published on the website of the Issuer (www.credit-agricole.com) and/or on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“Standard & Poor’s”) assigns long and short-term Issuer Credit Ratings of A+/Negative outlook/A-1 to Crédit Agricole S.A., 
Moody’s France S.A.S (“Moody’s”) assigns an Issuer Rating of Aa3/Stable outlook/P-1 to Crédit Agricole S.A., Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) assigns long 
and short-term Issuer Default Ratings of A+/Negative outlook/F1 to Crédit Agricole S.A. Each of Standard & Poor's, Moody's and Fitch is established in the European 
Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. Ratings can come under review at any time by rating agencies. Investors are invited to refer to the websites of the relevant rating agencies in order 
to have access to the latest ratings (respectively: http://www.standardandpoors.com, http://www.moodys.com, and http://www.fitchratings.com). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus before deciding to 
invest in the Notes issued under the Programme.  
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Crédit Agricole CIB

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements to this Base Prospectus published from time 
to time (each a “Supplement” and together, the “Supplements”)) should be read and construed in 
conjunction with any Documents Incorporated by Reference, each of which shall be incorporated in, 
and form part of this Base Prospectus in relation to any Series of Notes, and comprises a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer, having taken all reasonable 
care to ensure that such is the case, confirms that the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect 
its import. The Issuer accepts responsibility accordingly.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised 
by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor 
any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that 
there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer, the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group, the Regional 
Banks, the Local Banks or the Crédit Agricole Group since the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse 
change in the financial position of the Issuer, the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group or Crédit Agricole Group 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as 
of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. 
Any prospective investor purchasing the Notes under the Programme is solely responsible for 
ensuring that any offer or resale of the Notes occurs in compliance with applicable laws and 
regulations.  
The Notes are complex financial instruments and may not be a suitable investment for certain 
investors. Each potential investor in the Notes should determine the suitability of such investment in 
light of its own circumstances, have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful 
evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base 
Prospectus, have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context 
of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio, and have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear the risks 
of an investment in the Notes, including the possibility that the entire amount invested in the Notes 
could be lost. A potential investor should not invest in the Notes unless it has the knowledge and 
expertise (either alone or with a financial advisor) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the market value of the Notes, and the impact of this 
investment on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. Prospective investors should 
consult their own financial and legal advisers about risks associated with investment in a particular 
Series of Notes and the suitability of investing in the Notes in light of their particular circumstances. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, 
or review or regulation by certain authorities. Neither the Issuer, the Dealers, the Agents nor any of 
their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the 
Notes by a prospective investor of the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its

--- Page 3 ---
Important Notices 
3 
incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective 
investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that payments of interest on the 
Notes, or profits realised upon the sale or repayment of Notes, may be subject to taxation in their 
home jurisdiction or in other jurisdictions in which it is required to pay taxes, including the Issuer’s 
jurisdiction of incorporation, which may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. In 
addition, in some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be 
available for financial instruments such as Subordinated Notes. Although certain tax effects on 
holders of Notes in France, in the UK or in the United States (in relation to FATCA) are described 
under Condition 9 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 8 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes and/or the section “Taxation” of this Base 
Prospectus, the tax impact on an individual holder of Notes may differ from the situation described 
for Noteholders generally. Potential investors are advised not to rely exclusively upon the tax 
summaries contained in this Base Prospectus which in any event only cover certain tax 
consequences in particular jurisdictions, and are not intended to be exhaustive. Potential investors 
are therefore advised to seek advice from their own tax advisers as to their individual taxation 
situation with respect to an investment in the Notes. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required 
by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restriction. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of 
this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. Retail investors are only eligible to subscribe for 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes if they possess sufficient knowledge and experience to be considered 
sophisticated investors and have sufficient financial capacity and an appropriate investment horizon 
and risk tolerance.  
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of 
the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018) and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to Directive (EU)  2014/65 (as amended, “MiFID II”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in 
relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance rules under 
EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the MIFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (taking into account the five categories referred to in item

--- Page 4 ---
Important Notices 
4 
18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy 
statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”)), and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination 
will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPs – IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the relevant Final Terms for a Tranche of 
Notes issued under the Programme include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", such Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II, (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, 
the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRIIPs – IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the relevant Final Terms for a Tranche of 
Notes issued under the Programme include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", such Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPS Regulation 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
This document is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the UK 
or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth entities, and other persons 
to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such 
persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). Any Notes will only be available to, and

--- Page 5 ---
Important Notices 
5 
any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such Notes will be 
engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or 
rely on this document or any of its contents.  
NOTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT, 
CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE – Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms, all Notes 
issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES 
OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAVE ANY OF THE FOREGOING 
AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THE OFFERING OF THE 
NOTES OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED 
STATES, AND THE NOTES MAY INCLUDE BEARER NOTES THAT ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX 
LAW REQUIREMENTS. SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, THE NOTES MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD OR, IN THE CASE OF BEARER NOTES, DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED 
STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN THE U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED, AND REGULATIONS THEREUNDER). 
THE NOTES ARE BEING OFFERED AND SOLD OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO NON-U.S. 
PERSONS IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (“REGULATION 
S”) AND, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES IN REGISTERED FORM ONLY TO QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS (“QIBs”) IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
(“RULE 144A”)AND A LIMITED NUMBER OF INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTORS THAT 
EXECUTE AND DELIVER A LETTER CONTAINING CERTAIN REPRESENTATIONS AND 
AGREEMENTS. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT SELLERS OF 
THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES MAY BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS 
OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A. FOR A DESCRIPTION 
OF THESE AND CERTAIN FURTHER RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS, SALES AND TRANSFERS 
OF THE NOTES AND DISTRIBUTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS.  See “Transfer restrictions 
for the English Law Notes” and “Subscription and Sale”. 
TO PERMIT COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A IN CONNECTION WITH SALES OF ENGLISH LAW 
NOTES, FOR AS LONG AS ANY OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES REMAIN OUTSTANDING AND 
ARE “RESTRICTED SECURITIES” WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144(a)(3) UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, THE ISSUER WILL FURNISH UPON THE REQUEST OF A HOLDER OF 
NOTES OR OF A BENEFICIAL OWNER OF AN INTEREST THEREIN, OR TO A PROSPECTIVE 
PURCHASER OF SUCH NOTES OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS DESIGNATED BY A HOLDER OF 
NOTES OR A BENEFICIAL OWNER OF AN INTEREST THEREIN TO SUCH HOLDER, 
BENEFICIAL OWNER OR PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER, THE INFORMATION REQUIRED TO BE 
DELIVERED UNDER RULE 144A(d)(4) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND WILL OTHERWISE 
COMPLY WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A(d)(4) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IF 
AT THE TIME OF SUCH REQUEST, THE ISSUER IS NOT A REPORTING COMPANY UNDER 
SECTION 13 OR SECTION 15(d) OF THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS

--- Page 6 ---
Important Notices 
6 
AMENDED (THE “EXCHANGE ACT”), OR EXEMPT FROM REPORTING PURSUANT TO RULE 
12g3-2(b) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT. 
UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN THE RELEVANT FINAL TERMS, FRENCH LAW NOTES 
MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR RESOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None 
of the Dealers makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with 
respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any 
credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, 
the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial 
statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself 
the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should 
be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger 
undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes 
of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the section “Use of Proceeds” 
of this Base Prospectus, as supplemented from time to time and completed (as the case may be) in 
the Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes, and must determine for themselves the relevance of 
such information for the purpose of any investment in the Notes together with any other investigation 
such investor deems necessary.  
Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers have undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of 
the eligibility criteria for selecting investments in Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets, as 
applicable (as defined in the section “Use of Proceeds” and completed, as the case may be, in the 
Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes) or any eligible green or social projects, any verification 
of whether such Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets, as applicable meet such eligibility 
criteria, or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. Investors should refer to the Issuer's website, the 
Issuer’s Green Bond Framework or Social Bond Framework, as applicable, and the second-party 
opinion, if any, for further information. No assurance or representation is given by any of the Dealers 
or the Arranger as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or 
certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) on the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework or Social Bond Framework, as applicable, or on any Green Notes or Social Notes. Any 
such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Dealers 
or the Arranger, to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In addition, payments of principal and interest 
(as the case may be) on Green Notes and Social Notes shall not depend on the performance of the 
relevant Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets, as applicable, nor on the achievement of 
any green or social objectives. None of the Arranger or the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed 
use of proceeds of the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Investors should note that on 31 January 2020 the UK withdrew from the European Union under the 
“Agreement on the withdrawal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland from the 
European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community” dated 19 October 2019 (the

--- Page 7 ---
Important Notices 
7 
“Withdrawal Agreement”). The Withdrawal Agreement instituted a transition period, which ended 
on 31 December 2020 (the “Transition Period”). On 24 December 2020, the European Union and 
the UK reached an agreement in principle on a trade and cooperation agreement (the “EU-UK Trade 
and Cooperation Agreement”) which applies provisionally until 30 April 2021 (as the initial deadline 
of 28 February 2021 has been extended by mutual consent of the parties on 23 February 2021). On 
1 January 2021, the UK lost all the rights and obligations it had as an EEA Member State, including 
during the Transition Period. It no longer benefits from seamless access to the European Single 
Market and Customs Union, or from European policies and international agreements (including free 
trade agreements with other third countries).  
Further to the Withdrawal Agreement, the provisions of Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition 
and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters (the “Brussels I Recast Regulation”) 
will apply to the recognition and enforcement in France of judgments issued by the Courts of the UK 
in legal proceedings instituted before the end of the Transition Period. After the end of the Transition 
Period, the provisions of Brussels I Recast Regulation are no longer be applicable. In 2018, in 
contemplation of a possible no-deal exit from the European Union, the UK had deposited an 
instrument of accession to the Convention on Choice of Courts Agreements dated 30 June 2005 
(the “Hague Convention”). On 31 January 2020, the Government of the UK withdrew such 
instrument of accession to the Hague Convention. On the same date, the Government of the UK 
also declared that the UK intends to deposit a new instrument of accession at the appropriate time 
prior to the termination of the Transition Period to ensure the seamless continuity of the application 
of the Hague Convention in the UK. On 28 September 2020, the UK confirmed its intention to be 
bound by the Hague Convention as of 1 January 2021 and acceded to the Hague Convention. 
Provided that the Courts of the UK are designated under exclusive jurisdiction clauses falling within 
the scope and definitions of the Hague Convention, judgments issued by the Courts of the UK in 
legal proceedings relating to agreements entered into after 1 January 2021 may therefore be 
recognised and enforced in France under the Hague Convention. Investors should also note that the 
recognition and enforcement of judgements issued by the Courts of UK will not occur under the same 
terms and conditions under the Hague Convention and the Brussels I Recast Regulation.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
IMPORTANT NOTICES .................................................................................................................... 2 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................ 9 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................. 20 
CONDITIONS ATTACHED TO THE CONSENT OF THE ISSUER TO USE THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS ............................................................................................................................... 50 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ...................................................................... 54 
CROSS-REFERENCE TABLE ....................................................................................................... 58 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ............................................................................. 62 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER AND THE CREDIT AGRICOLE GROUP .......................... 63 
GOVERNMENT SUPERVISION AND REGULATION OF CREDIT INSTITUTIONS IN FRANCE . 67 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES ...................................................... 86 
FORM OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES ...................................................................................... 196 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR ENGLISH LAW NOTES ............................................................. 204 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT IN RESPECT OF ENGLISH LAW NOTES ............................... 235 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS FOR THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES ............................................... 239 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES ..................................................... 244 
TEMPORARY 
GLOBAL 
CERTIFICATES 
ISSUED 
IN 
RESPECT 
OF 
FRENCH 
LAW 
MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES .............................................................................................. 359 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR FRENCH LAW NOTES .............................................................. 360 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................... 390 
TAXATION .................................................................................................................................... 392 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................ 398 
SENIOR AND SUBORDINATED DEBT SECURITIES IN ISSUE................................................. 407 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................... 408 
GLOSSARY .................................................................................................................................. 413 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS .. 441

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified 
in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to any Terms and Conditions 
of Notes, the relevant Final Terms.  
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of 
Article 25.1(b) of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, as amended.  
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus. The expression "Notes" shall include the 
English Law Notes and the French Law Notes to the extent permitted by the Conditions applicable 
to such English Law Notes and French Law Notes. 
Issuer: 
Crédit Agricole S.A., acting directly or through its London branch. 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier (LEI): 
969500TJ5KRTCJQWXH05.  
Issuer’s website: 
The website of the Issuer is www.credit-agricole.com. The information on such 
website does not form part of the Base Prospectus, unless that information 
has been incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus, and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the AMF.  
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the issue of Notes which may be  
(i) either English Law Notes or French Law Notes and (ii) either Senior Notes 
(i.e., Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or Subordinated 
Notes, as specified in the Final Terms and as further described below. 
Arranger: 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank. 
Dealers: 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as well as any other dealers 
that may be appointed as Permanent Dealer in respect of the whole 
Programme and/or as dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Agents: 
Crédit Agricole S.A. as Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent and Calculation 
Agent, CACEIS Corporate Trust as Paris Paying Agent, Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch as Registrar, Exchange Agent, Transfer Agent, Issuing Agent 
and DTC Paying Agent, and CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg Branch as Paying 
Agent and Transfer Agent. 
Programme Size: 
Up to €80,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) outstanding at 
any time (including those issued through the Issuer’s London Branch). 
Risk Factors: 
An investment in the Notes involves certain risks which should be assessed 
prior to making any investment decision. 
Investors and/or Noteholders should refer to section “Risk Factors” of this 
Base Prospectus in respect of the risks relating to the Issuer as well as the 
risks relating to the Notes.  
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in Series having one or more Issue Dates and on 
terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment

--- Page 10 ---
General Description of the Programme 
10 
of interest and the issue price), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. 
Each Series may be issued in Tranches on the same or different issue dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be supplemented, where 
necessary, with supplemental terms and conditions and, save in respect of the 
Issue Date, issue price, interest commencement date, aggregate nominal 
amount, and amount and date of the first payment of interest of the Tranche, 
will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, the 
Notes may be issued in any currency, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Maturities: 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, 
each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (which, in the case of Subordinated Notes, shall be at 
least five (5) years after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche and, with 
respect to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, shall be at least one (1) year after the 
Issue Date of the relevant Tranche). 
The Subordinated Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may have no 
fixed maturity.   
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to 
their nominal amount.  
Form of Notes: 
(a) English Law Notes 
English Law Notes may be either Bearer Notes or Registered Notes as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary 
Global Note or a permanent Global Note. New Global Notes (NGNs) will be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to the Common 
Safekeeper for Euroclear. Classic Global Notes (CGNs) may be delivered on 
or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to the Common Depositary. 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes which is sold in an “offshore transaction” 
within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act will initially be 
represented by an Unrestricted Global Certificate, without interest coupons, 
which may be deposited on the issue date (i) in the case of a Tranche intended 
to be cleared through Euroclear, with a common depositary on behalf of 
Euroclear, (ii) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a 
clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear or delivered outside a 
clearing system, as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, and 
(iii) in the case of a Tranche intended to be held under the NSS, with a 
Common Safekeeper for Euroclear.  
Registered Notes which are sold in the United States to qualified institutional 
buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act, will initially 
be represented by a Restricted Global Certificate, without interest coupons, 
which will be deposited on the issue date with a custodian for, and registered 
in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee for DTC.  
Registered Notes which are sold in the United States to Institutional 
Accredited Investors pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act will be 
represented by Definitive Registered Notes. Beneficial interests in Global 
Certificates held by Euroclear and/or The Depository Trust Company will be

--- Page 11 ---
General Description of the Programme 
11 
shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records 
maintained by Euroclear and/or DTC, and their respective participants. See 
“Clearing and Settlement in respect of the English Law Notes”. The provisions 
governing the exchange of interests in the Global Notes for other Global Notes 
and Definitive Bearer Notes and the exchange of interests in each Global 
Certificate for Definitive Registered Notes are described in “Form of the 
English Law Notes”. 
For any further information on the form of the English Law Notes and their 
initial delivery, investors and/or Noteholders should refer to sections “Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes” and “Form of the English Law Notes” 
of this Base Prospectus. 
(b) French Law Notes 
French Law Notes may be either Dematerialised Notes or Materialised Notes, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles 
L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier 
by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title 
(including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, in either bearer dematerialised form (au porteur), 
which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central 
depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders, or in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the 
relevant holder in either administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder designated by the 
relevant holder of Notes or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) in which 
case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or the Registration Agent.  
Materialised Notes will be issued in bearer definitive form only. Such Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons 
and a Talon for further Coupons attached, where applicable, save in the case 
of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in 
relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in this 
Base Prospectus are not applicable. Instalment Notes are issued with 
Receipts attached. In accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-11 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier, securities (including the Materialised 
Notes) in materialised form and governed by French law must be issued 
outside the French territory.  
A Temporary Global Certificate in bearer form without interest coupons 
attached will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such 
Temporary Global Certificate will subsequently be exchanged for Materialised 
Bearer Notes in definitive form on or after a date expected to be on or about 
the 40th calendar day after the issue date of the Notes upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership with, where applicable, Coupons attached. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be 
cleared through Euroclear, be deposited on the issue date with a common 
depositary for Euroclear, (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared 
through Euroclear France, be deposited with Euroclear France as central 
depositary, and (c) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a 
clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and Euroclear France

--- Page 12 ---
General Description of the Programme 
12 
or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). Unless otherwise provided for, all 
references to a “day” shall be to a calendar day. 
For any further information on the form of the French Law Notes and their 
initial delivery, investors and/or Noteholders should refer to section “Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes” of this Base Prospectus. 
Denomination(s) of 
Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) and as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of each Note listed 
and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in an EEA Member State, or 
offered to the public in an EEA Member State, in circumstances which require 
the publication of a Base Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be 
at least such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Currency. Dematerialised Notes and Registered 
Notes will be issued in one denomination only. 
Status of Notes: 
The Notes may be either Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes and the Senior 
Notes may be either Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(a) Senior Preferred Notes 
The Senior Preferred Notes (being those Notes which the relevant Final Terms 
specify as being Senior Preferred Notes) are Senior Preferred Obligations.  
The principal and interest on the Senior Preferred Notes constitute, with the 
Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons relating to them (if any), direct, 
unconditional, senior (chirographaires) and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer, and rank and shall at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu among themselves and with other Senior Preferred 
Obligations of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
senior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer and any 
obligations ranking junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; and 
(iii) 
junior to all present and future claims benefiting from statutory 
preferences. 
If and to the extent permitted by the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations, the 
Issuer may treat the Senior Preferred Notes, for regulatory purposes, as 
MREL/TLAC-Eligible 
Instruments 
under 
the 
Applicable 
MREL/TLAC 
Regulations. 
(b) Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes (being those Notes which the relevant Final 
Terms specify as being Senior Non-Preferred Notes) are Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations as provided for in Articles L.613-30-3-I-4° and R.613-28 
of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
The  principal and interest on the Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute, with 
the Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons relating to them (if any), direct, 
unconditional, senior (chirographaires) and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer, and rank and shall at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu among themselves and with other Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations of the Issuer;

--- Page 13 ---
General Description of the Programme 
13 
(ii) 
senior to Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
junior to Senior Preferred Obligations of the Issuer and all present 
and future claims benefiting from statutory preferences. 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court 
declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, the 
Noteholders will have a right to payment under the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and the Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons relating to them (if any): 
(i) 
only after and subject to payment in full of holders of Senior 
Preferred Obligations and other present and future claims 
benefiting from statutory preferences or otherwise ranking in 
priority to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; and 
(ii) 
subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of Ordinarily 
Subordinated Obligations of the Issuer and other present and 
future claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations. 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be 
treated, for regulatory purposes, as MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments under 
the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations. 
(c) Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes (being those Notes which the relevant Final Terms 
specify as being Subordinated Notes) are issued pursuant to the provisions of 
Article L.228-97 of the French Code de commerce and are subordinated 
instruments as provided for in Article L.613-30-3-I-5° of the French Code 
monétaire et financier.  
The principal and interest on the Subordinated Notes constitute, with the 
Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons relating to them (if any), direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer, and 
rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
so long as the Subordinated Notes constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 
Capital, pari passu with (a) any obligations or capital instruments 
of the Issuer which constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital of the 
Issuer  and (b) any other present and future direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or 
are expressed to rank equally with the Subordinated Notes;  
(iii) 
if and when the Subordinated Notes are fully excluded from Tier 2 
Capital,  
(a) senior to (x) any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer 
which constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and 
any other present and future direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are 
expressed to rank equally with them and (y) any other present 
and future direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank 
junior to the Subordinated Notes;

--- Page 14 ---
General Description of the Programme 
14 
(b) pari passu with any other present and future direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the 
Subordinated Notes which are fully excluded from Tier 2 
Capital; 
(iv) 
senior to any present and future prêts participatifs granted to the 
Issuer, titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and deeply 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer (engagements dits "super 
subordonnés" or engagements subordonnés de dernier rang); and 
(v) 
junior to all present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations (including obligations towards depositors) of the Issuer 
and subordinated obligations of the Issuer other than the present 
or future obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank 
pari passu with or junior to the Subordinated Notes. 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court 
declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the 
Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the Noteholders will have a right to 
payment under the Subordinated Notes and the Receipts, Talons and/or 
Coupons relating to them (if any):  
(i) 
subordinated to the payment in full of creditors in respect of all 
present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
(including obligations towards depositors) of the Issuer and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer other than the present or 
future obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank 
pari passu with or junior to the Subordinated Notes; and  
(ii) 
subject to such payment in full, in priority to: 
(a) any prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, any titres 
participatifs issued by it and any deeply subordinated 
obligations 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(engagements 
dits 
“super 
subordonnés” or engagements subordonnés de dernier rang); 
and  
(b) if and when the Subordinated Notes are fully excluded from 
Tier 2 Capital, (x) any obligations or capital instruments of the 
Issuer which constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital of the 
Issuer and any other present and future direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that 
rank or are expressed to rank equally with them and (y) any 
other present and future direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are 
expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes. 
In the event of incomplete payment of all present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations (including obligations towards depositors) of the 
Issuer and subordinated obligations of the Issuer other than the present or 
future obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu 
with or junior to the Subordinated Notes, the obligations of the Issuer in 
connection with the Subordinated Notes will be terminated.

--- Page 15 ---
General Description of the Programme 
15 
If an insolvency proceeding or voluntary liquidation applies to the Issuer, the 
holders of the Subordinated Notes shall be responsible for taking all steps 
necessary to preserve the rights they may have against the Issuer. 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Subordinated Notes shall, (i) for 
supervisory purposes, be treated as Tier 2 Capital, and (ii) for regulatory 
purposes, be treated as MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments under the 
Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations. 
Negative pledge:  
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed Rate Notes will bear a fixed interest payable in arrear on the date or 
dates in each year specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Fixed 
Rate 
Resettable Notes: 
Fixed Rate Resettable Notes will initially bear a fixed rate of interest payable 
in arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and will then be resettable on each Reset Date(s) and bear for each 
corresponding Reset Period an interest rate corresponding to the sum of a 
Reset Reference Rate and a Margin, specified in the relevant Final Terms,  
provided that in no event shall the rate of interest (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, as adjusted for any applicable Margin) be less than zero. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest payable on the date or date(s) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms determined separately for each Series as follows: 
(i) 
on the basis as the floating rate under the 2013 Fédération Bancaire 
Française Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward 
financial instruments in respect of French Law Notes only; 
(ii) 
on the basis of rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
or  
(iii) 
by reference to LIBOR, EURIBOR, €STER, SOFR, SONIA, SARON, 
TONA, CMS or such other reference rate as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, or any successor rate or any alternative rate,  
in each case as adjusted for any applicable Margin. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a Maximum Rate of Interest, a Minimum 
Rate of Interest, or both, provided that in no event shall the rate of interest 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, as adjusted for any applicable Margin) 
be less than zero. 
Interest Period(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes:  Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount to 
it and will bear no interest. 
Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes: 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically 
change from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate, on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms, provided that in no event 
shall the rate of interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, as adjusted for 
any applicable Margin) be less than zero. 
Inflation 
Linked 
Notes: 
Inflation Linked Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the interest in 
respect of such Notes will be calculated by reference either (i) to an inflation 
ratio derived from the non-revised harmonised index of consumer prices 
excluding tobacco, or the relevant successor index, measuring the rate of

--- Page 16 ---
General Description of the Programme 
16 
inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco, as calculated 
and published monthly by Eurostat or (ii) to an inflation ratio derived from the 
non-revised consumer price index excluding tobacco for all households in 
metropolitan France, or the relevant successor index, as calculated and 
published by INSEE. 
CMS Linked Notes: 
CMS Linked Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the interest in respect 
of such Notes will be calculated by reference to any Reference Rate or 
Floating Rate Option, as specified in the Final Terms. 
Early 
Redemption 
and Purchase: 
(a) Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity at the option of the Issuer 
(i) in the case of a Withholding Tax Event or (ii) in the case of a Gross-Up 
Event or (iii) in the case of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event, if a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event Call Option is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms or (iv) if a Call Option is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms or (v) if a Clean-Up Redemption Option is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms.  
In such cases, the Issuer’s option to redeem any Senior Notes is subject to 
certain conditions including in particular (i) such redemption not being 
prohibited by the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations and (ii) the prior 
permission of the Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, if required. 
The Senior Notes may also be redeemed prior to maturity at the option of the 
holders, if a Put Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity at the option of 
the Issuer (i) in the case of a Withholding Tax Event or (ii) in the case of a 
Gross-Up Event or (iii) in the case of a Tax Deductibility Event or (iv) in the 
case of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event, if a MREL/TLAC Disqualification 
Event Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or (v) 
in the case of a Capital Event or (vi) if a Call Option is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms or (vii) if a Clean-Up Redemption Option is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms.  
In such cases, the Issuer’s option to redeem the Subordinated Notes is subject 
to certain conditions including in particular (i) such redemption not being 
prohibited by the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations and/or the Applicable 
Banking Regulations and (ii) the prior approval of the Relevant Regulator 
and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if required.  
No redemption of the Subordinated Notes through a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event Call Option (unless a Capital Event also occurs), a Call 
Option or a Clean-Up Redemption Option will be permitted prior to five (5) 
years from the Issue Date. 
A redemption of the Subordinated Notes will be permitted, subject to certain 
conditions being met, prior to five (5) years from the Issue Date, in the case of 
a Capital Event, a Withholding Tax Event, a Gross-Up Event or a Tax 
Deductibility Event, as well as for market making purposes or if, on or before 
such redemption, the Issuer replaces the Subordinated Notes with own funds 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its 
income capacity.

--- Page 17 ---
General Description of the Programme 
17 
Substitution 
and 
variation in respect 
of 
English 
Law 
Notes:  
(a) Senior Notes 
If the English Law Senior Notes are Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and with 
respect to Senior Preferred Notes if “Substitution and Variation” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in the event that a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a Gross-Up Event occurs 
and is continuing, the Issuer may, subject to the prior permission of the 
Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority (if required), 
substitute English Law Senior Notes or vary their terms, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of such English Law 
Senior Notes, so that they become or remain Qualifying Senior Notes. 
(b) Subordinated Notes 
In the event that a Withholding Tax Event, a Gross-Up Event, a Tax 
Deductibility Event, a Capital Event or a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event 
occurs and is continuing, the Issuer may, subject to the prior permission of the 
Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority (if required), 
substitute English Law Subordinated Notes or vary their terms, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of such English Law 
Subordinated Notes, so that they become or remain Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes. 
No substitution of any English Law Subordinated Notes in case of a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event will be permitted prior to five (5) years from 
the Issue Date (unless a Capital Event also occurs). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes and any related Receipts and Coupons 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, or 
on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of 
France, or any authority therein or thereof, having the power to tax, unless the 
withholding or deduction of such taxes is required by law. 
In addition, all payments in respect of Notes issued through the Issuer's 
London branch and any related Receipts and Coupons shall also be made 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of the UK, or any authority therein or thereof, 
having the power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes is 
required by law. 
If there is French Withholding or (in the case of Notes issued through the 
Issuer’s London branch) UK Withholding on any payment of interest in respect 
of the Notes or Coupons relating thereto, the Issuer shall, to the fullest extent 
then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in 
order that the holders of Notes, or Coupons, after such deduction or 
withholding, will receive the same amounts of interest as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, save 
in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 9 (Taxation) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 8 (Taxation) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes.

--- Page 18 ---
General Description of the Programme 
18 
Events of Default: 
(a) Senior Preferred Notes 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of a particular Series of 
Senior Preferred Notes, there will be limited events of default in respect of 
such Senior Preferred Notes.  
• 
The events of default that may be applicable if specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms are the following: the non-payment of amounts 
due under Senior Preferred Notes on their due date, the breach of any 
other obligation under Senior Preferred Notes or the insolvency (or other 
similar proceeding) of the Issuer.  
• 
Otherwise, there will be no event of default under the Senior Preferred 
Notes which would lead to an acceleration of such Notes if certain events 
occur. In addition, if any judgment were issued for the judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer were liquidated for any 
other reason, then such Notes would become immediately due and 
payable. 
(b) Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes 
There are no event of default under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes which would lead to an acceleration of such Notes if 
certain events occur. However, if any judgment were issued for the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer were liquidated 
for any other reason, then the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes would become immediately due and payable. 
Waiver 
of 
Set-off 
rights: 
The Noteholders waive any right of set-off, compensation and retention 
against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire 
against such holder, directly or indirectly, in relation to the Notes, to the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable law.  
Acknowledgement 
of Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers: 
Notwithstanding any other term of a given Series of Notes or any other 
agreement, arrangement or understanding between the Issuer and the 
holders of any Note, by its acquisition of any of Note, each Noteholder (which 
includes each holder of a beneficial interest in any Note) acknowledges, 
accepts, consents and agrees (i) to be bound by the effect of the exercise of 
the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
and (ii) that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if 
necessary, to give effect to, the exercise of the Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, as more fully described in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
Ratings: 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Standard & Poor’s assigns long and short-
term Issuer Credit Ratings of A+/Negative outlook/A-1 to Crédit Agricole S.A. 
Moody’s assigns an Issuer Rating of Aa3/Stable outlook/P-1 to Crédit Agricole 
S.A. Fitch assigns long and short-term Issuer Default Ratings of  A+/Negative 
outlook/F1 to Crédit Agricole S.A. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. Investors are invited to refer to the websites of the relevant

--- Page 19 ---
General Description of the Programme 
19 
 
rating agencies in order to have access to the latest ratings (respectively: 
www.standardandpoors.com, www.moodys.com, and www.fitchratings.com). 
These ratings have been issued upon request from the Issuer. 
Listing 
and 
Admission 
to 
Trading: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Paris and/or on any other stock exchange or 
may not be listed. 
Governing Laws: 
The Notes, and the Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons relating to them (if any), 
will be governed either by (i) English law (except for the status of the Notes 
which will be governed by French law) or (ii) French law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The offer and sale of Notes will be subject to selling restrictions in various 
jurisdictions, in particular, those of the EEA, the UK, the United States of 
America, Japan, Hong Kong, The People’s Republic of China, Australia, 
Canada, Taiwan and Singapore. See section “Subscription and Sale” of this 
Base Prospectus. 
United 
States 
Selling 
Restrictions/TEFRA: 
Regulation S, Category 2. The Final Terms will specify whether TEFRA Rules 
are applicable and, if applicable, whether TEFRA C or TEFRA D is applicable.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consider carefully, in light of their financial 
circumstances and investment objectives, all of the information in this Base Prospectus and, in 
particular, the risk factors set forth below (which do not describe all the risks of an investment in the 
Notes but which the Issuer, in its reasonable opinion, believes represent or may represent the risk 
factors known to it which may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes) in 
making an investment decision. Certain documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus also contain useful information pertaining to the risk factors relating to the Issuer and its 
operations. (See “Cross-Reference Table” below). 
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the section entitled “Glossary”. 
Risk Factors relating to the Issuer 
Risks relating to the Issuer are described on pages 43 to 55 of the Amendment A.01 to the 2020 
URD, as further described under “Documents Incorporated by Reference” in this Base Prospectus. 
Bearing in mind the structure of the Crédit Agricole Group, and in particular the legal mechanism for 
internal financial solidarity provided for in Article L.511-31 of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
the risks relating to the Issuer are those relating to the Crédit Agricole Group as described in the 
Amendment A.01 to the 2020 URD. 
Risk Factors relating to the Notes 
1. 
Risks for the Noteholders as creditors of the Issuer 
1.1 
The Notes may be subject to mandatory write-down or conversion to equity under 
European and French laws relating to bank recovery and resolution 
The BRRD II, together with the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, requires that 
relevant resolution authorities write-down common equity tier 1, additional tier 1 and tier 
2 instruments (such as, for tier 2 instruments, the Subordinated Notes so long as they 
constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital) (together “Capital Instruments”) or convert them 
to equity or other instruments, if they determine that, prior to the initiation of a resolution 
proceeding, (i) the conditions for the initiation of a resolution proceeding in respect of an 
issuing institution have been satisfied (see relevant conditions in paragraph below), (ii) 
the viability of such issuing institution or its group depends on such write-down or 
conversion or (iii) the issuing institution or its group requires extraordinary public support 
(subject to certain exceptions).  
Capital Instruments must be written-down or converted to equity or other instruments in 
the following order of priority: (i) common equity tier 1 instruments are to be written-down 
first, (ii) additional tier 1 instruments issued before 28 December 2020 that are or were, 
before that date, totally or partially, qualified as such and additional tier 1 instruments 
issued after 28 December 2020 so long as they remain totally or partly qualified as such 
are to be written-down or converted into common equity tier 1 instruments, and (iii) tier 
2 capital instruments issued before 28 December 2020 that are or were, before that date, 
totally or partially, qualified as such and tier 2 capital instruments issued after 28 
December 2020 so long as they remain totally or partly qualified as such (such as the

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
21 
Subordinated Notes so long as they constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital) are to be 
written-down or converted to common equity tier 1 instruments. 
In addition, once a resolution proceeding is initiated, the powers provided to the relevant 
resolution authority include the power to “bail-in” Capital Instruments (including tier 2 
instruments such as the Subordinated Notes so long as they constitute, fully or partly, 
Tier 2 Capital) and bail-inable liabilities (including subordinated debt instruments not 
qualifying as Capital Instruments – such as, pursuant to Article L.613-30-3-I-5° of the 
French Code monétaire et financier created by the French Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 
relative au régime de résolution dans le secteur bancaire dated 21 December 2020 
implementing under French law Article 48(7) of the BRRD II, such Subordinated Notes 
issued after 28 December 2020 if and when the Subordinated Notes are fully excluded 
from Tier 2 Capital – and senior unsecured debt instruments such as the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and the Senior Preferred Notes), meaning writing them down or 
converting them to equity or other instruments. 
Bail-inable liabilities may be written-down or converted as follows: (i) subordinated debt 
instruments other than Capital Instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes issued after 
28 December 2020 if and when they are fully excluded from Tier 2 Capital) are to be 
written-down or converted into common equity tier 1 instruments in accordance with the 
hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings, and (ii) other bail-inable liabilities 
are to be written-down or converted into common equity tier 1 instruments, in accordance 
with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. In this regard, the 
subordinated debt instruments not qualifying as Capital Instruments (such as the 
Subordinated Notes issued after 28 December 2020 if and when they are fully excluded 
from Tier 2 Capital) would be written-down or converted to equity before any unsecured 
senior non-preferred debt instruments (such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and 
unsecured senior non-preferred debt instruments (such as the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) would be written-down or converted to equity before any Senior Preferred 
Obligations (such as the Senior Preferred Notes) of the Issuer. 
The write-down or conversion power and the bail-in power could as such result in the full 
(i.e. to zero) or partial write-down or conversion to equity (or other instruments) of the 
Notes. In addition, if the Issuer’s financial condition or the Crédit Agricole Group’s 
financial condition, deteriorates, or is perceived to deteriorate, the existence of these 
powers could cause the market value and/or the liquidity of the Notes to decline more 
rapidly than it would be the case in the absence of such powers.  
Further, public financial support would not be available except as a last resort, after 
resolution tools, including the write-down or conversion power and the bail-in power, 
have been fully assessed and exploited. 
After a resolution proceeding is initiated and in addition to the powers mentioned above, 
the BRRD II provides resolution authorities with broader powers to implement other 
resolution tools, which may include (without limitation), the total or partial sale of the 
issuing institution’s business, the separation of assets, the replacement or substitution 
of the issuing institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments (including the Notes to 
be issued under the Programme), modifications to the terms of the issuing institution’s 
debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable 
and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments) and discontinuing the listing and 
admission to trading of financial instruments. Alongside those resolution tools, the 
resolution authority can temporarily suspend any payment obligation or delivery

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
22 
obligation under a contract entered into with the relevant French in-scope entity, impose 
a temporary restriction on secured creditors of the relevant French in-scope entity from 
enforcing security interests over any assets of that institution and declare a temporary 
stay on the termination rights of the contracts entered into by the relevant French in-
scope entity, provided however, that the payment and delivery obligations and the 
provision of collateral continue to be performed. The exercise of any of these powers 
could materially adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the market value of their 
investment in the Notes and/or the liquidity of the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to 
satisfy its obligations under any Notes. As a result, the Noteholders could lose all or a 
substantial part of their investment in the Notes. 
In light of the above, in the event a resolution procedure is initiated in respect of the 
Crédit Agricole Group (including the Issuer) and even before the commencement of such 
procedure with respect to holders of Capital Instruments (including tier 2 instruments 
such as the Subordinated Notes so long as they constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital), 
there is a very significant risk that the market value and/or the liquidity of the Notes be 
irrevocably and materially altered and that the holders of the Subordinated Notes and 
the holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Senior Preferred Notes lose all 
or a substantial part of their investment.  
For further information about the BRRD II and related matters (including the scope of the 
resolution measures and their articulation with the legal mechanism for internal financial 
solidarity provided for in Article L.511-31 of the French Code monétaire et financier), see 
the section entitled “Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in 
France” and, in particular, the paragraph entitled “Resolution measures”.  
1.2 
If the Guarantee Fund proves insufficient to restore liquidity and solvency of any 
network member or affiliate that may encounter future financial difficulty, the 
Issuer may be required to contribute additional funds and, in an extreme case, the 
Noteholders may suffer material adverse financial consequences 
As the central body of the Crédit Agricole Network (which includes primarily the Issuer, 
the Regional Banks, the Local Banks, Crédit Agricole CIB and BforBank, as affiliated 
members – hereinafter the “Crédit Agricole Network”), the Issuer represents its 
affiliated credit institutions before regulatory authorities. Pursuant to Article L.511-31 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier, the Issuer is required to ensure that each 
member of the Crédit Agricole Network (each, a “Member of the Credit Agricole 
Network” which shall include, for the avoidance of doubt, each affiliate), as well as such 
network as a whole, maintains adequate liquidity and solvency, and must call on other 
Member of the Crédit Agricole Network for that purpose whenever and in any manner 
deemed necessary. As a result of its role as a central body, the Issuer is empowered 
under applicable laws and regulations to exercise administrative, technical and financial 
supervision over the organisation and management of these institutions. 
To assist the Issuer in assuming its central body duties and commitments and to ensure 
mutual support within the Crédit Agricole Network, a fund for liquidity and solvency 
banking risks (known by its French acronym as the FRBLS for “fonds pour risques 
bancaires de liquidité et de solvabilité” (the “Guarantee Fund”) has been established. 
The Guarantee Fund is funded by the Issuer at 75 per cent. and by the Regional Banks 
at 25 per cent., in an aggregate amount of €1,239 million as at 31 December 2020. 
Although the Issuer is not aware of circumstances likely to require recourse to the 
Guarantee Fund, it may become necessary to call upon the capital of the Guarantee

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
23 
Fund. In the event of its full depletion, the Issuer will not be required to make up the 
shortfall. 
As a result of this obligation, if a Member of the Crédit Agricole Network were to 
encounter significant financial difficulties, such difficulties could have a material adverse 
impact on the financial condition of the Issuer and the other Member of the Crédit 
Agricole Network and, as a consequence, may also materially impact the ability of the 
Issuer to make payments under the Notes. In an extreme case where such financial 
difficulties lead to resolution proceedings for the Crédit Agricole Group or to the court-
ordered liquidation of the Issuer, the requirement that the Issuer’s financial resources 
and those of the other members of Crédit Agricole Network shall be used to support the 
group entity that initially experienced financial difficulties could materially adversely 
impact holders of securities of the Issuer, beginning with securities constituting common 
equity tier 1 and additional tier 1 capital. In the event financial losses exceed the 
combined amount of common equity tier 1 and additional tier 1 capital, the assets of the 
Issuer and the other members of the Crédit Agricole Network, may be insufficient to 
permit the full repayment of securities constituting tier 2 capital (such as the 
Subordinated Notes so long as they constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital), other 
subordinated debt instruments (such as, pursuant to Article L.613-30-3-I-5° of the French 
Code monétaire et financier created by the French Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 relative 
au régime de résolution dans le secteur bancaire dated 21 December 2020 implementing 
under French law Article 48(7) of the BRRD II, the Subordinated Notes issued after 28 
December 2020 if and when they no longer constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital), 
senior non preferred securities (such as the Senior Non Preferred Notes) and potentially 
senior preferred debt (such as the Senior Preferred Notes). In such event, impacted 
security holders, including holders of the Notes, could lose all or part of their investment. 
For further information about the articulation of the legal mechanism for internal financial 
solidarity provided for in Article L.511-31 of the French Code monétaire et financier and 
the resolution measures, see the section entitled “Government Supervision and 
Regulation of Credit Institutions in France” and, in particular, the paragraph entitled 
“Resolution measures”. 
1.3 
Return on the Notes may be limited or delayed by the insolvency of the Issuer 
If, despite any resolution measures initiated in respect of the Crédit Agricole Group 
(including the Issuer), the Issuer (whose registered office is located in France) were to 
become insolvent and/or were subject to any insolvency proceedings, application of 
French insolvency law could affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments on the Notes.  
Please refer to the risk factor “The Notes may be subject to mandatory write-down or 
conversion to equity under European and French laws relating to bank recovery and 
resolution” and the section entitled “Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit 
Institutions in France” for a description of resolution measures including, critically, the 
Bail-in Tool, which can be implemented under the BRRD II. 
In particular, under French insolvency law, holders of debt securities are automatically 
grouped into a single assembly of holders (the “Assembly”) in order to defend their 
common interests if a safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), an accelerated 
safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée), an accelerated financial 
safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde financière accélérée) is opened in

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
24 
France with respect to the Issuer or if a reorganisation plan is contemplated, as part of  
a judicial reorganisation procedure (redressement judiciaire) opened in respect thereof. 
In such circumstances, the Assembly will comprise all holders of debt securities issued 
by the Issuer (including the Notes), whether or not under the Programme and regardless 
of their ranking and their governing law. The Assembly will deliberate on any proposed 
safeguard plan, proposed accelerated safeguard plan, proposed accelerated financial 
safeguard plan or proposed judicial reorganisation plan applicable to the Issuer and may 
further agree to: 
• 
reschedule payments which are due and/or partially or totally write-off debts 
and/or convert debts into equity (including with respect to amounts owed under 
the Notes); and/or 
• 
establish an unequal treatment between holders of debt securities (including the 
Noteholders) as appropriate under the circumstances. 
Decisions of the Assembly will be taken by a two-thirds majority (calculated as a 
proportion of the amount of debt securities held by the holders attending such Assembly 
or represented thereat who have cast a vote at such Assembly). No quorum is required 
to hold the Assembly. 
The receiver (administrateur judiciaire) is allowed to take into account the existence of 
voting or subordination agreements entered into by a holder of notes, or the existence of 
an arrangement providing that a third party will pay the holder’s claims, in full or in part, 
in order to reduce such holder’s voting rights within the Assembly. The receiver must 
disclose the method to compute such voting rights and the interested holder may dispute 
such computation before the president of the competent commercial court. These 
provisions could apply to a Noteholder who has entered into a hedging arrangement in 
relation to the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in such circumstances, the provisions relating to the 
meetings of holders of French Law Notes or English Law Notes, provided for in 
Condition 12 (Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and in Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, or contained in the Agency Agreement, 
respectively, will not be applicable. 
Further, the 1988 Guarantee may be called upon if the assets of the Issuer in a liquidation 
or dissolution procedure are insufficient, but not in the context of any other insolvency 
procedures. For further details regarding the 1988 Guarantee, please refer to the section 
entitled “Information about the Issuer and the Crédit Agricole Group”. 
As a result, the return to investors on the Notes may be limited or delayed if the Issuer 
were to become insolvent and/or were subject to any insolvency proceedings such as a 
mandat ad hoc procedure (procédure de mandat ad hoc), conciliation procedure 
(procédure de conciliation), safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), 
accelerated financial safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde financière 
accélérée), accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée), 
judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or a liquidation procedure (liquidation 
judiciaire). The commencement of any such insolvency proceedings against the Issuer

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
25 
could therefore have a material adverse impact on the market value and/or the liquidity 
of the Notes and Noteholders could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
2. 
Risk related to the market of the Notes and credit ratings 
2.1 
The market value of the Notes may be adversely impacted by many events 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness and/or the credit 
ratings of the Issuer, as well as a number of additional factors, to varying degrees, 
including the volatility of market interest, yield rates and indexes, currency exchange 
rates, inflation rates and the time remaining to the Maturity Date. 
Further, the Final Terms may provide that application is made for a particular Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market and/or on any stock exchange (and in particular on the Regulated Market of 
Euronext Paris). The market value of the Notes on any Regulated Market and/or on any 
stock exchange (and in particular on the Regulated Market of Euronext Paris) depends 
on several interrelated factors, including global economic, financial, regulatory and 
political events in France, the United Kingdom, Europe, the United States and elsewhere, 
including factors affecting capital markets generally and the Regulated Market and/or 
stock exchange on which the Notes are traded (and in particular on the Regulated Market 
of Euronext Paris). 
Such factors may cause market volatility and such volatility may materially adversely 
affect the market value of the Notes. In addition, economic and market conditions may 
have any other material adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. Further, the 
price at which a Noteholder may sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, 
which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such 
Noteholder. These risks may result in investors losing part of their investment in the 
Notes. 
2.2 
A trading market for the Notes may not develop or continue  
Notes may have no established market when issued and an active trading market for 
such Notes may not develop or continue in the future. If a trading market does develop 
for the Notes, it may not be very liquid and the Notes may trade at a discount to their 
initial offering price depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar 
securities, general economic conditions, the financial condition of the Issuer and any 
legal or regulatory changes. For instance, pursuant to the French Ordonnance n° 2020-
1636 relative au régime de résolution dans le secteur bancaire dated 21 December 2020, 
Article L.613-30-3-I-4° of the French Code monétaire et financier was amended to provide 
that Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued after such date shall be issued with a minimum 
denomination of at least €50,000. 
Further, if the Final Terms provide that application is made for a particular Series of Notes 
issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market and/or on any stock exchange (and in particular on the Regulated Market of 
Euronext Paris), there is a risk that any particular application will not be accepted, that 
such Series of Notes will not be so admitted or that an active trading market in respect 
of such Series of Notes will not develop, or that, once accepted and/or admitted, such

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
26 
admission and/or listing will be suspended or terminated during the life of the Notes of 
such Series.  
Therefore, there is a significant risk that investors will not be able to sell, transfer or 
dispose of their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with their anticipated yield 
or with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. Consequences could be materially adverse for the Noteholders and they could 
lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
2.3 
Any decline in the credit ratings of the Issuer or changes in rating methodologies 
may affect the market value and the liquidity of the Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies (such as Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s  
or Fitch) may assign credit ratings of the Issuer with respect to its long and short-term 
debt. The credit ratings of the Issuer with respect to its long and short-term debt are an 
assessment of its ability to pay its obligations, including those on Notes, which value may 
be affected, in part, by investors’ general appraisal of the Issuer’s creditworthiness. 
Consequently, actual or anticipated declines in the credit ratings of the Issuer may 
significantly affect the market value of the Notes, as well as the liquidity of the Notes on 
the secondary market. As a result, there is a risk that investors may not be able to sell 
their Notes easily or at the price at which they would have sold the Notes had the credit 
ratings of the Issuer not declined.  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Standard & Poor’s assigns long and short-term 
Issuer Credit Ratings of A+/Negative outlook/A-1 to the Issuer. Moody’s assigns an 
Issuer Rating of Aa3/Stable outlook/P-1 to the Issuer. Fitch assigns long and short-term 
Issuer Default Ratings of A+/Negative outlook/F1 to the Issuer. 
In addition, the credit rating agencies may revise or withdraw the credit ratings assigned 
to the Issuer with respect to its long and short-term debt at any time or may change their 
methodologies for rating securities with similar features to the Notes in the future. This 
may include the relationship between ratings assigned to an issuer's senior securities 
and ratings assigned to securities with features similar to the Notes, sometimes called 
“notching”. If the rating agencies were to change their practices for rating such securities 
in the future and/or the ratings of the Notes were to be subsequently lowered, revised, 
suspended or withdrawn, this may have a negative impact on the trading price of the 
Notes and as a result, Noteholders could lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
2.4 
Foreign currency Notes expose investors to foreign-exchange risk as well as to 
Issuer risk 
Condition 5 (Interest and other calculations) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes and of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes allows for Notes 
to be issued in a range of currencies. As purchasers of foreign currency notes, investors 
are exposed to the risk of changing foreign exchange rates. This risk is in addition to any 
performance risk that relates to the Issuer or the type of Note being issued. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the relevant Specified Currency. 
This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor's 
Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
27 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. Such 
risks generally depend on a number of factors, including financial, economic and political 
events over which the Issuer has no control. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the 
Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. If the risk 
ever materialises, the Noteholders may receive less interest or principal than expected, 
or no interest or principal as measured in the Investor’s Currency. 
3. 
Risk related to the structure or features of a particular issue of Notes 
3.1 
Risks related to the status and eligibility of a particular issue of Notes 
3.1.1 Subordinated Notes are subordinated obligations and are junior to certain 
obligations  
Subordinated Notes are issued pursuant to the provisions of Article L.228-97 of the 
French Code de commerce and are subordinated instruments as provided for in 
Article L.613-30-3-I-5° of the French Code monétaire et financier. The Issuer’s 
obligations under the Subordinated Notes (including, where applicable, any 
Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons related thereto) are unsecured and subordinated 
and will rank junior in priority of payment to unsubordinated obligations (including 
obligations toward depositors, the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) of the Issuer, and to subordinated obligations expressed to rank 
senior to the Subordinated Notes as more fully described in Condition 3(b) 
(Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and of 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes. Any Subordinated Notes or 
other Capital Instruments (including instruments initially ranking junior to the 
Subordinated Notes, such as additional tier 1 instruments) issued after 28 December 
2020 will, pursuant to Article L.613-30-3-I-5° of the French Code monétaire et 
financier created by the French Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 relative au régime de 
résolution dans le secteur bancaire dated 21 December 2020 implementing under 
French law Article 48(7) of the BRRD II and as provided for in Condition 3(b) 
(Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and of 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, if they are no longer fully 
recognised as Capital Instruments, change ranking so they will rank senior to (i) the 
Subordinated Notes issued after 28 December 2020 so long as they constitute, fully 
or partly, Tier 2 Capital and (ii) the Subordinated Notes issued before 
28 December 2020 that constitutes or have constituted in the past, fully or partly, 
Tier 2 Capital. For the avoidance of doubt, such change to a more senior rank would 
occur over the life of the relevant Subordinated Notes automatically as per the terms 
of their Terms and Conditions without consultation of the holders of such 
Subordinated Notes or the holders of any other Notes outstanding at such time. 
As a consequence, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring 
the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated 
for any other reason, the rights of payment of the holders of the Subordinated Notes

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
28 
(including, where applicable, any Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons related thereto) 
will be subordinated to the payment in full of present and future unsubordinated 
creditors (including depositors, holders of Senior Preferred Notes and holders of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and any other present and future creditors whose 
claims rank senior to the Subordinated Notes (including, the Subordinated Notes or 
other instrument – including instruments initially ranking junior to the Subordinated 
Notes such as additional tier 1 instruments – issued after 28 December 2020 which 
are no longer fully or partly recognised as Capital Instruments and which have, 
consequently, changed ranking pursuant to their own contractual terms and 
conditions and Article L.613-30-3-I-5° of the French Code monétaire et financier 
created by the French Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 relative au régime de résolution 
dans le secteur bancaire dated 21 December 2020 implementing under French law 
Article 48(7) of the BRRD II) and, consequently, the risk of non-payment for the 
Subordinated Notes which are recognised, fully or partly, as Capital Instruments 
would be increased. In the event of incomplete payment, upon the liquidation of the 
Issuer, of unsubordinated creditors and any other creditors that are senior to the 
holders of Subordinated Notes, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the 
Subordinated Notes (including, where applicable, any Receipts, Talons and/or 
Coupons related thereto) will be terminated and Noteholders would lose their 
investment in the Subordinated Notes (including, where applicable, any Receipts, 
Talons and/or Coupons related thereto). Please refer to the paragraph entitled 
“Implementation of Article 48(7) of BRRD II under French law” in the section 
“Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit institutions in France”. 
Further, there is no restriction on the issuance by the Issuer of additional senior 
obligations. As a consequence, if the Issuer enters into judicial liquidation 
proceedings (liquidation judiciaire) or is liquidated for any other reason, the Issuer 
will be required to pay potentially substantial amounts of senior obligations (including 
Senior Notes) before any payment is made in respect of the Subordinated Notes. 
Please refer to the risk factor “The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, 
which may rank pari passu with Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Subordinated Notes, or senior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes” below. 
In addition, the Subordinated Notes may be written-down or converted into equity 
securities or other instruments: 
(i) 
so long as they constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital, independently and/or 
before a resolution procedure is initiated and after such resolution procedure 
is initiated pursuant to the bail-in power of a relevant resolution authority; 
and/or  
(ii) 
if and when the Subordinated Notes are fully excluded from Tier 2 Capital, 
after a resolution procedure is initiated pursuant to the bail-in power of a 
relevant resolution authority.  
Due to the fact that Subordinated Notes (including when such Subordinated Notes 
are fully excluded from Tier 2 Capital) rank junior to Senior Preferred Obligations 
and Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, they would be written-down or converted in 
full before any of the Issuer’s Senior Preferred Notes and any other present or future 
senior preferred obligations of the Issuer or Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any 
other present and future senior non preferred obligations of the Issuer are written-

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
29 
down or converted. Please refer to the risk factor “The Notes may be subject to 
mandatory write-down or conversion to equity under European and French laws 
relating to bank recovery and resolution” above. 
Holders of the Subordinated Notes bear significantly more risk than holders of senior 
obligations (such as the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes). As a consequence, there is a substantial risk that investors in Subordinated 
Notes will lose all or a significant part of their investments if the Issuer were to enter 
into resolution or liquidation proceedings. 
3.1.2 Senior Non-Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior 
to certain obligations 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, where 
applicable, any Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons related thereto) constitute senior 
non-preferred obligations within the meaning of Articles L.613-30-3–I-4° and R.613-
28 of the French Code monétaire et financier. While the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(including, where applicable, any Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons related thereto) 
by their terms are expressed, in accordance with Condition 3(a)(ii) (Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and of the 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, to be direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and senior (chirographaires) obligations of the Issuer, they nonetheless 
rank junior in priority of payment to senior preferred obligations of the Issuer in the 
case of judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire). The Issuer’s senior preferred 
obligations, including the Senior Preferred Notes (and, where applicable, any 
Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons related thereto), in accordance with Condition 
3(a)(i) (Senior Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, comprise all of the 
Issuer’s deposit obligations, the Issuer’s obligations in respect of derivatives and 
other financial contracts, the Issuer’s unsubordinated debt securities outstanding as 
of the date of the entry into force of Article L.613-30-3–I-4° of the French Code 
monétaire et financier and all unsubordinated or senior debt securities issued 
thereafter that are not expressed to be senior non-preferred obligations within the 
meaning of Articles L.613-30-3–I-4° and R.613-28 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier.  
As a consequence, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the 
judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, the rights of payment of the 
holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, where applicable, any 
Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons related thereto) will be subordinated to the 
payment in full of holders of all present and future senior preferred obligations of the 
Issuer (including the Senior Preferred Notes) and all present and future undertakings 
benefiting from statutory preferences. In the event of incomplete payment all present 
and future senior preferred obligations of the Issuer (including the Senior Preferred 
Notes) and all present and future undertakings benefiting from statutory preferences 
upon the liquidation of the Issuer, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, where applicable, any Receipts, Talons 
and/or Coupons related thereto) will be terminated and the relevant Noteholders 
would lose their investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, where 
applicable, any Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons related thereto).

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
30 
Further, there is no restriction on the issuance by the Issuer of additional senior 
preferred obligations. As a consequence, if any judgment is rendered by any 
competent court declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, 
the Issuer will be required to pay potentially substantial amounts of senior preferred 
obligations (including Senior Preferred Notes) before any payment is made in respect 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Please refer to the risk factor “The Issuer is not 
prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari passu with Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, or senior to Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes” below. 
In addition, if the Issuer enters into resolution, its bail-inable liabilities (including the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) may be subject to bail-in, meaning potential write-down 
or conversion into equity securities or other instruments, in the order of priority that 
would apply in judicial liquidation proceedings (liquidation judiciaire). Due to the fact 
that senior non-preferred obligations such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank 
junior to senior preferred obligations, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes would be 
written-down or converted in full before any of the Issuer’s senior preferred 
obligations were written-down or converted. Please refer to the risk factor “The Notes 
may be subject to mandatory write-down or conversion to equity under European and 
French laws relating to bank recovery and resolution” above. 
As a consequence, holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes bear significantly more 
risk than holders of senior preferred obligations (such as the Senior Preferred Notes), 
and could lose all or a significant part of their investments if the Issuer were to enter 
into resolution or judicial liquidation proceedings. 
3.1.3 The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari 
passu with Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes, or senior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes place no restriction on the amount of debt 
that the Issuer may issue that ranks senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the 
Subordinated Notes or on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue that ranks 
pari passu with the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the 
Subordinated Notes. The aggregate amount due under such outstanding debt may 
be substantial.  
The Issuer’s issuance of additional debt may have important consequences for 
investors in the Notes, including increasing the risk of the Issuer’s inability to satisfy 
its obligations with respect to the Notes or a loss in the market value of the Notes. 
The issue of any such debt may reduce the amount recoverable by holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes upon the 
Issuer's liquidation. If the Issuer's financial condition were to deteriorate, the relevant 
holders of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes could suffer direct and materially adverse consequences, including 
suspension of interest and reduction of interest and principal and, if the Issuer were 
liquidated or become subject to any resolution procedure, the relevant holders of 
Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes could 
suffer loss of all or a significant part of their investment.

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
31 
3.1.4 The terms of the Notes do not provide for any event of default, or, if so specified 
in the Final Terms in respect of a particular Series of Senior Preferred Notes, 
provide for limited events of default  
Condition 11 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and Condition 10 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, do not provide for any event of default in respect of Subordinated 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
With respect to Senior Preferred Notes, pursuant to Condition 11 (Events of Default) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 10 (Events of 
Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, the Issuer may decide 
to specify certain events of default as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. Such 
events of default are the following: the non-payment of amounts due under Senior 
Preferred Notes on their due date, the breach of any other obligation under Senior 
Preferred Notes or the insolvency (or other similar proceeding) of the Issuer. The 
relevant Final Terms for a particular Series of Senior Preferred Notes may provide 
that all or some only of such events of default are applicable. Even if all or some of 
the events of default are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
holder of any Senior Preferred Note may only give notice that such Senior Preferred 
Note is immediately due and repayable in a limited number of events. Such events 
do not include, for example, any other present or future indebtedness for money 
borrowed or otherwise raised by the Issuer becoming due and payable prior to its 
stated maturity by reason of default by the Issuer. 
With respect to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and, if no events 
of default are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Senior Preferred 
Notes, in no event will holders of such Notes be able to accelerate the maturity of 
their Notes, even in events that would negatively affect the market value of the Notes 
or the liquidity of the Notes on the secondary market. Accordingly, in the event that 
any payment on such Notes is not made when due, each holder will have a claim 
only for amounts then due and payable on their Notes. In such case, upon a payment 
default, the sole remedy available to Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in 
respect of any payment of principal or interest will be the institution of proceedings to 
enforce such payment. This could result in significant delays in the payment of 
interest or principal and could adversely affect the liquidity and market value of the 
Notes. As a result, Noteholders could lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
3.1.5 The terms of the Notes contain very limited covenants 
As contemplated in Condition 4 (No Negative Pledge) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, 
there is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. The Issuer may pledge assets to 
secure indebtedness without granting an equivalent pledge or security interest to the 
Notes. As a consequence, holders of the Notes bear more credit risk than secured 
creditors of the Issuer.  
The Issuer is generally permitted to sell or otherwise dispose of any or substantially 
all of its assets to another corporation or other entity under the terms of the Notes. If 
the Issuer decides to dispose of a large amount of its assets, investors in the Notes 
will not be entitled to declare an acceleration of the maturity of the Notes, and those 
assets will no longer be available to support the Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
32 
In addition, the Notes do not require the Issuer to comply with financial ratios or 
otherwise limit its ability or that of its subsidiaries or affiliates to incur additional debt, 
nor do they limit the Issuer’s ability to use cash to make investments or acquisitions, 
or the ability of the Issuer or its subsidiaries or affiliates to pay dividends, repurchase 
shares or otherwise distribute cash to shareholders.  
Furthermore, in accordance with Condition 11 (Events of Default) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 10 (Events of Default) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, in no event will holders of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and, if no events of default are specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Senior Preferred Notes be able to 
accelerate the maturity of their Notes. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to satisfy any 
obligations under such Notes, Noteholders will not be entitled to seek early 
repayment of the Notes prior to the relevant Maturity Date. Please refer to the risk 
factor “The terms of the Notes do not provide for any event of default, or, if so 
specified in the Final Terms in respect of a particular Series of Senior Preferred 
Notes, provide for limited events of default” above. 
Such actions could severely affect the Issuer’s ability to service its debt obligations, 
including those of the Notes and this could have a severe adverse impact on this 
Noteholders. As a result, Noteholders could lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
3.1.6 The terms of the Notes contain a waiver of set-off clause 
As contemplated in Condition 15 (Waiver of Set-Off) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes and Condition 14 (Waiver of Set-Off) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, no holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon may at any time exercise or claim any set-off right against any right, claim, or 
liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against such holder, directly or 
indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such 
rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or 
other instruments of any sort, whether or not relating to such Note, Receipt, Coupon 
or Talon) and each such holder shall be deemed to have waived all set-off right to 
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and 
potential rights, claims and liabilities.  
As a result, holders of the Notes will not at any time be entitled to set-off the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Notes against obligations owed by them to the Issuer, and 
more generally to exercise or claim any set-off right.  
Such impossibility to exercise any set-off right could have an adverse effect on the 
ability of Noteholders to receive payments by the Issuer of its debts under the Notes 
and Noteholders could receive a lower return on their investments in the Notes.  
3.1.7 Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
Condition 12 (Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 11 (Representation of 
Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes contain 
provisions for the calling of meetings of Noteholders or consulting them by way of 
Written Resolutions to consider matters affecting their interests generally (but if the 
relevant Final Terms in respect of a series of French Law Notes specify “No Masse”, 
Noteholders will not be grouped in a Masse having legal personality governed by the

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
33 
provisions of the French Code de commerce and will not be represented by a 
representative of the Masse), including the modification of such Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes.  
Those provisions permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority and Noteholders who did 
not respond to, or rejected the relevant Written Resolution.  
Further, in the event where a decision to modify the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes would be adopted by a defined majority of Noteholders and such modifications 
would impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, this may have a negative impact 
on the market value of the Notes. However, this remains unlikely that a defined 
majority of Noteholders adopt a decision that would have a negative impact on the 
market value of the Notes. 
3.2 
Risks related to early redemption of the Notes 
3.2.1 Any early redemption of Notes could cause the yield anticipated by 
Noteholders to be considerably less than anticipated 
In accordance with Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) and 
Condition 6(f) (Clean-up Redemption Option) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes, the Issuer may, 
at its option, redeem the outstanding Notes, in whole or (in the case of a redemption 
at the option of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and of 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes only), in part, subject (i) in the 
case of Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional conditions to 
redemption, purchase and cancellation of Senior Notes prior to Maturity Date) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and of the Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes, and (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the provisions 
of Condition 6(k) (Additional conditions to redemption, purchase and cancellation of 
Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, at 
their Optional Redemption Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest (if any) 
thereon.  
In addition, in accordance with Condition 6(b) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 
Condition 6(c) (Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event) and Condition 6(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a 
Capital Event with respect to Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes and of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, 
upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event, a Gross-Up Event, (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes only) a Tax Deductibility Event, (in the case of Subordinated 
Notes only) a Capital Event and/or, unless specified otherwise in the relevant Final 
Terms, a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event, subject (i) in the case of Senior Notes, 
to the provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional conditions to redemption, purchase and 
cancellation of Senior Notes prior to Maturity Date) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes and of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, 
and (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(k)

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
34 
(Additional conditions to redemption, purchase and cancellation of Subordinated 
Notes prior to Maturity Date) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, the Issuer may, at its 
option, redeem all, but not some only of, the outstanding Notes at any time at their 
Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest (if any) thereon. 
An early redemption feature may adversely impact the market value of the Notes. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value 
of the Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be 
redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period if there is, or the 
market believes that there is, an increased likelihood of the Notes becoming eligible 
for redemption in the near term. In addition, such right of termination is often provided 
for bonds or notes in periods of high interest rates. If the market interest rates 
decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its right of termination 
increases.  
As a consequence, if the Issuer redeems the Notes in any of the circumstances 
mentioned above, there is a heightened risk that the Notes may be redeemed at 
times when the redemption proceeds are less than the current market value of the 
Notes or when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances, 
the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redeemed 
face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid 
by the Noteholder. As a consequence, a potentially significant part of the capital 
invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case would 
not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors that choose 
to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so 
only in securities with a potentially significantly lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
This could have a material adverse effect on the Noteholders who could lose part of 
their investment in the Notes. 
3.2.2 The qualification of the Notes as MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments is subject 
to uncertainty 
As contemplated by Condition 3 (Status of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, 
(i) the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes are intended, for 
regulatory purposes, to be MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments under the Applicable 
MREL/TLAC Regulations and (ii) if and to the extent permitted by the Applicable 
MREL/TLAC Regulations, the Issuer may also treat the Senior Preferred Notes, for 
regulatory purposes, as MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments under the Applicable 
MREL/TLAC Regulations.  
The CRR Regulation Revision and the BRRD Revision give effect to the FSB TLAC 
Term Sheet and modify the requirements for MREL eligibility to implement the TLAC 
concept set forth in the FSB TLAC Term Sheet. While the Issuer believes that the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes are consistent with the CRR II Regulation and 
the BRRD II, the CRR Regulation Revision and the BRRD Revision have not yet 
been fully interpreted. It is therefore not yet possible to fully assess the impact of the 
implementation of the TLAC requirements or the changes to the requirements for 
MREL eligibility in the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations.

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
35 
Because of the uncertainty surrounding the implementation and interpretation of the 
regulations implementing the TLAC requirements and the interpretation and final 
implementation of the changes to the regulations giving effect to MREL, the Issuer 
cannot provide any assurance that any Notes that are intended to be MREL/TLAC-
Eligible Instruments will ultimately be MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments. If such Notes 
are initially MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments and subsequently become ineligible 
due to a change in Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations), then a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event will occur under the conditions provided in the Terms and 
Conditions of such Notes giving the Issuer, in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, the option to early redeem the Notes, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Noteholders who could lose part of their investment in 
the Notes. Please refer to the risk factor “Any early redemption of Notes could cause 
the yield anticipated by Noteholders to be considerably less than anticipated” above. 
3.2.3 The Issuer is not required to redeem the Notes if it is prohibited by French law 
from paying additional amounts 
There is uncertainty as to whether gross-up obligations in general, including those 
under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, are enforceable under French law. If 
any payment obligations under the Notes, including the obligations to pay additional 
amounts under Condition 9 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes and Condition 8 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes, are held illegal or unenforceable under French law, the Issuer will have 
the right, but not the obligation, to redeem the Notes.  
Accordingly, if the Issuer does not redeem the Notes upon the occurrence of a Gross-
Up Event, holders of such Notes may receive less than the full amount due, and the 
market value of such Notes will be adversely affected. 
3.2.4 The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes may be undated 
securities with no specified maturity date 
In accordance with Condition 6(a)(ii) (Final Redemption) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes may be undated 
securities with no fixed redemption or maturity date. The Issuer is under no obligation 
to redeem the Undated Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Undated Subordinated 
Notes at any time.  
As a consequence, the Noteholders will have no right to require the redemption of 
the Undated Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Undated Subordinated Notes (as 
applicable), except if a judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason. 
3.3 
Risks related to interest rate applicable to the Notes 
3.3.1 Changes in interest rates may adversely affect the market value, the yield 
and/or the liquidity of Fixed Rate Notes 
In accordance with Condition 5(a)(i) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and of the Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes, the Issuer may issue Notes bearing a fixed rate of interest.

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
36 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that changes in market interest rates 
after the issuance of such Notes may have a significant adverse effect on the market 
value, the yield and/or the liquidity of Fixed Rate Notes and, as a consequence, 
holders of Fixed Rate Notes may lose part of their investment in Fixed Rate Notes. 
3.3.2 Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their investment’s return on 
Floating Rate Notes 
In accordance with Condition 5(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and of the Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes, the Issuer may issue Notes bearing a floating rate of interest. A key 
difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income 
on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated due to the periodic adjustment 
(specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate which will itself vary 
depending on general market conditions.  
Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of 
Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on 
investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest 
periods. If the relevant Final Terms provide for frequent interest payment dates for a 
particular Series of Floating Rate Notes, investors are exposed to reinvestment risks 
if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income 
paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing.  
Market volatility in interest rates, which is difficult to anticipate, may therefore have a 
significant adverse effect on the yield, the market value and/or the liquidity of Floating 
Rate Notes and Noteholders could receive a lower or no interest on such Notes. 
Please also refer to the risk factor “CMS Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Notes” 
below. 
3.3.3 Changes in the method by which LIBOR, EURIBOR or other Benchmarks are 
determined, or the discontinuation of any benchmark, may adversely affect the 
rate of interest on or value of Benchmark Notes 
In accordance with Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and of the Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes, the rate of interest on the Notes (including Floating Rates Notes, Fixed 
/ Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Resettable Notes) may be calculated on the 
basis of the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), the Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (“EURIBOR”), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”), the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the Euro Short-Term Rate (“€STR”), the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight (“SARON”), the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate (“TONA”) 
or any other reference rate specified in the relevant Final Terms (any such reference 
rate, a “Benchmark”), or by reference to a swap rate that is itself based on a 
Benchmark (collectively, the “Benchmark Notes”). Accordingly, changes in the 
method by which any Benchmark is calculated or the discontinuation of any 
Benchmark may impact the rate of interest applicable to Benchmark Notes bearing 
interest on the basis of such Benchmark, and thus their value. Please also refer to 
the risk factor “SOFR is a relatively new market index that may be used as a 
reference rate for Floating Rate Notes and, as the related market continues to 
develop, there may be an adverse effect on the return on or value of the Notes” and 
the risk factor “The market continues to develop in relation to other risk free rates

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
37 
(including overnight rates such as SONIA, €STR or SARON) as reference rates for 
Benchmark Notes”. 
LIBOR, EURIBOR and certain other Benchmarks are subject to ongoing national 
and international regulatory reforms. Some of these reforms are already effective 
while others are still to be implemented. Following the implementation of any such 
reforms, the manner of the administration or determination of such Benchmarks may 
change with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or their 
calculation method may be revised, or they could be eliminated entirely. More 
broadly, any international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of Benchmarks, could increase the cost and risks of administering or 
otherwise participating in the setting of such Benchmarks and complying with any 
such regulations or requirements. Any of these changes could have a negative 
impact on the value of and return on Benchmark Notes. 
In the European Union, Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds, as amended (the “Benchmark Regulation”) and, 
in the United Kingdom, the Benchmark Regulation as it has effect in UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmark Regulation”), each provides, 
among other things, that administrators of benchmarks in the European Union (such 
as the European Money Market Institute which currently administers EURIBOR) and 
in the United Kingdom (such as ICE Benchmark Administration Limited which 
currently administers LIBOR), respectively must be authorised by or registered with 
the relevant regulators and that they must comply with a code of conduct designed 
primarily to ensure reliability of input data, governing issues such as conflicts of 
interest, internal controls and benchmark methodologies. The Benchmark 
Regulation and the UK Benchmark Regulation could have a negative impact on the 
value of and return on Benchmark Notes, in particular, if the terms of any applicable 
Benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmark 
Regulation or the UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable. 
UK national requirements may have a particularly significant impact on the 
calculation of LIBOR or whether LIBOR continues to exist as a Benchmark. On 27 
July 2017, the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) announced that it will no 
longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR 
after 2021. On 5 March 2021, the FCA announced that a large number of LIBOR 
indices (including one-week and two-month US dollar LIBOR) will be discontinued 
after 31 December  2021, and that overnight and 12-month US dollar LIBOR will be 
discontinued after 30 June 2023. The FCA also announced that it would study the 
possibility of requiring the publication of one-month, three-month and six-month 
LIBOR after 30 June 2023, based on a “synthetic” methodology (meaning by 
reference to an authorised rate plus or minus a spread), solely for use in certain 
existing contracts that have no appropriate alternatives (which are unlikely to include 
the Benchmark Notes). The Issuer cannot assure that any “synthetic” LIBOR will be 
equivalent to LIBOR based on its current methodology or that it will be representative 
or measure market and economic factors in the ways contemplated by the 
Benchmark Regulation or the UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable. However, 
proposed legislative changes to the UK Benchmark Regulation will provide the FCA 
with additional options to manage the wind-down of LIBOR (or other Benchmarks) 
during a pre-cessation period, where the relevant Benchmark will no longer be

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
38 
representative. The proposed legislative amendments will grant the FCA powers to 
enable continued publication of a LIBOR number using an alternative methodology 
and different inputs to reduce disruption arising from the discontinuation of LIBOR 
for contracts that have no or inappropriate alternatives to LIBOR and no realistic 
ability to be renegotiated or amended. 
It is not possible to predict the effect of any reforms to LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other 
Benchmark. Changes in the methods pursuant to which LIBOR, EURIBOR or any 
other Benchmark is determined, or the announcement that a Benchmark will be 
replaced with a successor or alternative rate, could result in a sudden or prolonged 
increase or decrease in the reported values of such Benchmark, increased volatility 
or other effects.  If this were to occur, the rate of interest on and the trading value of 
the Benchmark Notes could be adversely affected. 
3.3.4 If LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other Benchmark is discontinued, the rate of interest 
on the affected Benchmark Notes will be changed in ways which may be 
adverse to holders of such Notes, without any requirement that the consent of 
such holders be obtained 
Pursuant to Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
(in particular, (i) with respect to the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes, 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)1.(z) where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as applicable (including where SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA 
is applicable) and Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)2.(y) where Screen Rate Determination and 
SOFR are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and (ii) with respect to 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)1.(z) where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable 
(including where SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA is applicable) and Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)2.(y) where Screen Rate Determination and SOFR are specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms), if any benchmark event (as provided under 
each of the above-mentionned provisions) occurs or if the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent determines at any time that the relevant Benchmark that constitutes the 
reference rate for such Notes has been discontinued, the Issuer will appoint a rate 
determination agent who will determine a replacement rate, acting in good faith, in a 
commercially reasonable manner and as an independent expert, as well as any 
necessary changes to the business day convention, the definition of business day, 
the interest determination date, the day count fraction and any method for calculating 
the replacement rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such 
replacement rate comparable to the relevant reference rate. Such replacement rate 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding, and no consent of the 
Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any replacement rate, any 
other related adjustments and/or amendments to the terms and conditions of the 
Benchmark Notes (or any other document) which are made in order to effect such 
replacement rate. 
The rate determination agent appointed by the Issuer may be an affiliate of the Issuer 
or one of the Dealers or, in the case of English Law Notes, the Issuer. Any exercise 
of discretion by the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer, as rate determination agent, 
could present a conflict of interest. In making the required determinations, decisions 
and elections, the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer may have economic interests

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
39 
that are adverse to the interest of the holders of the affected Benchmark Notes, and 
those determinations, decisions or elections could have a material adverse effect on 
the return on, value of and market for the Benchmark Notes. 
The replacement rate may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly its 
general evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements 
may be difficult to determine or measure. In addition, given the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of a replacement rate and the involvement of an agent, 
the fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time and the 
replacement rate may perform differently from the discontinued Benchmark. This 
could in turn impact the rate of interest on and trading value of the affected 
Benchmark Notes. 
If the rate determination agent is unable to determine an appropriate replacement 
rate for any Benchmark or if the Issuer is unable to appoint a rate determination 
agent, then the rate of interest on the affected Benchmark Notes will not be changed. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Benchmark Notes provide that, if it is not possible 
to determine a value for a given Benchmark, the relevant interest rate on such Notes 
will be the last available setting of such Benchmark plus the applicable Margin, 
effectively converting such Notes into fixed rate obligations. They may also provide 
for other fallbacks, such as consulting reference banks for rate quotations, which may 
prove to be unworkable if the reference banks decline to provide such quotations for 
a sustained period of time (or at all). 
Even if the rate determination agent is able to determine an appropriate replacement 
rate for any Benchmark, if the replacement of the Benchmark with the replacement 
rate would result in a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event, (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes only) a Capital Event, or in the relevant resolution authority 
treating any future interest payment as the effective maturity of the Notes, the rate of 
interest will not be changed, but will instead be fixed on the basis of the last available 
quotation of the Benchmark. This could occur if, for example, the switch to the 
replacement rate would create an incentive to redeem the relevant Notes that would 
be inconsistent with the relevant requirements necessary to maintain the regulatory 
status of the Notes. While this mechanism will ensure that the Notes will not become 
subject to a potential regulatory event-based redemption, it will result in the Notes 
being effectively converted to fixed rate instruments. Investors holding such Notes 
might incur costs from unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest rate 
environment, holders of such Notes will not benefit from any increase in rates. The 
trading value of the Notes could as a consequence be adversely affected. 
It is possible that, if a Benchmark is discontinued, it will take some time before a clear 
successor rate is established in the market. Accordingly, the Terms and Conditions 
of the Fixed Rate Resettable Notes, Fixed/Floating Rate Notes and Floating Rate 
Notes provide as an ultimate fallback that, following the designation of a replacement 
rate, if the rate determination agent appointed by the Issuer considers that such 
replacement rate is no longer substantially comparable to the Benchmark or does 
not constitute an industry accepted successor rate, the Issuer will re-appoint a rate 
determination agent (which may or may not be the same entity as the original rate 
determination agent) for the purposes of confirming the replacement rate or 
determining a substitute replacement rate (despite the continued existence of the 
initial replacement rate). Any such substitute replacement rate, once designated

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
40 
pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, will apply to the affected Benchmark Notes 
without the consent of their holders. This could impact the rate of interest on and 
trading value of the affected Benchmark Notes. In addition, any holders of such 
Benchmark Notes that enter into hedging instruments based on the original 
replacement rate may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur costs 
replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the new replacement rate. In the event 
the initial replacement rate is confirmed, such replacement rate may prove to be no 
longer comparable to the initial Benchmark and may differ from other potential 
industry accepted successor rates, which could negatively impact the trading value 
of the affected Benchmark Notes. 
3.3.5 SOFR is a relatively new market index that may be used as a reference rate for 
Benchmark Notes and, as the related market continues to develop, there may 
be an adverse effect on the return on or value of the SOFR-based Notes 
The rate of interest on the Notes may be calculated on the basis of SOFR as set forth 
in Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)2. (Provisions specific to SOFR as Reference Rate) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)2. 
(Provisions specific to SOFR as Reference Rate) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes. Because SOFR is an overnight funding rate, interest on SOFR-
based Notes with interest periods longer than overnight will be calculated on the 
basis of either the arithmetic mean of SOFR over the relevant interest period, or 
compounding during the relevant interest period, except during a specified period 
near the end of each interest payment date during which SOFR will be fixed. As a 
consequence of this calculation methods, the amount of interest payable on each 
interest payment date will only be known a short period of time prior to the relevant 
interest payment date. Investors therefore will not know in advance the interest 
amount which will be payable on such Notes.   
SOFR is a new rate. The NY Federal Reserve began to publish SOFR in April 2018. 
Although the NY Federal Reserve has published historical indicative SOFR 
information going back to 2014, such prepublication historical data inherently 
involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Investors should not rely on 
any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of the future performance 
of SOFR. Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on 
occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in other benchmark or market rates. 
As a result, the return on and value of SOFR-linked Notes may fluctuate more than 
floating rate debt securities that are linked to less volatile rates. 
Because SOFR is a relatively new market index, SOFR-linked Notes will likely have 
no established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may 
never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities indexed to 
SOFR may evolve over time, and trading prices of SOFR-linked Notes may be lower 
than those of later-issued SOFR-linked debt securities as a result. Similarly, if SOFR 
does not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of 
SOFR-linked Notes may be lower than those of notes linked to rates that are more 
widely used. Investors may not be able to sell SOFR-linked Notes at all or may not 
be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer 
from increased pricing volatility and market risk.

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
41 
The NY Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR 
is subject to important limitations, including that the NY Federal Reserve may alter 
the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability 
of SOFR at any time without notice. There can be no guarantee that SOFR will not 
be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to 
the interests of investors in the Notes. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is 
changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that change or discontinuance may result in a 
reduction or elimination of the amount of interest payable on SOFR-linked Notes and 
a reduction in the trading prices of such Notes. 
3.3.6 The market continues to develop in relation to other risk free rates (including 
overnight rates such as SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA) as reference rates for 
Benchmark Notes 
The rate of interest on the Notes may also be calculated on the basis of other risk 
free rates such as SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA as set forth in Condition 
5(b)(iii)(B) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) (Screen Rate 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes. Similarly to SOFR-linked Notes, because SONIA, €STR, SARON and 
TONA are overnight funding rates, interest on SONIA-, €STR-, SARON-based and 
TONA- Notes with interest periods longer than overnight will be calculated on the 
basis of SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA as applicable, compounded during the 
relevant interest period except during a specified period near the end of each interest 
payment date during which such risk free rate will be fixed. As a consequence of this 
calculation method, the amount of interest payable on each interest payment date 
will only be known a short period of time prior to the relevant interest payment date. 
Investors therefore will not know in advance the interest amount which will be payable 
on such Benchmark Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as SONIA, €STR, 
SARON or TONA as a reference rate in the capital markets and their adoption as 
alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. In particular, market participants 
and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on 
SONIA or €STR, including term SONIA and term €STR reference rates which seek 
to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average rate over a designated 
term. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA, €STR, 
SARON or TONA that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and 
Conditions as applicable to Benchmark Notes referencing such reference rates. The 
nascent development of compounded daily SONIA, compounded daily €STR as well 
as compounded daily SARON or TONA as an interest reference rate, as well as 
continued development of SONIA- , €STR-, SARON- and TONA-based rates, could 
result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market 
price of any SONIA-, €STR-, SARON- or TONA-referenced Notes issued under the 
programme from time to time. 
3.3.7 Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Fixed 
Rate Resettable Notes

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
42 
In accordance with Condition 5(a)(ii) (Interest on Fixed Rate Resettable Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and of the Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes, the Issuer may issue Notes bearing initially a fixed rate of 
interest which will be reset during the life of the Fixed Rate Resettable Notes by 
reference to the then prevailing Reset Reference Rate, as adjusted for any applicable 
margin, on the reset dates specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Following any such reset, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest on the relevant Fixed Rate Resettable Notes may be lower than the 
Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest and/or any previous 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest. As a consequence, the reset of the rate of 
interest of Fixed Rate Resettable Notes may adversely affect the secondary market 
for and the market value of such Notes. 
Holders of Fixed Rate Resettable Notes are therefore exposed to the risk of 
fluctuating interest rate levels and due to such fluctuations, are not able to determine 
a definite yield of Fixed Rate Resettable Notes at the time they purchase them. 
Market volatility in interest rates, which is difficult to anticipate, may therefore have a 
significant adverse effect on the yield of Fixed Rate Resettable Notes and investors 
in Fixed Rate Resettable Notes who sell, transfer or dispose of their Notes on the 
secondary market could lose part of their investment. 
3.3.8 The conversion feature of the Fixed / Floating Notes may affect the secondary 
market and the market value of the Fixed / Floating Notes 
In accordance with Condition 5(c) (Interest on Fixed / Floating Rate Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and of the Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes, the Issuer may issue Notes bearing interest at a rate that will 
automatically convert from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate 
to a Fixed Rate, on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
If a Fixed Rate is converted to a Floating Rate, the spread on the Fixed / Floating 
Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating 
Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new Floating Rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Please also refer to the risk factor 
“Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their investment’s return on Floating 
Rate Notes” above. 
If a Floating Rate is converted to a Fixed Rate, the new Fixed Rate may be lower 
than then prevailing rates on other Notes, which may affect the market yield of the 
Fixed / Floating Notes. 
As a consequence, such conversion feature may affect the secondary market and 
the market value, the yield and/or the liquidity of such Fixed / Floating Notes and may 
lead to losses for the Noteholders. 
3.3.9 CMS Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Notes 
In accordance with Condition 5(f) (Interest on CMS Linked Notes) and Condition 5(g) 
(Inflation Linked Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and of 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, the Issuer may issue CMS Linked 
Notes and Inflation Linked Notes with an interest determined by reference to an Index

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
43 
or a CMS Rate as adjusted by certain other factors, such as a Gearing Factor or a 
Cap as specified in the relevant Final Terms (each, a “Relevant Factor”). 
CMS Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Notes differ from ordinary debt securities and 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile. The amounts due in respect of 
interest will be dependent upon the performance of the underlying CMS Rate or 
Inflation Indices, which itself may contain substantial credit, interest rate or other 
risks. The historical performance of a Relevant Factor are not an indication of the 
future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any CMS Linked Notes 
and/or Inflation Linked Notes and a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant 
fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other 
indices. In addition, if a Relevant Factor is applied in conjunction with a multiplier 
greater than one or contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the 
Relevant Factor on principal and/or interest payable will likely be magnified. Finally, 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, 
even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier 
the change in the Relevant Factor, the greater the effect on yield. Accordingly, 
holders of CMS Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Notes are exposed to the risk that 
changes in the levels of the CMS Rate and/or Inflation Indices may adversely affect 
the market value, the yield and/or the liquidity of such Notes and as a result, investors 
could lose part of their investment. Further, CMS Linked Notes and Inflation Linked 
Notes may contain broad calculation agent discretions to interpret, change or redeem 
the CMS Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Notes differ, where such discretions are 
not required to be exercised in the interests of Noteholders.  
(i) 
Inflation Linked Notes 
In accordance with Condition 5(g) (Inflation Linked Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and of the Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, the Issuer may issue Notes with interest determined by 
reference to the rate of inflation in a country or in the European Monetary 
Union, where interest are dependent upon the performance of an inflation 
index, which, will be, one of (i) the HICP or (ii) the CPI (the CPI together with 
the HICP being defined herein as the “Inflation Indices”).  
Subject to Condition 5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, 
Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts and Rounding), when a 
Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, if the level 
of the Inflation Indices decline over a determination period such that the ratio 
of the level of the Inflation Indices on the determination dates at the beginning 
and end of such determination period is less than 1.00, no interest will be 
payable for such determination period. 
The future performance of the Inflation Indices during the term of any Inflation 
Linked Notes may differ from their historical performance and may have a 
negative impact on the trading or market value of such Inflation Linked Notes.  
 (ii) 
CMS Linked Notes 
In accordance with Condition 5(f) (Interest on CMS Linked Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes and of the Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes, the Issuer may issue Notes with interest determined 
by reference to a relevant CMS Rate.

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
44 
Such Notes entail significant risks not associated with similar investments in a 
conventional debt security or a direct investment in the relevant CMS Rate, 
including the risk that the resulting rate of return will be less than that on a 
conventional debt security or the relevant CMS Rate (or the Replacement 
CMS Rate).  
The future performance of such relevant CMS Rate during the term of any 
CMS Linked Notes may differ from its historical value and may have a negative 
impact on the trading or market value of such CMS Linked Notes. 
3.3.10 Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium are subject to higher price 
fluctuations than conventional interest-bearing securities 
The Notes may be issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal 
amount. The market values of the Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
from their nominal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in 
interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities.  
If market interest rates increase, such Notes can suffer higher price losses than other 
interest-bearing securities having the same maturity and credit rating. 
Market volatility in interest rates, which is difficult to anticipate, may therefore have a 
negative effect on the market value and/or the liquidity of such Notes. Therefore, 
holders of such Notes could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than 
holders of conventional interest-bearing securities. 
3.3.11 Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-
discounted notes 
In accordance with Condition 5(d) (Interest on Zero Coupon Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and of the Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes, the Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes at a discounted issue price with 
no interest rate. Changes in market interest rates have a greater impact on the prices 
of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of comparable ordinary interest-bearing 
securities.  
If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses 
than other interest-bearing Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Market 
volatility in interest rates, which is difficult to anticipate, may therefore have a negative 
effect on the market value and/or the liquidity of the Zero Coupon Notes. Due to their 
leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a high 
price risk for the Noteholders. 
3.4 
Risks related to English Law Notes 
3.4.1 The Notes governed by English Law may be subject to substitution and/or 
variation without Noteholder consent 
With respect to English Law Notes, subject as provided herein and in particular to 
the provisions of Condition 7 (Substitution and Variation) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes, and with respect to English Law Senior Preferred Notes if 
“Substitution and Variation” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, if 
a Withholding Tax Event or a Gross-Up Event or (with respect to English Law 
Subordinated Notes only) a Tax Deductibility Event or a MREL/TLAC Disqualification

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors 
45 
Event or (with respect to English Law Subordinated Notes only) a Capital Event 
occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, subject to the prior consent of the Relevant 
Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority (if required), and without the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders which may otherwise be required under the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes, elect either (i) to substitute all (but 
not some only) of the English Law Notes or (ii) to modify the terms of all (but not 
some only) of such English Law Notes, in each case so that they become or remain 
Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as applicable.  
While Qualifying Senior Notes and Qualifying Subordinated Notes generally must 
contain terms that are materially no less favourable to Noteholders as the original 
terms of the related English Law Notes, the terms of any Qualifying Senior Notes or 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes may not be viewed by the market as equally 
favourable, and, if it were entitled to do so, a particular Noteholder may not make the 
same determination as the Issuer as to whether the terms of the relevant Qualifying 
Senior Notes or Qualifying Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) are not 
materially less favourable to Noteholders than the original terms of the related 
English Law Notes or that the Qualifying Senior Notes or the Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes will trade at prices that are equal to the prices at which the related English Law 
Notes would have traded on the basis of their original terms. 
In addition, without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Substitution and 
Variation) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes, the Issuer is entitled 
to modify the terms and conditions of the English Law Notes without the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders, in the conditions and under the circumstances provided 
in Condition 12(a) (Meetings of Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes. 
As a consequence, the market value and/or the liquidity of such Notes may decrease 
significantly, and Noteholders could lose part of their investment in the Notes.  
Further, prior to the making of any such modification or taking any action, or prior to 
any substitution, variation, modification or amendment in a manner contemplated in 
Condition 7 (Substitution and Variation) or Condition 12(a) (Meetings of Noteholders) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes, the Issuer shall not be obliged 
to consider the tax position of individual holders of the English Law Notes or the tax 
consequences of any such substitution, variation, modification, amendment or other 
action for individual holders of English Law Notes, and no holder of English Law 
Notes shall be entitled to claim, whether from the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, or any 
other person, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of 
any such substitution, variation, modification, amendment or other action upon 
individual holders of English Law Notes. As a consequence, Noteholders may receive 
less than the full amount that would otherwise have been due, and the market value 
and/or the liquidity of such Notes may be materially adversely affected and 
Noteholders could lose part of their investment in the Notes in this respect.   
3.4.2 English law Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: Definitive 
Bearer Notes 
In accordance with Condition 1(a) (Form and Denomination(s)) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes, the Issuer may issue Notes in bearer form. In 
relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which have a denomination consisting of the

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors 
46 
minimum Specified Denomination plus higher integral multiple(s) of another smaller 
amount, it is possible that such Bearer Notes may be traded in amounts that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case, a holder 
who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a Definitive Bearer Note in respect 
of such holding (should Definitive Bearer Notes be printed) and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Bearer Notes such that it holds an amount equal to 
one or more Specified Denominations in order to receive Definitive Bearer Notes. 
If Definitive Bearer Notes are issued, such Definitive Bearer Notes which have a 
denomination that is not integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination 
may be illiquid and difficult to trade. In such circumstances, the market value of the 
Definitive Bearer Notes may be negatively affected and Noteholders may lose all or 
part of their investment. 
3.5 
Risks related to Green Notes and Social Notes 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Series of Notes may provide that such Notes will 
constitute Green Notes or Social Notes. In such case, it will be the Issuer’s intention to 
apply an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of such Notes to finance and/or 
re-finance, in whole or in part, new or existing (i) Eligible Green Assets, which are 
generally new or existing loans relating to certain categories of environmental or 
sustainable projects or (ii) Eligible Social Assets, which are generally new or existing 
loans relating to certain projects seeking to achieve positive social impacts. Please refer 
to the section entitled “Use of Proceeds” for more information on the use of net proceeds 
from the issue of Green Notes or Social Notes. 
There is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market 
consensus as to what constitutes or may be classified as, a “sustainable,” “green”, 
“social” or “equivalently-labelled project” or a loan that may finance such a project, nor 
can any assurance be given that a clear definition or consensus with respect to such 
projects or loans will develop in the future.  
The European Union adopted on 18 June 2020 Regulation (EU) No 2020/852 
(the “Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy”), establishing the criteria for determining 
whether an economic activity qualifies as environmentally sustainable for the purposes 
of establishing the degree to which an investment is environmentally sustainable. A draft 
delegated act containing the screening technical standards has been published on 20 
November 2020. Further development of the EU taxonomy will take place via the new 
Platform on Sustainable Finance, which assists the European Commission in developing 
its sustainable finance policies. On 12 June 2020, the European Commission launched 
a public consultation on the creation of an EU Green Bond Standard. In light of the 
continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, 
sustainable and positive social impact markets, there is a risk that the use of proceeds 
of any Green Notes or Social Notes will not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any future 
legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or

--- Page 47 ---
Risk Factors 
47 
its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal or equivalent to the net 
proceeds of any Green Notes or Social Notes in, or substantially in, the manner 
described under the section entitled “Use of Proceeds”, the application of such amount 
to the relevant Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets, as the case may be, may 
not be capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in 
accordance with any timeframe, or such proceeds may not be totally or partially 
disbursed as planned. Green Notes or Social Notes or the activities or projects they 
finance (or refinance) may not have the results or outcome (whether or not related to 
environmental, sustainability, social or other objectives) originally expected or 
anticipated by the Issuer. In addition, the Issuer may change its Green Notes Framework 
and/or its Social Notes Framework and/or the selection criteria it uses to select Eligible 
Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets at any time. In particular, these frameworks and 
definitions may (or may not) be modified to adapt to any update that may be made to the 
ICMA’s Green Bond Principles (on which the Green Bond Framework of the Issuer is 
based) and/or the ICMA’s Social Bonds Principles (on which the Social Bond Framework 
is based) and/or any other EU Framework standard. Such changes may have a negative 
impact on the market value and the liquidity of any Green Notes or Social Notes issued 
prior to their implementation. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute 
an Event of Default with respect to the Green Notes or Social Notes nor lead to an 
obligation of the Issuer to redeem the Green Notes or Social Notes in any manner 
whatsoever. Similarly, while the Issuer intends to provide regular information on the use 
of proceeds of its Green Notes and Social Notes and to publish related audit reports, it 
is under no obligation to do so, and its failure to do so will not constitute an Event of 
Default in respect of any Green Notes or Social Notes nor lead to an obligation of the 
Issuer to redeem the Green Notes or Social Notes in any manner whatsoever. 
Any failure to apply an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of any issue of 
Green Notes or Social Notes as intended, any withdrawal of any applicable opinion or 
certification, any opinion or certification to the effect that the Issuer is not complying in 
whole or in part with criteria or requirements covered by such opinion or certification or 
any change to the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework and/or the Issuer’s Social Bond 
Framework and/or respective selection criteria may have an adverse effect on the market 
value of Green Notes or Social Notes, as the case may be, and may result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets or 
social assets. As a consequence, the market value and trading on such Notes may 
decrease and Noteholders may lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
Furthermore, among all of the risks applicable to the Issuer’s other Notes, the Issuer’s 
Green Notes and Social Notes may be subject to mandatory write-down or conversion 
to equity in the event a resolution procedure is initiated in respect of the Crédit Agricole 
Group (including the Issuer) and, with respect to Green Notes and Social Notes 
qualifying as Tier 2 Capital, even before the commencement of such procedure if certain 
conditions are met, in which cases Green Notes and Social Notes do not provide their 
holders with any priority compared to other Notes. See the risk factors entitled “The Notes 
may be subject to mandatory write-down or conversion to equity under European and 
French laws relating to bank recovery and resolution” and “If the Guarantee Fund proves 
insufficient to restore liquidity and solvency of any network member or affiliate that may 
encounter future financial difficulty, the Issuer may be required to contribute additional

--- Page 48 ---
Risk Factors 
48 
funds and, in an extreme case, the Noteholders may suffer material adverse financial 
consequences” above. 
3.6 
Risks relating to Notes denominated in Renminbi 
In accordance with Condition 5(e) (Interest on RMB Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, the 
Issuer may issue Notes denominated in Renminbi (“RMB”). RMB Notes contain 
particular risks for potential investors. 
RMB is not freely convertible at present. The People’s Republic of China (PRC) 
government continues to regulate conversion between RMB and foreign currencies. The 
PRC government may not continue to gradually liberalise its control over cross-border 
RMB remittances in the future, that the schemes for RMB cross-border utilisation may 
be discontinued or new PRC regulations may be promulgated in the future which have 
the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of RMB outside the PRC. In the 
event that funds cannot be repatriated out of the PRC in RMB, this may affect the overall 
availability of RMB outside of the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source RMB to 
finance its obligations under the RMB Notes.  
Furthermore, as a result of the restrictions by the PRC government on cross-border RMB 
funds flows, there is only limited availability of RMB outside of the PRC, which may affect 
the liquidity of the RMB Notes and the Issuer’s ability to source RMB outside of the PRC 
to service the RMB Notes. There is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be 
promulgated or the settlement agreements relating to the clearing of RMB business 
between the People’s Bank of China (PBOC) and its designated RMB clearing banks in 
the RMB clearing centres will not be terminated or amended in the future, which may 
have the effect of restricting the availability of RMB outside the PRC.  
Except in limited circumstances, all payments of RMB under RMB Notes to an investor 
will be made solely by transfer to a RMB bank account maintained in Hong Kong by such 
investor in accordance with the prevailing rules and regulations and in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. RMB is not freely convertible at present, and 
conversion of RMB into other currencies through banks in Hong Kong may be subject to 
certain restrictions. For example, investors may be required to provide certifications and 
other information (including RMB account information) in order to be allowed to receive 
payments in RMB in accordance with the RMB clearing and settlement system for 
participating banks in Hong Kong. 
In addition, access to RMB for the purposes of making payments under the Notes or 
generally may remain or may become restricted. If access to RMB deliverable in Hong 
Kong becomes restricted to the extent that the Issuer is unable to pay interest or principal 
in RMB in Hong Kong by reason of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity, the 
terms of the RMB Notes allow the Issuer to make payment in U.S. dollars at the prevailing 
spot rate of exchange. If the value of RMB depreciates against the U.S. dollar, the value 
of the investment in U.S. dollars will decline. 
Furthermore, the market value of RMB against the Hong Kong dollar and other foreign 
currencies fluctuates and is affected by changes in the PRC and international political 
and economic conditions and by many other factors. All payments of interest and 
principal will be made in RMB with respect to RMB Notes unless otherwise specified. As 
a result, the value of these RMB payments may fluctuate as a result of the changes in

--- Page 49 ---
Risk Factors 
49 
the prevailing exchange rates in the market. If the market value of RMB depreciates 
against the Hong Kong dollar or other foreign currencies, the market value of an 
investor's investment in RMB Notes in foreign currency terms will decline, and investors 
may incur losses.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
CONDITIONS ATTACHED TO THE CONSENT OF THE ISSUER 
TO USE THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus. 
1. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5.1 of the Prospectus Regulation (retail 
cascade) 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) may be offered in France (the “Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction") in circumstances 
where there is no exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 1.4 of 
the Prospectus Regulation (a “Non-Exempt Offer”). This Base Prospectus has been prepared 
on a basis that permits Non-Exempt Offers, provided the following provisions are complied 
with and, as applicable, the following conditions are satisfied. 
In the context of a Non-Exempt Offer, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in the Non-Exempt 
Offer Jurisdiction, for the content of this Base Prospectus, as supplemented from time to time, 
and the relevant Final Terms (together, the “Prospectus”) in relation to an investor to whom 
an offer of any Notes is made by any financial intermediary to whom the Issuer has given its 
consent to the use of the Prospectus (an “Authorised Offeror”), where the offer is made (i) 
during the period for which that consent is given (the “Offer Period”), (ii) in the Non-Exempt 
Offer Jurisdiction for which that consent is given and (iii) in compliance with any other 
conditions as detailed in paragraphs 2 and 3 below, as may be supplemented in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
However, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has any responsibility for any of the actions of any 
Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of 
business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in 
relation to such offer. For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Dealers or the Issuer shall have 
any obligation to ensure that an Authorised Offeror complies with applicable laws and 
regulations and shall therefore have no liability in this respect. 
Other than as set out above, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has authorised the 
making of any Non-Exempt Offer by any person in any circumstances and such person is not 
permitted to use the Prospectus in connection with its offer of any Notes. Any such offers are 
not made on behalf of the Issuer or by any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors and none of 
the Issuer or any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for the 
actions of any person making such offers. 
2. 
Type of consent 
Subject to the conditions set out below under “Common conditions to the consent” and if so 
specified in the Final Terms relating to any Tranche of Notes, the Issuer consents to the use 
of the Prospectus by Authorised Offerors in relation to a Non-Exempt Offer in the Non-Exempt 
Offer Jurisdiction and during the Offer Period specified in the Final Terms. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) ending no later than the date 
falling twelve (12) months from the date of the approval of the Base Prospectus by the AMF. 
The consent given by the Issuer may be either a specific consent (a “Specific Consent”) or a 
general consent (a “General Consent”), each as further described below and as specified in 
the Final Terms.

--- Page 51 ---
Conditions attached to the consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus 
51 
Specific Consent 
If Specific Consent is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and subject to the 
conditions set out below under “Common conditions to the consent”, the Issuer shall be 
deemed to consent to the use of the Prospectus in relation to a Non-Exempt Offer by: 
(1)  
any Dealer specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2)  
any financial intermediary specified in the relevant Final Terms; and/or 
(3)  
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the relevant Final Terms 
whose 
name 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(www.credit-
agricole.com/en/finance/finance/debt) and identified as an Authorised Offeror in respect 
of the relevant Non-Eexmpt Offer. 
General Consent 
If General Consent is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and subject to the 
conditions set out below under “Common conditions to the consent”, the Issuer shall be 
deemed to offer to grant its consent to the use of the Prospectus in relation to a Non-Exempt 
Offer by any financial intermediary which: 
(i)  
holds all necessary licenses, consents, approvals and permissions required by any laws, 
rules, regulations and guidance (including from any regulatory body) applicable to the 
Non-Exempt Offer to be authorised to make such offer under the applicable laws of the 
Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction, in particular the law implementing MiFID II; 
(ii)  
accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the 
information in square brackets completed with the relevant information): 
“We, [specify name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [specify title of relevant 
Notes] (the “Notes”) described in the Final Terms dated [specify date] (the “Final 
Terms”) published by Crédit Agricole S.A. [acting through its London Branch] (the 
“Issuer”). In consideration of the Issuer offering to grant its consent to our use of the 
Prospectus (as defined in the Base Prospectus, supplemented by the Final Terms) in 
connection with the offer of the Notes in France during the Offer Period in accordance 
with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified in the Base Prospectus), we accept the 
offer by the Issuer. We confirm that we are authorised under MiFID II to make, and are 
using the Prospectus in connection with, the Non-Exempt Offer accordingly. Terms used 
herein and otherwise not defined shall have the same meaning as given to such terms 
in the Prospectus.” 
References in this Base Prospectus to “Authorised Offeror Terms” shall mean that the 
relevant financial intermediary will, and agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the 
benefit of the Issuer and each of the relevant Dealers that it will, at all times in connection with 
the relevant Non-Exempt Offer: 
(a)  
act in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any 
applicable regulatory bodies (the “Rules”) from time to time including, without limitation 
and in each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any 
investment in the Notes by any person and disclosure to any potential investor; 
(b)  
comply with the restrictions set out under “Subscription and Sale” in this Base Prospectus 
which would apply as if it were a Dealer;

--- Page 52 ---
Conditions attached to the consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus 
52 
(c)  
comply with the target market and distribution channels identified under the “MiFID II 
product governance” legend set out in the applicable Final Terms;  
(d)  
ensure that any fee (and any commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid by 
that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Notes is fully and clearly 
disclosed to investors or potential investors;  
(e)  
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with 
solicitation of interests in, or offers or sales of, the Notes under the Rules;  
(f)  
complie with, and take appropriate steps in relation to, applicable anti-money laundering, 
anti-bribery, prevention of corruption and “know your client” rules, and not permit any 
application for Notes in circumstances where the financial intermediary has any 
suspicions as to the source of the application monies; 
(g)  
retain investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under 
applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records available to the relevant 
Dealer(s) and the Issuer or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over 
the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) in order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Dealer(s) to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and “know your client” rules 
applying to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s); and 
(h)  
not cause, directly or indirectly, the Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) to breach any Rule 
or any requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any 
jurisdiction. 
Any General Authorised Offeror who wishes to use the Prospectus for a Non-Exempt 
Offer in accordance with this General Consent is required, during the time of the 
relevant Offer Period, to publish on its website that it uses the Prospectus for such Non-
Exempt Offer in accordance with this General Consent and the conditions attached 
thereto. 
3. 
Common conditions to the consent 
The consent by the Issuer to the use of the Prospectus (in addition, where applicable, to the 
conditions specified under “General consent” above): 
(a)  
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the Final Terms; 
(b)  
extends to the use of the Prospectus to make Non-Exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes in the Public Offer Jurisdictions, as specified in the Final Terms; and 
(c)  
is subject to any other conditions set out in the Final Terms. 
4. 
Arrangements between investors and Authorised Offerors 
An investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Offeror will do so, 
and offers and sales of the Notes to an investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in 
accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror 
and such investor including as to price allocations and settlement arrangements (the “Terms 
and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer”). The Issuer will not be a party to any such 
arrangements with investors (other than Dealers) in connection with the offer or sale of the 
Notes and, accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms will not contain such 
information.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer shall be provided to investors by 
that Authorised Offeror at the time of the Non-Exempt Offer. Neither the Issuer nor any

--- Page 53 ---
Conditions attached to the consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus 
53 
of the Dealers or other Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for such 
information.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents 
which have been previously published and filed with the AMF as competent authority in France for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation: 
1 
the French and English versions of the press release published by the Issuer on 6 June 2019 
relating to the 2022 Medium Term Plan (the “2022 Medium Term Plan Press Release”)1, 
available on:  
https://www.credit-
agricole.com/en/content/download/175254/4126300/version/6/file/2019%2006%2006_CASA
_PMT_CP_EN.pdf (English version) 
https://www.credit-
agricole.com/content/download/175254/4126289/version/6/file/CP%20PMT%20FR%20d%C
3%A9finitif.pdf (French version) 
2 
the French and English versions of the audited non-consolidated financial statements of Crédit 
Agricole S.A. for fiscal year 2019 and related notes and audit report (the “Non-consolidated 
Financial Statements 2019 for Crédit Agricole S.A.”), which are extracted from the Issuer’s 
2019 Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on 25 March 2020 under no. D.20-
0168 (the “2019 URD”)2, available on:  
https://www.credit-agricole.com/assets/ca-com-front/temp/PDF/casa_urd2019_uk_mel.pdf  
(English version) 
https://www.credit-agricole.com/assets/ca-com-front/temp/PDF/casa_urd2019_fr_mel.pdf 
(French version) 
3 
the French and English versions of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Crédit 
Agricole S.A. Group for fiscal year 2019 and related notes and audit report (the “Consolidated 
Financial Statements 2019 for the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group”), which are extracted from 
the 2019 URD3, available on:  
https://www.credit-agricole.com/assets/ca-com-front/temp/PDF/casa_urd2019_uk_mel.pdf  
(English version) 
                                                
1  
For ease of reference, the page numbering of the French and English versions of the 2022 Medium Term Plan Press Release are 
identical. 
2 
Non-consolidated Financial Statements 2019 for Crédit Agricole S.A. can be found on pages 568 to 611 of the 2019 URD and the 
related audit report can be found on pages 612 to 615 of the 2019 URD. The page numbering of the French and English versions of 
the 2019 URD are identical. 
3 
Consolidated Financial Statements 2019 for the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group can be found on pages 388 to 556 of the 2019 URD and 
the related audit report can be found on pages 557 to 565 of the 2019 URD. The page numbering of the French and English versions 
of the 2019 URD are identical.

--- Page 55 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
55 
https://www.credit-agricole.com/assets/ca-com-front/temp/PDF/casa_urd2019_fr_mel.pdf 
(French version) 
4 
the French and English versions of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Crédit 
Agricole Group for fiscal year 2019 and related notes and audit report (the “Consolidated 
Financial Statements 2019 for the Crédit Agricole Group”), which are extracted from the 
first amendment A.01 to the 2019 URD filed with the AMF on 3 April 2020 under no. D.20-
0168-A01 (the “Amendment A.01 to the 2019 URD”)4, available on:  
https://www.credit-agricole.com/en/pdfPreview/179631 (English version) 
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/179631 (French version) 
5 
the French and English versions of the Issuer’s 2020 Universal Registration Document, which 
includes primarily the financial statements at 31 December 2020 of Crédit Agricole S.A. and 
the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group and was filed with the AMF on 24 March 2021 under no. D.21-
0184 (the “2020 URD”), available on:  
https://www.credit-agricole.com/en/pdfPreview/187401 (English version)  
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/187401 (French version)  
6 
the French and English versions of the first amendment to the 2020 URD, which includes 
primarily the financial statements at 31 December 2020 of the Crédit Agricole Group and was 
filed with the AMF on 1st April 2021 under no. D.21-0184-A01 (the “Amendment A.01 to the 
2020 URD”)5, available on: 
https://www.credit-agricole.com/en/pdfPreview/187569 (English version) 
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/187569 (French version) 
For the purposes only of further issues of English Law Notes and/or French Law Notes to be 
assimilated and form a single Series with English Law Notes and/or French Law Notes, as the case 
may be, already issued under the relevant previous Conditions listed below: 
7 
the terms and conditions set out on: 
(a) pages 79 to 173 and 220 to 319 of the base prospectus dated 9 April 2020 which 
received approval no. 20-136 from the AMF on 9 April 2020, available on : 
https://www.credit-agricole.com/en/pdfPreview/181064; 
 
(b) pages 175 to 253 and 298 to 381 of the base prospectus dated 10 April 2019 which 
received visa no. 19-151 from the AMF on 10 April 2019, available on: 
https://www.credit-
agricole.com/content/download/173944/4097667/version/4/file/CASA%20EMTN%202
019%20-%20Base%20Prospectus%20%28Final%20with%20visa%29.pdf; 
                                                
4 
Consolidated Financial Statements 2019 for the Crédit Agricole Group can be found on pages 193 to 362 of the amendment A.01 to 
the 2019 URD and the related audit report can be found on pages 363 to 369 of the amendment A.01 to the 2019 URD. The page 
numbering of the French and English versions of the amendment A.01 to the 2019 URD are identical. 
5 
For ease of reference, the page numbering of the French and English versions of the Amendment A.01 to the 2020 URD are identical.

--- Page 56 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
56 
 
(c) pages 172 to 238 and 282 to 353 of the base prospectus dated 9 April 2018 which 
received visa no. 18-123 from the AMF on 9 April 2018, available on: 
https://www.credit-
agricole.com/content/download/158529/3392423/version/4/file/300113280_1%28CAS
A%20EMTN%202018%20-
%20Base%20Prospectus%20%28Final%20with%20visa%29%29.pdf; 
 
(d) pages 175 to 238 and 282 to 348 of the base prospectus dated 10 April 2017 which 
received visa no. 17-149 from the AMF on 10 April 2017, available on: 
https://www.credit-
agricole.com/content/download/127574/2618700/version/2/file/EMTN%20Update%20
2017%20-%20Base%20Prospectus%20Final%20with%20visa.pdf; 
 
(e) pages 119 to 192 and 193 to 236 of the base prospectus dated 23 March 2016 which 
received visa no. 16-094 from the AMF on 23 March 2016, available on: 
https://www.credit-
agricole.com/content/download/104576/1797451/version/4/file/830965_26%28CASA
%20EMTN%202016%20-
%20Base%20Prospectus%20%28Final%20Version%20with%20visa%29%20-
%20C...pdf; 
 
(f) pages 121 to 191 and 192 to 251 of the base prospectus dated 27 March 2015 which 
received visa no. 15-119 from the AMF on 27 March 2015, available on: 
https://www.credit-
agricole.com/content/download/104527/1796629/version/3/file/Base%20Prospectus%
20dated%2027%20March%202015.pdf; 
 
(g) pages 100 to 163 and 164 to 216 of the base prospectus dated 27 March 2014 which 
received visa no. 14-106 from the AMF on 27 March 2014, available on: 
https://www.credit-
agricole.com/content/download/104535/1796761/version/1/file/760961_23%28CASA
%20EMTN%202014%20-%20Base%20Prospectus%20%28FINAL%29%29.pdf; 
 
(h) pages 117 to 147 and 148 to 183 of the base prospectus dated 4 June 2013 which 
received visa no. 13-262 from the AMF on 4 June 2013, available on: 
https://www.credit-
agricole.com/content/download/104545/1796929/version/1/file/726771_30%28CASA
%2BEMTN%2B2013%2B-%2BBase%2BProspectus%29.pdf; 
 
(i) pages 72 to 109 and 128 to 161 of the base Prospectus dated 16 May 2012 which 
received visa no. 12-215 from AMF on 16 May 2012, available on: https://www.credit-
agricole.com/content/download/104555/1797097/version/1/file/CASA%2BEMTN%2B
2012-%2BBase%2BProspectus.pdf; 
(j) pages 63 to 101 of the base prospectus dated 17 May 2011 which received visa no. 
11-164 from the AMF on 17 May 2011, available on: https://www.credit-

--- Page 57 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
57 
agricole.com/content/download/104563/1797229/version/1/file/CASA%2BEMTN-
%2BBase%2BProspectus%2Bdated%2B17%2BMay%2B2011.pdf; 
 
the documents referred to above being together defined the “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference”. 
The information incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, as supplemented, shall be read 
in connection with the cross-reference table set out below. For the avoidance of doubt, the sections 
of the documents listed in paragraphs 1 to 6 above which are not included in the cross-reference 
table below are not incorporated by reference in (and for the avoidance of doubt shall not fall within 
the Documents Incorporated by Reference as used in) the Base Prospectus, as supplemented. The 
documents listed in paragraph 7 above are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, as 
supplemented, and are considered as additional information which are not required by the relevant 
schedules of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as 
amended, supplementing the Prospectus Regulation.  
Any statement contained in the Documents Incorporated by Reference listed above shall be deemed 
to be modified or superseded for the purpose of the Base Prospectus, as supplemented, to the extent 
that a statement contained herein or in the Base Prospectus, as supplemented, modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), it being 
mentioned that any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified 
or superseded, to constitute a part of the Base Prospectus, as supplemented. 
To the extent that any of the Documents Incorporated by Reference itself incorporates documents 
by reference, such documents shall not be deemed incorporated by reference herein. The non-
incorporated parts of the Documents Incorporated by Reference are either not relevant for investors 
or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus, as supplemented.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
CROSS-REFERENCE TABLE 
The following consolidated table cross-references the information incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus with the main heading required under Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, as amended, supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus.  
 
ANNEX 6 
Information incorporated by reference 
3 
Risk Factors 
43-55 of the Amendment A.01 to the 2020 URD 
4 
Information about the Issuer 
4.1 
History and development of the Issuer 
2022 Medium Term Plan Press Release 
2-7, 9-13, 31-41, 43-113, 248-252, 584, 649-660, 
681-685 of the 2020 URD 
2-3, 5-8, 9, 19-21, 38-41, 370 of the Amendment A.01 
to the 2020 URD 
4.1.1 
The legal and commercial name 
of the Issuer 
5, 650 of the 2020 URD 
3 of the Amendment A.01 to the 2020 URD 
4.1.2 
The place of registration of the 
Issuer, its registration number 
and legal entity identifier (“LEI”) 
650 of the 2020 URD 
4.1.3 
The date of incorporation and 
the length of life of the Issuer, 
except where the period is 
indefinite 
650 of the 2020 URD 
4.1.4 
The domicile and legal form of 
the Issuer, the legislation under 
which the Issuer operates, its 
country of incorporation, the 
address, telephone number of 
its registered office (or principal 
place of business if different 
from its registered office) and 
website of the Issuer, if any, with 
a disclaimer that the information 
on the website does not form 
part of the prospectus unless 
that information is incorporated 
by reference into the 
prospectus. 
41, 650, back cover page of the 2020 URD 
4.1.5 
Details of any recent events 
particular to the Issuer and 
which are to a material extent 
relevant to an evaluation of the 
issuer’s solvency 
248-252, 327-331, 584 of the 2020 URD 
19-21, 38-41, 110-115, 117-120, 370, 394 of the 
Amendment A.01 to the 2020 URD

--- Page 59 ---
Cross-reference Table 
59 
ANNEX 6 
Information incorporated by reference 
4.1.6 
Credit ratings assigned to an 
Issuer at the request or with the 
cooperation of the Issuer in the 
rating process. A brief 
explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating 
provider. 
8, 53-54 of the Amendment A.01 to the 2020 URD 
4.1.7 
Information on the material 
changes in the Issuer’s 
borrowing and funding structure 
since the last financial year 
232-234, 297-300, 478-480 of the 2020 URD 
24-25, 84-89, 265-267 of the Amendment A.01 to the 
2020 URD 
4.1.8 
Description of the expected 
financing of the Issuer’s 
activities 
403-404, 422-423, 658 of the 2020 URD 
191-192, 210-211 of the Amendment A.01 to the 
2020 URD 
5 
Business overview 
 
5.1 
Principal activities 
5.1.1 
A description of the Issuer’s 
principal activities, including: (a) 
the main categories of products 
sold and/or services performed; 
(b) an indication of any 
significant new products or 
activities; (c) the principal 
markets in which the Issuer 
competes 
14-28, 233-245, 497-502, 658 of the 2020 URD 
10-16, 25-38, 284-289 of the Amendment A.01 to the 
2020 URD 
5.1.2 
The basis for any statements 
made by the Issuer regarding its 
competitive position 
7, 16-17, 44 of the 2020 URD 
9, 11-13 of the Amendment A.01 to the 2020 URD 
6 
Organisational structure 
6.1 
If the Issuer is part of a group, a brief 
description of the group and the Issuer’s 
position within the group. This may be in 
the form of, or accompanied by, a 
diagram of the organisational structure if 
this helps to clarify the structure. 
5-7, 410-415, 565-579, 660-670 of the 2020 URD 
3, 9, 201-203, 348-366, 381-394 of the Amendment 
A.01 to the 2020 URD 
6.2 
If the Issuer is dependent upon other 
entities within the group, this must be 
clearly stated together with an 
explanation of this dependence. 
5, 410-413, 600-602 of the 2020 URD 
3, 201-203 of the Amendment A.01 to the 2020 URD 
7 
Trend information 
2-3, 248-252, 584 of the 2020 URD 
19-21, 38-41, 370 of the Amendment A.01 to the 
2020 URD 
9 
Administrative, management and supervisory 
bodies

--- Page 60 ---
Cross-reference Table 
60 
ANNEX 6 
Information incorporated by reference 
9.1 
Names, business addresses and 
functions within the Issuer of the 
following persons and an indication of 
the principal activities performed by 
them outside of that Issuer where these 
are significant with respect to that 
Issuer: (a) members of the 
administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies; (b) partners with 
unlimited liability, in the case of a limited 
partnership with a share capital. 
115-225 of the 2020 URD 
9.2 
Potential conflicts of interests between 
any duties to the Issuer, of the persons 
referred to in item 9.1, and their private 
interests and or other duties must be 
clearly stated. In the event that there 
are no such conflicts, a statement to 
that effect must be made. 
119, 177, 219-224 of the 2020 URD 
10 
Major shareholders 
10.1 
To the extent known to the Issuer, state 
whether the Issuer is directly or 
indirectly owned or controlled and by 
whom and describe the nature of such 
control and describe the measures in 
place to ensure that such control is not 
abused. 
5, 33-34, 537 of the 2020 URD 
3 of the Amendment A.01 to the 2020 URD 
11 
Financial information concerning the Issuer’s 
assets and liabilities, financial position and profits 
and losses 
11.1 
Historical financial information 
 
Audited non-consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 
595-643 of the 2020 URD 
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 
409-584 of the 2020 URD 
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Crédit 
Agricole Group for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020 
201-370 of the Amendment A.01 to the 2020 URD 
Audited non-consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 
567-611 of the 2019 URD 
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 
389-556 of the 2019 URD 
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Crédit 
Agricole Group for the financial year ended 31 
December 2019 
193-362 of the Amendment A.01 to the 2019 URD

--- Page 61 ---
Cross-reference Table 
61 
ANNEX 6 
Information incorporated by reference 
11.3 
Auditing of historical annual financial 
information 
Auditors’ report on the non-consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020 
644-647 of the 2020 URD 
Auditors’ report on the consolidated financial statements 
of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020 
585-592 of the 2020 URD 
Auditors’ report on the consolidated financial statements 
of the Crédit Agricole Group for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020 
371-378 of the Amendment A.01 to the 2020 URD 
Auditors’ report on the non-consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2019 
612-615 of the 2019 URD  
Auditors’ report on the consolidated financial statements 
of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2019 
557-564 of the 2019 URD 
Auditors’ report on the consolidated financial statements 
of the Credit Agricole Group for the financial year ended 
31 December 2019 
363-369 of the Amendment A.01 to the 2019 URD 
11.3.1 a Auditor’s reports on the historical 
financial information which have been 
refused by the statutory auditors or 
contain qualifications, modifications of 
opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis 
of matter 
644 of the 2020 URD 
557 of the 2019 URD 
363 of the Amendment A.01 to the 2019 URD 
 
11.4 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
312-317, 530-535 of the 2020 URD 
305, 315, 316-320 of the Amendment A.01 to the 
2020 URD 
11.5 
Significant change in the Issuer’s 
financial position 
659 of the 2020 URD 
394 of the Amendment A.01 to the 2020 URD 
12 
Additional information 
 
12.1 
Share capital 
33-34, 537, 600, 650 of the 2020 URD 
12.2 
Articles of association 
650-657 of the 2020 URD 
13 
Material contracts 
659 of the 2020 URD 
201-203 of the Amendment A.01 to the 2020 URD

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus. 
If, at any time during the duration of the Programme the Issuer shall be required to prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of Notes in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer shall submit such supplement to this Base Prospectus to the AMF for approval. 
In accordance with and pursuant to Article 23.2 of the Prospectus Regulation, where the Notes are 
offered to the public, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Notes before 
any supplement is published have the right, exercisable within three working days after the 
publication of such supplement, to withdraw their acceptances, provided that the significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy referred to in Article 23.1 of the Prospectus Regulation 
arose or was noted before the closing of the offer period or the delivery of the Notes, whichever 
occurs first. That period may be extended by the Issuer or, if any, by the relevant Authorised 
Offeror(s). The final date of the right of withdrawal shall be stated in the supplement. 
On 12 April 2022, this Base Prospectus, as supplemented (as the case may be), will expire and the 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material 
mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER AND THE CREDIT AGRICOLE GROUP 
For more information about the Issuer and the Crédit Agricole Group, please refer to the documents 
listed in the sections entitled “Documents incorporated by reference” and “Cross-reference table”. 
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus. 
 
General information about the Issuer 
 
The Issuer is organised under the laws of France and registered as a public limited company (société 
anonyme) in the Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés of Nanterre under number RCS Nanterre 
784 608 416. Its Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is 969500TJ5KRTCJQWXH05.  
 
The Issuer is licensed in France as a mutual bank (établissement de crédit – banque mutualiste ou 
coopérative) by the ACPR.  
 
The Issuer’s shares are admitted on the Regulated Market of Euronext Paris. 
 
The website of the Issuer is www.credit-agricole.com. The information on such website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus, unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
 
Description of the Crédit Agricole Group 
 
The Issuer is the lead bank of the “Crédit Agricole Group”, which is composed of the “Crédit 
Agricole S.A. Group” (comprising the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries), the Regional Banks 
(as defined below), the Caisses Locales de Crédit Agricole (the “Local Banks”) and their respective 
subsidiaries.  
 
The Crédit Agricole Group is France’s largest banking group, and one of the largest in the world, in 
each case based on shareholders’ equity. As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer had €1,961.1 billion 
of total consolidated assets, €65.2 billion in shareholders’ equity (excluding minority interests), 
€881.9 billion of customer deposits and €1,729 billion of assets under management.  
 
The current structure of the Crédit Agricole Group is the result of the following changes: the Issuer, 
formerly known as the Caisse Nationale de Crédit Agricole (“CNCA”), was created by public decree 
in 1920 to distribute advances to and monitor a group of regional mutual banks known as the Caisses 
Régionales de Crédit Agricole Mutuel (the “Regional Banks”) on behalf of the French State. In 1988, 
the French State privatized CNCA in a mutualization process, transferring the majority of its interest 
in CNCA to the Regional Banks. In 2001, the Issuer was listed on the Regulated Market of Euronext 
Paris. At the time of the listing, the Issuer acquired approximately 25% interests in each of the 
Regional Banks except the Caisse Régionale de la Corse (100% of which was acquired by the Issuer 
in 2008). On 3 August 2016, the Issuer transferred substantially all of its interests in the Regional 
Banks (except the Caisse Régionale de la Corse) to a company wholly owned by the Regional 
Banks.

--- Page 64 ---
Information about the Issuer and the Crédit Agricole Group 
64 
As a result of these changes, the organisational structure of the Crédit Agricole Group is as follow 
as of 31 December 2020:

--- Page 65 ---
Information about the Issuer and the Crédit Agricole Group 
65 
 
The structure of the Crédit Agricole Group is different from that of other major banking 
groups 
 
The Issuer does not have a majority ownership interest in the Regional Banks (other than the Caisse 
régionale de la Corse). As a result, the Issuer does not control the Regional Banks in the same way 
a majority shareholder would. In its capacity as central body (organe central) of the Crédit Agricole 
Network, the Issuer has important powers, by virtue of legal and regulatory provisions, of control 
over each of the members of the Crédit Agricole Network (which includes the Regional Banks and 
CACIB). These powers give the Issuer the ability to exercise administrative, technical and financial 
supervision over the organisation and management of these institutions and to take extraordinary 
measures under certain circumstances. See “Description of the Crédit Agricole Network and the role 
of the Issuer as central body of the Crédit Agricole Network” below. 
 
However, the Issuer’s powers over the Regional Banks differ in nature from the relationship of 
voting control that would arise from the direct ownership of a majority stake in the Regional Banks. 
 
Description of the Crédit Agricole Network and the role of the Issuer as central body of the 
Crédit Agricole Network  
 
The Issuer acts as the central body (organe central) of the “Crédit Agricole Network”, which is 
defined by Article R.512-18 of the French Code monétaire et financier to include primarily the Issuer, 
the Regional Banks and the Local Banks and also other affiliated members (primarily Crédit Agricole 
CIB). The Issuer coordinates the Regional Banks’ commercial and marketing strategy, and through 
its specialized subsidiaries, designs and manages financial products that are distributed primarily by 
the Regional Banks and LCL. In addition, the Issuer, as part of its duties as the central body of the 
Crédit Agricole Network, acts as “central bank” to suchnetwork with regard to refinancing, 
supervision and reporting to the regulatory authorities, and manages and monitors the credit and 
financial risks of all the Crédit Agricole Network. 
 
Pursuant to Article L.511-31 of the French Code monétaire et financier, as the central body of the 
Crédit Agricole Network, the Issuer must take all necessary measures to guarantee the liquidity and 
solvency of each member of the Crédit Agricole Network and of the Crédit Agricole Network as a 
whole. Each member of the Network (including the Issuer – the “Members of Crédit Agricole 
Network”) benefits from this statutory financial support mechanism and contributes thereto. In 
addition, the Regional Banks guarantee, through a joint and several guarantee (the “1988 
Guarantee”), all of the obligations of the Issuer to third parties, should the assets of the Issuer be 
insufficient after its liquidation or dissolution. The potential liability of the Regional Banks under the 
1988 Guarantee is equal to the aggregate of their share capital, reserves and retained earnings. For 
more information on the impact of the resolution framework on the statutory financial mechanism 
and the 1988 Guarantee, please refer to the section entitled “Government Supervision and 
Regulation of Credit Institutions in France”. 
 
Principal activities of the Issuer 
 
The Issuer's organization is structured around four business lines: 
(i) 
“Asset Gathering,” including insurance, asset management and wealth management;

--- Page 66 ---
Information about the Issuer and the Crédit Agricole Group 
66 
(ii) 
“Retail Banking,” including the French retail bank LCL and international retail banking; 
(iii) 
“Specialized Financial Services,” including consumer finance, leasing, factoring and finance 
for energies and regions; and 
(iv) 
“Large Customers,” including corporate and investment banking and asset servicing. 
 
Regulatory Capital Ratios 
 
As of 31 December 2020, the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group’s phased-in common equity tier 1 ratio was 
13.1% (12.9% fully-loaded), its phased total Tier 1 ratio was 14.9% (14.2% fully-loaded), and its 
phased overall solvency (Tier 1 and Tier 2) ratio was 19.2% (18.5% fully-loaded).   
As of the same date, the Crédit Agricole Group’s phased-in common equity tier 1 ratio was 17.2% 
(16.9% fully-loaded), its phased total Tier 1 ratio was 18.3% (17.7% fully-loaded), and its overall 
solvency (Tier 1 and Tier 2) ratio was 21.1% (20.4% fully-loaded).

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
GOVERNMENT SUPERVISION AND REGULATION OF CREDIT INSTITUTIONS IN FRANCE 
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus. 
French Banking Regulatory and Supervisory Bodies 
French banking law is mostly set forth in directly applicable EU regulations and in the French Code 
monétaire et financier which is mainly derived from EU directives and guidelines. The French Code 
monétaire et financier sets forth the conditions under which credit institutions, including banks, may 
operate, and vests related supervisory and regulatory powers in certain banking regulatory and 
supervisory bodies.  
The French Supervisory Banking Authorities 
In France, the ACPR was created in July 2013 to supervise financial institutions and insurance firms 
and be in charge of client protection and of ensuring the stability of the financial system. On 15 
October 2013, the European Union adopted Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013 establishing a single 
supervisory mechanism for credit institutions of the euro-zone and opt-in countries (the “ECB Single 
Supervisory Mechanism”), which has conferred specific tasks on the European Central Bank (the 
“ECB”) concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions. This European 
regulation has given to the ECB, in conjunction with the relevant national regulatory authorities, direct 
supervisory authority for certain European credit institutions and banking groups, including the Crédit 
Agricole Group.  
Since 4 November 2014, the ECB has fully assumed supervisory tasks and responsibilities within 
the framework of the ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism, in close cooperation, in France, with the 
ACPR (each of the ACPR and the ECB is hereinafter referred to as a “Supervisory Banking 
Authority”), as follows: 
 
The ECB is exclusively competent to carry out, for prudential supervisory purposes, the following 
tasks in relation to all credit institutions, regardless of the significance of the credit institution 
concerned: 
o 
to authorise credit institutions and to withdraw authorisation of credit institutions; and 
o 
to assess notifications of the acquisition and disposal of qualifying holdings, in other credit 
institutions, except in the case of a bank resolution. 
 
The other supervisory tasks are performed by both the ECB and the ACPR, their respective 
supervisory roles and responsibilities being allocated on the basis of the significance of the 
supervised entities, with the ECB directly supervising significant banks, such as the Crédit 
Agricole Group, while the ACPR is in charge of the supervision of the less significant entities. 
These supervisory tasks include, inter alia, the following: 
o 
to ensure compliance with all prudential requirements laid down in general EU banking rules 
for credit institutions in the areas of own funds requirements, securitisation, large exposure 
limits, liquidity, leverage, reporting and public disclosure of information on such matters;  
o 
to carry out supervisory reviews, including stress tests and their possible publication, and 
on the basis of this supervisory review, to impose where necessary on credit institutions 
higher prudential requirements to protect financial stability under the conditions provided by 
EU law;

--- Page 68 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
68 
o 
to impose robust corporate governance practices (including the fit and proper requirements 
for the persons responsible for the management process, internal control mechanisms, 
remuneration policies and practices) and effective internal capital adequacy assessment 
processes; and 
o 
to carry out supervisory tasks in relation to recovery plans, and early intervention where 
credit institutions or groups do not meet or are likely to breach the applicable prudential 
requirements, including structural changes required to prevent financial stress or failure but 
excluding, however, resolution measures. 
 
The ACPR may apply requirements for capital buffers to be held by credit institutions at the 
relevant level, in addition to own funds requirements (including countercyclical buffer rates). If 
deemed necessary, the ECB may, instead of the ACPR but by cooperating closely with it, apply 
such higher requirements. 
Supervisory framework 
With respect to the banking sector, and for the purposes of carrying out the tasks conferred on it, the 
relevant Supervisory Banking Authority makes individual decisions, grants banking and investment 
firm licenses, and grants specific exemptions as provided in applicable banking regulations. It 
supervises the enforcement of laws and regulations applicable to banks and other credit institutions, 
as well as investment firms, and controls their financial standing.  
Banks are required to submit periodic (either monthly or quarterly) accounting reports to the relevant 
Supervisory Banking Authority concerning the principal areas of their activities. The main reports 
and information filed by institutions with the relevant Supervisory Banking Authority include periodic 
regulatory reports. They include, among other things, the institutions’ accounting and prudential 
(regulatory capital) filings, which are usually submitted on a quarterly basis, as well as internal audit 
reports filed once a year, all of the documents examined by the institution’s management in its twice-
yearly review of the business and operations and the internal audit findings and the key information 
that relates to the credit institution’s risk analysis and monitoring. The relevant Supervisory Banking 
Authority may also request additional information that it deems necessary and may carry out on-site 
inspections (including with respect to a bank’s foreign subsidiaries and branches, subject to 
international cooperation agreements). These reports and controls allow close monitoring of the 
condition of each bank and also facilitate computation of the total deposits of all banks and their use.  
The relevant Supervisory Banking Authority may order financial institutions to comply with applicable 
regulations and to cease conducting activities that may adversely affect the interests of its clients. 
The relevant Supervisory Banking Authority may also require a financial institution to take measures 
to strengthen or restore its financial situation, improve its management methods and/or adjust its 
organisation and activities to its development goals. When a financial institution’s solvency or 
liquidity, or the interests of its clients are or could be threatened, the relevant Supervisory Banking 
Authority is entitled to take certain provisional measures, including: submitting the institution to 
special monitoring and restricting or prohibiting the conduct of certain activities (including deposit-
taking), the making of certain payments, the disposal of assets, the distribution of dividends to its 
shareholders, and/or the payment of variable compensation. The relevant Supervisory Banking 
Authority may also require credit institutions to maintain regulatory capital and/or liquidity ratios 
higher than those required under applicable law and submit to specific liquidity requirements, 
including restrictions in terms of asset/liability maturity mismatches. 
Where regulations have been violated, the relevant Supervisory Banking Authority may impose 
administrative sanctions, which may include warnings, fines, suspension or dismissal of managers

--- Page 69 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
69 
and deregistration of the bank, resulting in its winding up. The relevant Supervisory Banking Authority 
also has the power to appoint a temporary administrator to manage provisionally a bank that it deems 
to be mismanaged. Insolvency proceedings may be initiated against banks or other credit institutions, 
or investment firms only after prior approval of the relevant Supervisory Banking Authority.  
The Resolution Authority 
In France, the ACPR is in charge of implementing measures for the prevention and resolution of 
banking crises, including, but not limited to, the Bail-in Tool described below. See “Resolution 
Measures” below. 
Since 1 January 2016, a single resolution board (the “Single Resolution Board”) established by 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms in the framework of a single resolution mechanism and a single resolution fund, as 
amended by Regulation (EU) No 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment 
firms (the “Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation”), together with national authorities, are in 
charge of resolution planning and preparation of resolution decisions for cross-border credit 
institutions and banking groups as well as credit institutions and banking groups directly supervised 
by the ECB, such as the Crédit Agricole Group. The ACPR remains responsible for implementing 
the resolution plan according to the Single Resolution Board’s instructions. 
Other French Banking Regulatory and Supervisory Bodies 
The Financial Sector Consultative Committee (Comité consultatif du secteur financier) is made up 
of representatives of credit institutions, financing companies, electronic money institutions, payment 
institutions, investment firms, asset management companies, insurance companies and insurance 
brokers and client representatives. This committee is a consultative organisation that studies the 
relations between the abovementioned entities and their respective clientele and proposes 
appropriate measures in this area. 
The Consultative Committee on Financial Legislation and Regulations (Comité consultatif de la 
législation et de la réglementation financières) reviews, at the request of the French Minister of 
Economy, any draft bills or regulations, as well as any draft European regulations relating to the 
insurance, banking, electronic money, payment service and investment service industries other than 
those draft regulations issued by the AMF. 
In addition, all French credit institutions are required to belong to a professional organisation or 
central body affiliated with the French Credit Institutions and Investment Firms Association 
(Association française des établissements de crédit et des entreprises d’investissement), which 
represents the interests of credit institutions, financing companies, electronic money institutions, 
payment institutions, asset management companies and investment firms in particular with the public 
authorities, provides consultative advice, disseminates information, studies questions relating to 
banking and financial services activities and makes recommendations in connection therewith. 
Crédit Agricole is a member of the French Banking Association (Fédération bancaire française) 
which is itself affiliated to the French Credit Institutions and Investment Firms Association.

--- Page 70 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
70 
Banking Regulations 
Banking regulations are mainly composed and/or derived from EU directives and regulations.  
Banking regulations implementing the Basel III reforms were adopted on 26 June 2013:  
 
Directive (EU) 2013/36 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms (the “CRD IV Directive”); and  
 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the “CRR Regulation” 
and together with the CRD IV Directive, “CRD IV”).  
The CRR Regulation (with the exception of some of its provisions, which came into effect at later 
dates) became directly applicable in all EU member states (including France) and in the UK on 1 
January 2014. The CRD IV Directive became effective on 1 January 2014 (except for capital buffer 
provisions which became applicable as from 1 January 2016) and was implemented under French 
law by the banking reform dated 20 February 2014 (Ordonnance portant diverses dispositions 
d’adaptation de la législation au droit de l’Union européenne en matière financière).  
Banking regulations amending the CRD IV were adopted on 20 May 2019, including:  
 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending the CRD IV Directive as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and 
capital conservation measures (the “CRD IV Directive Revision”); and  
 
Regulation (EU) No 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending the CRR Regulation as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, 
exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (the “CRR 
Regulation Revision”).  
Both the CRD IV Directive Revision and the CRR Regulation Revision entered into force on 27 June 
2019. The CRD IV Directive Revision was implemented under French law by the French Ordonnance 
n° 2020-1635 portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union 
européenne en matière financière dated 21 December 2020 and the French Décret n° 2020-1637 
portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation au droit de l'Union européenne en matière financière et 
relatif aux sociétés de financement dated 22 December 2020. Certain portions of the CRR 
Regulation Revision are applicable in all EU member states (including France) and in the UK since 
27 June 2019 (including those applicable to capital instruments and TLAC instruments) while others 
shall apply as from 28 June 2021 or 1 January 2023.  
Credit institutions such as the Issuer must comply with minimum capital and leverage requirements. 
In addition to these requirements, the principal regulations applicable to credit institutions such as 
the Issuer concern risk diversification, liquidity, monetary policy, restrictions on equity investments 
and reporting requirements. 
Minimum capital and leverage ratio requirements  
French credit institutions are required to maintain minimum capital to cover their credit, market, 
counterparty and operational risks. Pursuant to the CRR II Regulation, credit institutions, such as 
the Crédit Agricole Group, are required to maintain a minimum total capital ratio of 8%, a minimum

--- Page 71 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
71 
tier 1 capital ratio of 6% and a minimum common equity tier 1 ratio of 4.5%, each to be obtained by 
dividing the institution’s relevant eligible regulatory capital by its risk-weighted assets (also called 
Pillar 1 capital requirements).  
Pursuant to the CRD V Directive, the Supervisory Banking Authority may also require French credit 
institutions to maintain additional capital in excess of the requirements described above (also called 
Pillar 2 capital requirements) under the conditions set out in the CRD V Directive, and in particular 
on the basis of a supervisory review and evaluation process (“SREP”) to be carried out by the 
competent authorities. The solvency ratios applicable to the Issuer and the Crédit Agricole Group 
are described in more details on pages 327 to 331 of the Issuer’s 2020 URD and pages 110 to 115 
of the Amendment A.01 to the 2020 URD.  
The European Banking Authority (“EBA”) published guidelines on 19 December 2014 addressed to 
competent authorities on common procedures and methodologies for the SREP which contained 
guidelines proposing a common approach to determine the amount and composition of additional 
capital requirements. These guidelines were implemented with effect from 1 January 2016 and were 
amended on 19 July 2018. Under these guidelines, competent authorities should set a composition 
requirement for the additional capital requirements to cover certain risks of at least 56% common 
equity tier 1 capital and at least 75% tier 1 capital. The guidelines also contemplate that competent 
authorities should not set additional capital requirements in respect of risks which are already 
covered by capital buffer requirements and/or additional macro-prudential requirements; and, 
accordingly the “combined buffer requirement” (referred to below) is in addition to the minimum 
capital requirement and to the additional capital requirement.  
In addition, in accordance with the CRD V Directive, French credit institutions have to comply with 
certain common equity tier 1 buffer requirements, including a capital conservation buffer of 2.5% that 
is applicable to all institutions, the global systemically important institutions buffer of up to 3.5% that 
is applicable to global-systemically important banks (“G-SIBs”), including the Crédit Agricole Group, 
and the other systemically important institutions buffer of up to 3% that is applicable to other 
systemically important banks (“O-SIBs”), including the Crédit Agricole Group. Where a group, on a 
consolidated basis, is subject to a G-SIB buffer and an O-SIB buffer (such as the Crédit Agricole 
Group), the higher buffer shall apply.  
French credit institutions also have to comply with other common equity tier 1 buffers to cover 
countercyclical and systemic risks. After having raised the rate of the countercyclical buffer from 0% 
to 0.25% in June 2018 (applicable as from 30 June 2019), the High Council for Financial Stability 
(Haut Conseil de la Stabilité Financière) (“HCSF”) further raised the countercyclical buffer from 
0.25% to 0.5% in April 2019 (applicable as from 2 April 2020). However, following the outbreak of 
COVID-19, the Banque de France announced on 13 March 2020 that it would propose a complete 
relaxation of the countercyclical buffer from 0.5% to 0% to address the emergency situation resulting 
from the outbreak. Further to this announcement, the HCSF decided on 1 April 2020 to lower the 
countercyclical buffer rate to 0% as from 2 April 2020, thereby enabling banks to use this buffer that 
had already been constituted to address the emergency situation arising from the COVID-19 
pandemic. The HCSF has reconfirmed, most recently on 1 April 2021, that it will maintain the 
countercyclical buffer rate at 0% until further notice.  
The total common equity tier 1 capital required to meet the requirement for the capital conservation 
buffer extended by, as applicable, the G-SIBs buffer, the O-SIBs buffer, the institution-specific 
countercyclical capital buffer and the systemic risk buffer is called the “combined buffer requirement” 
which shall be in addition to the minimum capital requirement and the additional capital requirement 
referred to above.

--- Page 72 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
72 
Following the results of the 2020 SREP published in November 2020, the ECB confirmed that the 
level of the additional requirement in respect of Pillar 2 for the Issuer and the Crédit Agricole Group 
will remain unchanged for 2021 (i.e. 1.50%). Taking into account the different additional regulatory 
buffers (as further described below) and further to the European Central Bank’s announcement of 
12 March 2020 to bring forward the application of article 104a of the CRD V Directive (that was 
initially scheduled to come into effect in January 2021), thus allowing institutions to partially use 
capital instruments that do not qualify as common equity tier 1 capital (for example additional tier 1 
or tier 2 instruments) to meet the Pillar 2 requirement, since 1 January 2021, the Issuer must comply 
with a common equity tier 1 ratio of at least 7.9%, including Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 capital requirements 
as well as the applicable combined buffer requirement (conservation buffer of 2.5% and 
countercyclical buffer estimated at 0.02% as of 1 January 2021) and the Crédit Agricole Group must 
comply with a common equity tier 1 ratio of at least 8.9%, including Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 capital 
requirements as well as the applicable combined buffer requirement (conservation buffer of 2.5%, 
buffer for systemically important institutions of 1% and countercyclical buffer estimated at 0.03% as 
of 1 January 2021).  
In accordance with the CRR II Regulation, each institution will also be required to maintain a 3% 
minimum leverage ratio beginning on 28 June 2021 i.e. two years from the entry into force of the 
CRR Regulation Revision, defined as an institution’s tier 1 capital divided by its total exposure 
measure. As of 31 December 2020, the Issuer’s phased-in leverage ratio was 4.9%. Further, each 
institution that is a G-SIB will be required to comply with an additional buffer requirement (equal to 
the G-SIB total exposure measure used to calculate the leverage ratio multiplied by 50% of the 
applicable G-SIB buffer rate) over the minimum leverage ratio as from 1 January 2023 (following 
the deferral of the application date initially set on 1 January 2022 by the Regulation (EU) 
No  2020/873 of the European Parliament and of the Council amending the CRR II Regulation as 
regards certain adjustments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. See “Regulatory Responses 
to the COVID-19 pandemic” below for further information.) 
Non-compliance with these minimum capital requirements (including Pillar 1, Pillar 2 and capital 
buffer requirements) may result in distribution restrictions (including restrictions on the payment of 
dividends, additional tier 1 coupons and variable compensation). Such distribution restrictions may 
also apply in the case of non-compliance with capital ratio buffers in addition to the minimum MREL 
requirements (see “MREL and TLAC” below) or, as from 1 January 2023 with the G-SIBs leverage 
ratio buffer. 
Moreover, the revised standards published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision on 7 
December 2017 to finalize the Basel III post crisis reform also include the following elements: (i) a 
revised standardised approach for credit risk, which will improve the robustness and risk sensitivity 
of the existing approach, (ii) revisions to the internal ratings-based approach for credit risk, where 
the use of the most advanced internally modelled approaches for low-default portfolios will be limited, 
(iii) revisions to the credit valuation adjustment (the “CVA”) framework, including the removal of the 
internally modelled approach and the introduction of a revised standardised approach, (iv) a revised 
standardised approach for operational risk, which will replace the existing standardised approaches 
and the advanced measurement approaches and (v) an aggregate output floor, which will ensure 
that banks’ risk-weighted assets (“RWAs”) generated by internal models are no lower than 72.5% of 
RWAs as calculated by the Basel III framework’s standardised approaches. 
The implementation of the amendments to the Basel III framework within the European Union may 
go beyond the Basel Committee standards and provide for European specificities. Therefore, 
currently no firm conclusion regarding the impact of the revised standards on the future capital 
requirements and their impact on the capital requirements for the Issuer can be made. The revised

--- Page 73 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
73 
standards are scheduled to take effect from 1 January 2022 and will be phased in over five years. 
The Basel Committee has also extended the implementation date of the revised minimum capital 
requirements for market risk, which was originally set to be implemented on 1 January 2019, to 1 
January 2022. The European Commission launched a public consultation from 11 October 2019 to 
3 January 2020, on the basis of which it will issue a legislative proposal in order to implement these 
rules within the European Union. Following the outbreak of COVID-19, the Basel Committee 
announced on 27 March 2020 the deferral of the implementation of the Basel III framework by one 
year to 1 January 2023 to increase operational capacity of banks and supervisors to respond to the 
immediate financial stability priorities resulting from the impact on the global banking system of the 
COVID-19 pandemic. On 4 March 2021, the European Commission indicated its intention to adopt 
the legislative proposal on the implementation of the Basel III standards in July 2021. 
Additional risk diversification and liquidity, monetary policy, restrictions on equity 
investments and reporting requirements 
Under the CRR II Regulation, French credit institutions must satisfy, on a consolidated basis, certain 
restrictions relating to concentration of risks (ratio de contrôle des grands risques). The aggregate 
of a French credit institution’s loans and a portion of certain other exposures (risques) to a single 
customer (and related entities) may not exceed 25% of the credit institution's tier 1 capital and, with 
respect to exposures to certain financial institutions, the higher of 25% of the credit institution’s 
eligible capital and €150 million. Certain individual exposures may be subject to specific regulatory 
requirements. In addition, G-SIB’s exposures to other G-SIBs shall be limited to 15% of the G-SIB’s 
tier 1 capital. 
The CRR II Regulation also introduced a liquidity requirement, pursuant to which institutions are 
required to hold liquid assets, the total value of which would cover the net liquidity outflows that might 
be experienced under gravely stressed conditions over a period of thirty (30) calendar days. This 
requirement is known as the liquidity coverage ratio (“LCR”) and is now fully applicable following a 
phase-in period. In addition, in accordance with the recommendations of the Basel Committee, the 
CRR Regulation Revision introduced a binding net stable funding ratio (“NSFR”) set at a minimum 
level of 100%, which indicates that an institution holds sufficient stable funding to meet its funding 
needs during a one-year period under both normal and stressed conditions. This requirement, which 
will be applicable on 28 June 2021 i.e. two years after the entry into force of the CRR Regulation 
Revision, aims at addressing the excessive reliance on short-term wholesale funding and reducing 
long-term funding risk. 
The Issuer’s commercial banking operations in France are also significantly affected by monetary 
policies established from time to time by the ECB in coordination with the Banque de France. 
Commercial banking operations, particularly in their fixing of short-term interest rates, are also 
affected in practice by the rates at which the Banque de France intervenes in the French domestic 
interbank market. 
French credit institutions are subject to restrictions on equity investments and, subject to various 
specified exemptions for certain short-term investments and investments in financial institutions and 
insurance companies, “qualifying shareholdings” held by credit institutions must comply with the 
following requirements: (a) no “qualifying shareholding” may exceed 15% of the regulatory capital of 
the concerned credit institution and (b) the aggregate of such “qualifying shareholdings” may not 
exceed 60% of the regulatory capital of the concerned credit institution. An equity investment is a 
“qualifying shareholding” for the purposes of these provisions if (i) it represents more than 10% of 
the share capital or voting rights of the company in which the investment is made or (ii) it provides,

--- Page 74 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
74 
or is acquired with a view to providing, a “significant influence” in such company. Further, the ECB 
must authorise certain participations and acquisitions. 
French regulations permit only licensed credit institutions to engage in banking activities on a regular 
basis. Similarly, institutions licensed as banks may not, on a regular basis, engage in activities other 
than banking, bank-related activities and a limited number of non-banking activities determined 
pursuant to the regulations issued by the French Minister of Economy. A regulation issued in 
November 1986 and amended from time to time sets forth an exhaustive list of such non-banking 
activities and requires revenues from those activities to be limited in the aggregate to a maximum of 
10% of total net revenues. 
Finally, the CRR II Regulation imposes disclosure obligations on credit institutions relating to risk 
management objectives and policies, governance arrangements, capital adequacy requirements, 
remuneration policies that have a material impact on the risk profile and leverage. In addition, the 
French Code monétaire et financier imposes additional disclosure requirements to credit institutions, 
including disclosure relating to certain financial indicators, their activities in non-cooperative states 
or territories, and more generally, certain information on their overseas operations. 
Examination 
In addition to the resolution powers set out below, the principal means used by the relevant 
Supervisory Banking Authority to ensure compliance by large deposit banks with applicable 
regulations is the examination of the detailed periodic (monthly or quarterly) financial statements and 
other documents that these banks are required to submit to the relevant Supervisory Banking 
Authority. In the event that any examination were to reveal a material adverse change in the financial 
condition of a bank, an inquiry would be made, which could be followed by an inspection. The 
relevant Supervisory Banking Authority may also inspect banks (including with respect to a bank’s 
foreign subsidiaries and branches, subject to international cooperation agreements) on an 
unannounced basis. 
Deposit Guarantees 
All credit institutions operating in France are required by law to be a member of the deposit and 
resolution guarantee fund (Fonds de garantie des dépôts et de résolution), except branches of 
European Economic Area banks that are covered by their home country’s guarantee system. 
Domestic customer deposits denominated in euros and currencies of the European Economic Area 
are covered up to an amount of €100,000 and securities up to an aggregate value of €70,000, in 
each case per customer and per credit institution. The contribution of each credit institution is 
calculated on the basis of the aggregate deposits and of the risk exposure of such credit institution. 
Additional Funding 
The governor of the Banque de France, as chairman of the ACPR, after requesting the opinion of 
the ACPR, and, for significant banks, of the ECB, can request that the shareholders of a credit 
institution in financial difficulty fund the institution in an amount that may exceed their initial capital 
contribution. However, unless they have agreed to be bound by an express undertaking to the ACPR, 
credit institution shareholders have no legal obligation in this respect and, as a practical matter, such 
a request would likely be made to holders of a significant portion of the institution’s share capital. 
Internal Control Procedures 
French credit institutions are required to establish appropriate internal control systems, including with 
respect to risk management and the creation of appropriate audit trails. French credit institutions are

--- Page 75 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
75 
required to have a system for analysing and measuring risks in order to assess their exposure to 
credit, market, global interest rate, intermediation, liquidity and operational risks. Such system must 
set forth criteria and thresholds allowing the identification of significant incidents revealed by internal 
control procedures. Any fraud generating a gain or loss of a gross amount superior to 0.5% of the 
tier 1 capital is deemed significant provided that such amount is greater than €10,000. 
With respect to credit risks, each credit institution must have a credit risk selection procedure and a 
system for measuring credit risk that permit, inter alia, centralisation of the institution’s on- and off-
balance sheet exposure and for assessing different categories of risk using qualitative and 
quantitative data. With respect to market risks, each credit institution must have systems for 
monitoring, among other things, its proprietary transactions that permit the institution to record on at 
least a day-to-day basis foreign exchange transactions and transactions in the trading book, and to 
measure on at least a day-to-day basis the risks resulting from trading positions in accordance with 
the capital adequacy regulations. The institution must prepare an annual report for review by the 
institution’s board of directors and the relevant Supervisory Banking Authority regarding the 
institution’s internal procedures and the measurement and monitoring of the institution’s exposure. 
Compensation Policy 
French credit institutions and investment firms are required to ensure that their compensation policy 
is compatible with sound risk management principles. The variable component of the total 
compensation of employees whose activities may have a significant impact on the institution’s risk 
exposure should reflect a sustainable and risk-adjusted performance and a significant fraction of this 
performance-based compensation must be non-cash and deferred. Under the CRD IV Directive as 
implemented under French law, the aggregate amount of variable compensation of the above-
mentioned employees cannot exceed the aggregate amount of their fixed salary; the shareholders’ 
meeting may, however, decide to increase this cap to two times their fixed salary. 
Money Laundering 
French credit institutions are required to report to a special government agency (TRACFIN) placed 
under the authority of the French Minister of Economy all amounts registered in their accounts that 
they suspect come from drug trafficking or organized crime, from unusual transactions in excess of 
certain amounts, as well as all amounts and transactions that they suspect to be the result of any 
offense punishable by a minimum sentence of at least one-year imprisonment or that could 
participate in the financing of terrorism.  
French credit institutions are also required to establish “know your customer” procedures allowing 
identification of the customer (as well as the beneficial owner) in any transaction and to have in place 
systems for assessing and managing money laundering and terrorism financing risks in accordance 
with the varying degree of risk attached to the relevant clients and transactions. 
Regulatory Responses to the COVID-19 pandemic 
In response to the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, specific mitigation measures were 
announced and implemented to address the economic impacts of the pandemic on the European 
banking sector. Given that these and other European and national response measures continue to 
evolve in response to the spread of the virus, this discussion is presented as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus and the situation may change, possibly significantly, at any time. 
Supporting measures

--- Page 76 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
76 
The ECB announced a number of measures to ensure that its directly supervised banks can continue 
to fulfil their role in funding the real economy as the economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic 
become apparent.  
In particular, the ECB announced on 12 March 2020 and 30 April 2020 the introduction of additional 
longer-term refinancing operations and the adoption of more favourable terms to existing longer term 
refinancing operations, together with the introduction of an additional €120 billion of net asset 
purchases to be distributed until the end of 2020. 
Further, on 18 March 2020, the ECB decided to launch a new €750 billion pandemic emergency 
purchase program (“PEPP”) of public and private sector securities to counter the serious effects of 
the COVID-19 outbreak and the escalating spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. The PEPP includes 
all asset categories eligible under the pre-existing asset purchase program and also expands the 
categories of eligible assets. The envelope of the PEPP has since been increased to a total of €1,850 
billion, and the time horizon for net purchases under the PEPP, which was set to last at least until 
the end of 2020, has been extended to at least the end of March 2022, and in any case until the 
ECB’s governing council determines that the COVID-19 crisis is over. In addition, the ECB adopted 
on 7 April 2020 a package of temporary collateral easing measures linked to the duration of the 
PEPP in order to facilitate the availability of eligible collateral to participate in liquidity providing 
operations to encourage an increase in bank funding. On 20 April 2020, the Banque de France 
complemented such measures by, inter alia, enlarging the scope of eligible credit claims within its 
jurisdiction.  
On 22 April 2020, the ECB implemented measures to mitigate the impact of possible rating 
downgrades on collateral availability, including the grandfathering until September 2021 of the 
eligibility of marketable assets used as collateral in Eurosystem credit operations and the issuers of 
such assets in the event of a deterioration of their credit rating, where they fulfilled minimum credit 
quality requirements on 7 April 2020 and as long as their rating remains above a certain level. 
The ECB further announced its decision to extend the measures adopted on 7 April 2020 and 22 
April 2020 to June 2022, in order to ensure that banks can make a full use of the Eurosystem’s 
liquidity operations. 
At a national level, legislation and regulatory action have also been adopted in France in response 
to the COVID-19 crisis. This includes, among other things, a €300 billion program of State 
guarantees for loans to French businesses and the suspension of certain taxes and social charges, 
as well as partial subsidies for businesses that pay employees who are unable to work on a full-time 
basis.  
Capital relief measures 
On 12 March 2020, the ECB announced (i) the possibility for banks and financial institutions to 
temporarily operate below the capital requirements set forth in the Pillar 2 guidance and to cover 
their Pillar 2 requirements partially with capital instruments other than CET1 (i.e. with lower ranking 
capital instruments, such as AT1 or T2 instruments), thus bringing forward a measure in CRD V that 
should have come into effect in January 2021, (ii) the possibility for individualized relief measures to 
be agreed to between banks and the ECB, such as rescheduling on-site inspections and extending 
deadlines for the implementation of remediation actions stemming from recent on-site inspections, 
and (iii) the possibility for banks to operate below the requirements set forth under the capital 
conservation buffer and under the liquidity coverage ratio rules.  
In addition, Regulation (EU) No 2020/873 of the European Parliament and of the Council amending 
the CRR II Regulation as regards certain adjustments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, which

--- Page 77 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
77 
entered into force on 27 June 2020 (subject to one provision which will enter into force on 28 June 
2021), purports to improve banks' capacity to lend and to absorb losses related to the COVID-19 
pandemic and, inter alia, defers the application date for the leverage ratio buffer applicable to G-
SIBs to 1 January 2023. In addition, on 17 September 2020, the Governing Council of the ECB 
decided that ‘exceptional circumstances’ justify leverage ratio relief and, accordingly, announced 
that euro-zone banks under its direct supervision (such as the Issuer) may exclude certain central 
bank exposures from the leverage ratio until 27 June 2021. On 22 September 2020, the ACPR 
extended this recommendation to banks under its supervision. 
At a national level, the Banque de France announced on 13 March 2020 in its response to the 
COVID-19 pandemic that it would propose a complete relaxation of the countercyclical buffer from 
0.5% to 0% to address the emergency situation resulting from the outbreak. Further to this 
announcement, the HCSF decided on 1 April 2020 to lower the countercyclical buffer rate to 0% as 
from 2 April 2020, thereby enabling banks to use this buffer that had already been constituted to 
address the emergency situation arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. The HCSF has reconfirmed, 
most recently on 1 April 2021, that it will maintain the countercyclical buffer rate at 0% until further 
notice. 
Supervisory measures 
In its statement on 12 March 2020, the EBA announced that it would postpone EU-wide stress tests 
to 2021 and recommended that competent authorities conduct supervisory activities in a pragmatic 
way and provide flexibility in some areas of required reporting in order to ensure that banks are able 
to prioritize operational continuity without affecting the reporting of crucial financial information 
needed to monitor the financial and prudential situation of European banks. On 9 April 2020, the 
ACPR announced in turn that it will give institutions some leeway in particular in relation to the 
remittance dates of certain prudential and accounting reporting.  
On 27 March 2020, the ECB issued a recommendation revising prior guidance on dividend 
distribution policies and requesting banks to refrain from dividend distributions and share buy-backs 
until at least 1 October 2020 (later extended to 1 January 2021) in light of the impacts of the COVID-
19 pandemic. On 30 March 2020, the ACPR issued a similar recommendation for credit institutions 
under its direct supervision. In its statement dated 31 March 2020, the EBA also reiterated and 
expanded its call to institutions to refrain from the distribution of dividends or share buybacks for the 
purpose of remunerating shareholders. On 27 May 2020, the European Systemic Risk Board (the 
“ESRB”) recommended that at least until 1 January 2021 relevant authorities request financial 
institutions under their supervisory remit to refrain from making dividend distributions or ordinary 
shares buy-backs or creating an obligation to pay a variable remuneration to a material risk taker 
which have the effect of reducing the quantity or quality of own funds at the EU group level (or at the 
individual level where the financial institution is not part of an EU group), and, where appropriate, at 
the sub-consolidated or individual level. On 15 December 2020, the ESRB revised and extended 
this recommendation until 30 September 2021 requesting that relevant authorities ask such financial 
institutions to refrain from distributions that have the effect of reducing the quantity or quality of own 
funds, unless they apply extreme caution in carrying out distributions and the resulting reduction 
does not exceed the conservative threshold set by their competent authority.  On the same date, the 
EBA issued a press release further reiterating its call to banks to refrain from distributing capital 
outside the banking system when deciding on dividends and other distribution policies (including 
share buybacks) unless extreme caution is applied, and requesting that the variable remuneration 
of material risk takers for the performance year 2020 be set at a conservative level. On 16 December 
2020, the ECB issued a revised recommendation requesting significant credit institutions to exercise 
extreme prudence when deciding on or paying out dividends or performing share buy-backs aimed

--- Page 78 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
78 
at remunerating shareholders until 30 September 2021. In an accompanying press release, the ECB 
explains that due to continuing uncertainty over the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, it 
expects dividends and share buy-backs to remain below 15% of the cumulated profit for 2019-20 
and not higher than 20 basis points of the common equity tier 1 ratio, whichever is lower. In a letter 
to banks, the ECB also reiterated its expectations that banks adopt extreme moderation on variable 
remuneration following the same timeline foreseen for dividends and share buy-backs. 
Resolution Measures 
On 15 May 2014, the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted Directive 
(EU) 2014/59 establishing an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions 
and investment firms (the “BRRD”), implemented in France through the 20 August 2015 Decree Law. 
The European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted Directive (EU) 2019/879 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD as regards the 
loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 
(EC) 98/26 (the “BRRD Revision”), which was implemented under French law by the French 
Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 relative au régime de résolution dans le secteur bancaire dated 21 
December 2020. 
This framework, which includes measures to prevent and resolve banking crises, is aimed at 
preserving financial stability, ensuring the continuity of critical functions of institutions whose failure 
would have a significant adverse effect on the financial system, protecting depositors and avoiding, 
or limiting to the extent possible, the need for extraordinary public financial support. To this end, 
European resolution authorities, including the Single Resolution Board, have been given broad 
powers to take any necessary actions in connection with the resolution of all or part of a credit 
institution or the group to which it belongs. 
The Relevant Resolution Authority would favour the “extended single point of entry” (the “extended 
SPE”) strategy if a resolution procedure were commenced in respect of the Crédit Agricole Group – 
as for any other european cooperative banking group – whereby resolution measures would be 
applied simultaneously to Crédit Agricole S.A. (in its capacity as central body of the Crédit Agricole 
Network) and each institution being part of the Crédit Agricole Network, which would together be 
considered as the extended SPE. By operation of the statutory financial support mechanism provided 
for in Article L.511-31 of the French Code monétaire et financier applicable to the institutions that 
are part of the Crédit Agricole Network (see “Statutory Financial Support Mechanism” below) and 
the extended SPE strategy, an individual entity belonging to the Crédit Agricole Network could not 
be individually subject to a resolution procedure. 
The Relevant Resolution Authority could thus decide to implement resolution measures towards 
Crédit Agricole S.A. (in its capacity as central body of the Crédit Agricole Network) and each 
institution being part of the Crédit Agricole Network in a coordinated manner (including write-down 
and/or conversion measures), regardless the entity and the origin of losses. The scope of the 
resolution measures would then be calibrated based on capital requirements calculated on a 
consolidated basis and holders of debt instruments (including the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme) ranking pari passu or entitled to the same rights in liquidation would then be treated 
equaly in resolution regardless the group entity within the Crédit Agricole Network of which they are 
creditors. 
Resolution 
Under the French Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 relative au régime de résolution dans le secteur 
bancaire dated 21 December 2020, the Relevant Resolution Authority (see “The Resolution

--- Page 79 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
79 
Authority” above) may commence resolution procedures in respect of a French institution when the 
Relevant Resolution Authority determines that: 
• 
the institution is failing or likely to fail (on the basis of objective elements);  
• 
there is no reasonable prospect that another action will prevent the failure within a reasonable 
time; and  
• 
a resolution measure is required, and a liquidation procedure would fail, to achieve the 
objectives of the resolution as described above. 
Failure of an institution means that it does not respect requirements for continuing authorisation, it 
is unable to pay its debts or other liabilities when they fall due, it requires extraordinary public 
financial support (subject to limited exceptions), or the value of its liabilities exceeds the value of its 
assets.  
After resolution procedures are commenced, the Relevant Resolution Authority may use one or more 
of several resolution tools with a view to recapitalizing or restoring the viability of the institution, as 
described below. Resolution tools are to be implemented so that shareholders (including, as far as 
Credit Agricole Group is concerned, the holders of cooperative shares, and the holders of CCA and 
CCI) bear losses first, then holders of capital instruments qualifying as additional tier 1 and tier 2 
instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes so long as they constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital), 
and thereafter creditors bear losses in accordance with the order of their claims in normal insolvency 
proceedings, subject to certain exceptions. French law also provides for certain safeguards when 
certain resolution tools and measures are implemented including the “no creditor worse off than 
under normal insolvency proceedings” principle, whereby creditors of the institution under resolution 
should not incur greater losses than they would have incurred had the institution been wound up 
under a liquidation proceeding. 
Limitation on Enforcement 
Article 68 of the BRRD, as transposed in France, provides that certain crisis prevention measures 
and crisis management measures, including the opening of a resolution procedure in respect of 
Crédit Agricole Group (including the Issuer), may not by themselves give rise to a contractual 
enforcement right against the Issuer or the right to modify the Issuer’s obligations, so long as the 
Issuer continues to meet its payment obligations.  
Accordingly, if a resolution procedure is opened in respect of Crédit Agricole Group (including the 
Issuer), holders of the Notes will not have the right to take enforcement actions or to modify the terms 
of the Notes so long as the Issuer continues to meet its payment obligations, although such rights 
are in any event limited by the absence of events of default under such Notes (other than Senior 
Preferred Notes that include Events of Default, for which these limitations will impact acceleration or 
enforcement rights). 
The BRRD Revision extends this requirement to the suspension of payment and delivery obligations 
decided by the Relevant Resolution Authority.  
Write-Down and Conversion of Capital Instruments 
Capital instruments may be written-down or converted to equity or other instruments either in 
connection with (and prior to) the opening of a resolution procedure, or in certain other cases 
described below (without a resolution procedure). Capital instruments for these purposes include 
common equity tier 1 (shares, mutual shares, cooperative investment certificates (CCI) and

--- Page 80 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
80 
cooperative associate certificates (CCA)), additional tier 1 instruments and tier 2 instruments, such 
as the Subordinated Notes so long as they constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital. 
The Relevant Resolution Authority must write-down capital instruments, or convert them to equity or 
other instruments, if it determines that the conditions for the initiation of a resolution procedure have 
been satisfied, the viability of the issuing institution or its group depends on such write-down or 
conversion, or the issuing institution or its group requires extraordinary public support (subject to 
certain exceptions). The principal amount of capital instruments may also be written-down or 
converted to equity or other instruments if (i) the issuing institution or the group to which it belongs 
is failing or likely to fail and the write-down or conversion is necessary to avoid such failure, (ii) the 
viability of the institution depends on the write-down or conversion (and there is no reasonable 
perspective that another measure, including a resolution measure, could avoid the failure of the 
issuing institution or its group in a reasonable time), or (iii) the institution or its group requires 
extraordinary public support (subject to certain exceptions). The failure of an issuing institution is 
determined in the manner described above. The failure of a group is considered to occur or be likely 
if the group breaches its consolidated capital ratios or if such a breach is likely to occur in the near 
term, based on objective evidence (such as the incurrence of substantial losses that are likely to 
deplete the group’s own funds).  
If one or more of these conditions is met, common equity tier 1 instruments are first written-down, 
transferred to creditors or, if the institution enters in resolution and its net assets are positive, 
significantly diluted by the conversion of other capital instruments and eligible liabilities. Once this 
has occurred, other capital instruments (first additional tier 1 instruments, then tier 2 instruments 
such as the Subordinated Notes so long as they constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital) are either 
written-down or converted to common equity tier 1 instruments or other instruments (which are also 
subject to possible write-down). 
The Bail-in Tool 
Once a resolution procedure is initiated, the powers provided to the Relevant Resolution Authority 
include the “Bail-in Tool”, meaning the power to write-down bail-inable liabilities of a credit institution 
in resolution, or to convert them to equity. Bail-inable liabilities include all non-excluded liabilities, 
including subordinated debt instruments not qualifying as capital instruments (such as the 
Subordinated Notes issued after 28 December 2020 if and when they are fully excluded from Tier 2 
Capital), unsecured senior non-preferred debt instruments (such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
and unsecured senior preferred debt instruments (such as the Senior Preferred Notes). The Bail-in 
Tool may also be applied to any liabilities that are capital instruments and that remain outstanding 
at the time the Bail-in Tool is applied. 
In the event the Crédit Agricole Group (including the Issuer) is placed in resolution, the Relevant 
Resolution Authority could decide to apply the Bail-in Tool to the capital instruments and bail-inable 
liabilities mentioned above in order to absorb losses, meaning fully or partially writing down the 
nominal value of these instruments or (except in the case of shares) converting them into equity, in 
accordance with the principles described under the heading “Resolution Measures” above. 
Before the Relevant Resolution Authority may exercise the Bail-in Tool in respect of bail-inable 
liabilities, capital instruments must first be written-down or converted to equity or other instruments, 
in the following order of priority: (i) common equity tier 1 instruments are to be written-down first, (ii) 
additional tier 1 instruments issued before 28 December 2020 and additional tier 1 instruments 
issued after 28 December 2020 so long as they remain totally or partly qualified as such are to be 
written-down or converted into common equity tier 1 instruments, and (iii) tier 2 capital instruments

--- Page 81 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
81 
issued before 28 December 2020 and tier 2 capital instruments issued after 28 December 2020 so 
long as they remain totally or partly qualified as such (such as the Subordinated Notes so long as 
they constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital) are to be written-down or converted to common equity 
tier 1 instruments. Once this has occurred, the Bail-in Tool may be used to write-down or convert 
bail-inable liabilities as follows: (i) subordinated debt instruments other than capital instruments (such 
as the Subordinated Notes issued after 28 December 2020 if and when they are fully excluded from 
Tier 2 Capital) are to be written-down or converted into common equity tier 1 instruments in 
accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings, and (ii) other bail-inable 
liabilities (including the Subordinated Notes issued after 28 December 2020 if and when they are 
fully excluded from Tier 2 Capital) are to be written-down or converted into common equity tier 1 
instruments, in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. In this 
regard, unsecured senior non-preferred debt instruments (such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
would be written-down or converted to equity before any Senior Preferred Obligations (such as the 
Senior Preferred Notes) of the Issuer and the subordinated debt instruments not qualifying as capital 
instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes issued after 28 December 2020 if and when they are 
fully excluded from Tier 2 Capital) would be written-down or converted to equity before any 
unsecured senior non-preferred debt instruments (such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
Instruments of the same ranking are generally written-down or converted into equity on a pro rata 
basis.  
As a result of the foregoing, if the Relevant Resolution Authority decides to implement the Bail-in 
Tool as part of the implementation of such resolution procedure, the principal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes (so long as they constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital) must first be fully 
written-down or converted to equity (to the extent this has not already occurred). In addition, common 
equity tier 1 instruments into which the Subordinated Notes were previously converted would also 
be subject to write-down prior to the application of the Bail-in Tool. 
Other resolution measures 
In addition to the Bail-in Tool, the Relevant Resolution Authority is provided with broad powers to 
implement other resolution measures with respect to failing institutions or, under certain 
circumstances, their groups, which may include (without limitation): the total or partial sale of the 
institution’s business to a third party or a bridge institution, the separation of assets, the replacement 
or substitution of the institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to the terms 
of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or 
imposing a temporary suspension on payments), discontinuing the listing and admission to trading 
of financial instruments, the dismissal and/or replacement of directors and/or managers or the 
appointment of a temporary administrator (administrateur spécial) and the issuance of new equity or 
own funds. 
When using its powers, the Relevant Resolution Authority must take into account the situation of the 
concerned group or institution under resolution, in accordance with the principles described under 
the heading “Resolution Measures” above, and potential consequences of its decisions in the 
concerned EEA Member States.  
Recovery and resolution plans 
Each institution or group must prepare a recovery plan (plan préventif de rétablissement) that will be 
reviewed by the Supervisory Banking Authority. Entities already supervised on a consolidated basis 
are not subject to this obligation on an individual basis as they must prepare a group recovery plan 
to be reviewed by the Supervisory Banking Authority. The Relevant Resolution Authority is in turn

--- Page 82 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
82 
required to prepare a resolution plan (plan préventif de résolution) or a group resolution plan (plan 
préventif de résolution de groupe) for such institution or group: 
a) 
recovery plans must set out measures contemplated in case of a significant deterioration of an 
institution’s financial situation. Such plans must be updated on a yearly basis (or immediately 
following a significant change in an institution’s organisation or business). The Supervisory 
Banking Authority must assess the recovery plan to determine whether the implementation of 
the arrangements proposed is reasonably likely to maintain or restore the viability and financial 
position of the institution or of the group, also review whether the plan could impede the 
resolution powers if a resolution is commenced, and, as necessary, can require modifications 
or request changes in an institution’s organisation;  
b) 
resolution plans prepared by the Relevant Resolution Authority must provide for the resolution 
actions which the resolution authority may take where the institution meets the conditions for 
resolution and set out, in advance of any failure, how the various resolution powers set out 
above are to be implemented for each institution, given its specific circumstances. Such plans 
must also be updated on a yearly basis (or immediately following a significant change in an 
institution’s organisation or business). 
The Single Resolution Fund 
As of 1 January 2016, the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation provides for the establishment 
of a single resolution fund that may be used by the Single Resolution Board to support a resolution 
plan (the “Single Resolution Fund”). The Single Resolution Fund has replaced national resolution 
funds implemented pursuant to the BRRD with respect to significant banks such as the Issuer. This 
Single Resolution Fund is financed by contributions raised from banks (such contributions are based 
on the amount of each bank’s liabilities, excluding own funds and covered deposits, and adjusted for 
risks). The Single Resolution Fund will be gradually built up during an eight-year period (2016-2023) 
and shall reach at least 1% of covered deposits by 31 December 2023. As at July 2020, the Single 
Resolution Fund had approximately €42 billion available.  
Statutory Financial Support Mechanism 
The resolution framework described above does not affect the statutory financial support mechanism 
provided for in Article L.511-31 of the French Code monétaire et financier and applicable to the 
institutions that are part of the Crédit Agricole Network as defined in Article L.512-18 of the same 
code (i.e., the Regional Banks, the Local Banks, the Issuer (as central body) and its affiliated 
members which are, as of the date hereof, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and 
BforBank).  
This statutory financial support mechanism requires the Issuer, as the central body of the Crédit 
Agricole Network, to take any necessary action to guarantee the liquidity and solvency of each 
member of the Crédit Agricole Network and of the Network as a whole. Each member or affiliate of 
the Crédit Agricole Network benefits from this statutory financial support mechanism and contributes 
thereto. 
The general provisions of the French Code monétaire et financier related to the financial support 
mechanism have been supplemented by internal rules that provide for operational measures to be 
deployed in the context of the statutory financial support mechanism. In particular, these measures 
include the Guarantee Fund established to assist the Issuer in exercising its role as central body of 
the Crédit Agricole Network and to enable it to take action with respect to members or affiliates of 
the Crédit Agricole Network that may encounter financial difficulties.

--- Page 83 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
83 
The Issuer believes that, in practice, the statutory financial support mechanism would be exercised 
prior to the implementation of any resolution measures. The commencement of a resolution 
procedure with respect to the Crédit Agricole Group would thus imply that the statutory financial 
support mechanism was insufficient to address the failure of one or more members of the Crédit 
Agricole Network, and hence of the Crédit Agricole Network as a whole.  
In addition, the Regional Banks guarantee, jointly and severally, through the 1988 Guarantee, all of 
the obligations of the Issuer to third parties, should the assets of the Issuer be insufficient after its 
liquidation or dissolution. The potential liability of the Regional Banks under the 1988 Guarantee is 
equal to the aggregate of their share capital, reserves and retained earnings. However, the 
application of the resolution regimes to the Crédit Agricole Group is likely to limit the cases in which 
a demand for payment may be made under the 1988 Guarantee, insofar as the statutory financial 
support mechanism would be applied before a resolution procedure is commenced and resolution 
measures would diminish the risk of liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer. 
MREL and TLAC 
To ensure that the Bail-in Tool will be effective if it is ever needed, institutions are required to maintain 
a minimum level of own funds and eligible liabilities, calculated as a percentage of their total risk 
exposure amount and their total exposure measure based on certain criteria including systemic 
importance. The percentage will be determined for each institution by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. This minimum level is known as the “minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities” or MREL. In accordance with the BRRD II, the deadline for institutions to comply with the 
MREL shall be 1 January 2024, unless the Resolution Authorities set a longer transitional period on 
the basis of criteria set forth in the BRRD II. In addition, the Resolution Authorities will determine 
intermediate target levels for the MREL that credit institutions shall comply with at 1 January 2022, 
to ensure a linear build-up of own funds and eligible liabilities towards the requirement. In the context 
of its COVID-19 relief measures, the Single Resolution Board announced in a 25 March 2020 letter 
to the banks that it stands ready to adjust MREL targets in line with capital requirements to take into 
account such relief measures. 
Specific MREL and TLAC requirements shall apply to G-SIBs, including the Crédit Agricole Group. 
On 9 November 2015, the Financial Stability Board (the “FSB”) proposed in the FSB TLAC Term 
Sheet that G-SIBs (including the Crédit Agricole Group) maintain significant amounts of liabilities 
that are subordinated (by law, contract or structurally) to certain priority liabilities that are excluded 
from these so-called “TLAC” (or “total loss-absorbing capacity”) requirements, such as guaranteed 
or insured deposits and derivatives. The TLAC requirements are intended to ensure that losses are 
absorbed by shareholders and creditors, other than creditors in respect of excluded liabilities, rather 
than being borne by government support systems. The TLAC requirement imposes a level of 
“Minimum TLAC” determined individually for each G-SIB, in an amount at least equal to (i) 16% of 
risk-weighted assets through 1 January 2022 and 18% thereafter, and (ii) 6% of the Basel III leverage 
ratio denominator through 1 January 2022 and 6.75% thereafter (each of which could be extended 
by additional firm-specific requirements or buffer requirements).  
The CRD V and the BRRD Revision give effect to the FSB TLAC Term Sheet and modifies the 
requirements applicable to MREL by implementing and integrating the TLAC requirements into the 
general MREL rules thereby avoiding duplication from the application of two parallel requirements 
and ensuring that both requirements are met with largely similar instruments. Under the CRR II 
Regulation, G-SIBs are required to comply with the two Minimum TLAC requirements mentioned 
above, in an amount at least equal to (i) 16% of the total risk exposure through 1 January 2022 and

--- Page 84 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
84 
18% thereafter, and (ii) 6% of the total exposure measure through 1 January 2022 and 6.75% 
thereafter (i.e. a Pillar 1 requirement).  
The BRRD II also provides that Resolution Authorities shall be able, on the basis of bank-specific 
assessments, to require that G-SIBs comply with a supplementary MREL requirement (i.e. a Pillar 2 
add-on requirement). 
The TLAC requirements will apply in addition to capital requirements applicable to the Crédit Agricole 
Group. For an estimate of the TLAC ratio of the Crédit Agricole Group as of 31 December 2020, 
please see the Amendment A.01 to the 2020 URD, and in particular on pages 117 to 120.  
On 9 December 2016, French law was amended to allow French credit institutions to issue TLAC-
eligible instruments ranking senior to ordinary subordinated instruments. Pursuant to this 
modification, Article L.613-30-3-I-4° of the French Code monétaire et financier provides that debt 
securities issued by any French credit institution after 11 December 2016, with a minimum maturity 
of one year, which are non-structured and whose terms and conditions provide that their ranking is 
as set forth in Article L.613-30-3-I-4° shall rank junior to any other non-subordinated liability 
(including the Senior Preferred Notes) of such credit institution in a judicial liquidation proceeding. 
On 3 August 2018, Article R.613-28 of the French Code monétaire et financier, further completed 
Article L.613-30-3-I-4° by defining the characteristics of non-structured debt securities, setting in 
particular their maturity to more than one year. Pursuant to the French Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 
relative au régime de résolution dans le secteur bancaire dated 21 December 2020, Article L.613-
30-3-I-4° of the French Code monétaire et financier was amended to implement new Article 44 bis 
of the BRRD II and provide that any such debt securities issued as from 28 December 2020 shall be 
issued with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 50,000. On 12 December 2017, the European 
Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted Directive (EU) 2017/2399 amending the 
BRRD to harmonise the ranking of unsecured debt instruments issued inter alia by credit institutions 
under the national laws governing normal insolvency proceedings, and introduce appropriate 
grandfathering provisions for the eligibility of existing liabilities. French law already complies with 
these European requirements. 
The CRR II Regulation also allows liabilities that rank pari passu with certain TLAC excluded liabilities 
(such as the Senior Preferred Notes) under certain circumstances to count towards the minimum 
TLAC requirements in an amount up to 2.5% of the total risk exposure as from 27 June 2019 until 
31 December 2021 and up to 3.5% thereafter. 
Implementation of Article 48(7) of BRRD II under French law 
French law was amended by French Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 relative au régime de résolution 
dans le secteur bancaire dated 21 December 2020 to implement new Article 48(7) of the BRRD II 
which provides that EEA Member States shall ensure that all claims resulting from own funds 
instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes so long as they constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital) 
have, in normal insolvency proceedings, a lower priority ranking than any claim that does not result 
from own funds instruments. Pursuant to this modification, the new Article L.613-30-3-I-5° of the 
French Code monétaire et financier provides that among the subordinated creditors, creditors in 
respect of any securities, claims, instruments or subordinated rights which are not, or have not been 
before 28 December 2020, treated as additional tier 1 instruments or tier 2 instruments shall rank 
senior to creditors in respect of any securities, claims, instruments or subordinated rights which are, 
or have been before 28 December 2020, treated as additional tier 1 instruments or tier 2 instruments, 
fully or partly. Consequently, any Subordinated Notes or other capital instruments (including 
instruments initially ranking lower than the Subordinated Notes, such as additional tier 1 instruments)

--- Page 85 ---
Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France 
85 
issued after 28 December 2020 will, if they are no longer fully recognised as capital instruments, 
change ranking so they will rank senior to the Subordinated Notes so long as they constitute, fully or 
partly, Tier 2 Capital.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
These Terms and Conditions of English Law Notes shall be applicable to all Notes issued pursuant 
to Final Terms for English Law Notes. 
The following are the terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) of the Notes to be issued under 
English Law that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms 
for English Law Notes, shall be applicable to the English Law Notes in definitive form (the “Definitive 
Notes”) (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) or the Global Certificate(s), as applicable, 
representing each Series. Either (i) the full text of these Conditions together with the relevant 
provisions of the related Final Terms or (ii) these Conditions as so completed (and subject to 
simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on or attached to such 
Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to 
them, as the case may be, in the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus or in the relevant 
Final Terms, in which latter case these definitions will be endorsed on the Definitive Notes. 
References in the Conditions to (i) “Notes” are to the English Law Notes of one Series only, not to 
all Notes that may be issued under the Programme, (ii) “Senior Notes” are to the Senior Notes of 
one Series only, not to all Senior Notes that may be issued under the Programme, (iii) “Senior 
Preferred Notes” are to the Senior Preferred Notes of one Series only, not to all Senior Preferred 
Notes that may be issued under the Programme, (iv) “Senior Non-Preferred Notes” are to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes of one Series only, not to all Senior Non-Preferred Notes that may be 
issued under the Programme and (v) “Subordinated Notes” are to the Subordinated Notes of one 
Series only, not to all Subordinated Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued outside France pursuant to an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement 
dated 12 April 2021 between the Issuer, Crédit Agricole S.A. as fiscal agent, principal paying agent 
and calculation agent, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as registrar, exchange agent, transfer agent, 
issuing agent and DTC paying agent and the other agents named in it (as further amended or 
supplemented from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) and with the benefit of an Amended and 
Restated Deed of Covenant dated 12 April 2021 executed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes (as 
further amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”). On 26 May 2010, 
the Issuer also entered into an agreement with respect to Notes to be issued in NGN form or NSS 
securities (the “ICSDs Agreement”) with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, together with Euroclear, for the purposes of the ICSDs Agreement, the “International 
Central Securities Depositaries” or the “ICSDs”). The fiscal agent, the registrar, the paying agents, 
the exchange agent, the issuing agent, the DTC paying agent, the transfer agents, the Paris paying 
agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as 
the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Registrar” the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal 
Agent), the “Exchange Agent”, the “Issuing Agent”, the “DTC Paying Agent”, the “Transfer 
Agents”, the “Paris Paying Agent”, the “Calculation Agent(s) and all together the “Agents”. The 
Noteholders, the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) appertaining to interest bearing 
Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons (the “Talons”) for further Coupons 
(the “Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal 
(the “Receipts”) relating to Notes of which the principal is payable in instalments (the 
“Receiptholders”), are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement 
applicable to them. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant can be obtained by the Noteholders, 
upon demand, from the Paying Agents. In addition, provisions of the Agency Agreement relating to

--- Page 87 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
87 
meetings of Noteholders are published on the website of the Issuer (https://www.credit-
agricole.com/pdfPreview/187729). 
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Method of Issue 
(a) 
Form and Denomination(s) 
The Notes may be issued either in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered 
form (“Registered Notes”), in each case in the Specified Currency and the 
Specified Denomination(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms save that (i) the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, and (ii) unless otherwise 
set forth in the relevant Final Terms, Rule 144A Notes shall be in minimum 
denominations of U.S.$100,000 (or its equivalent in the currency in which such 
Notes are denominated, if different, rounded upwards as agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealers) and Section 4(a)(2) Notes shall be in minimum 
denominations of U.S.$500,000 (or its equivalent as aforesaid). 
All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination. 
The Notes may be either Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed Rate Resettable Notes, Floating 
Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, CMS Linked Notes, Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, 
Instalment Notes or Zero Coupon Notes, or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms and depending upon the 
Interest and Redemption Basis specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where 
appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes (in which 
case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the maturity 
date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Maturity Date”)), Coupons and 
Talons in these Conditions are not applicable). Instalment Notes (as defined below) 
are issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
Save as provided in Condition 2 (No Exchange of Notes and Transfers of 
Registered Notes), each Registered Note in the form of a definitive registered note 
or other certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes of the 
same Series by the same holder. 
(b) 
Title 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by 
delivery.  
Title to the Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the register which the 
Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”).  
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest in it, any writing on it or 
its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.

--- Page 88 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
88 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note and the 
Receipts relating to it or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered 
(as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) 
means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or the person in 
whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be). 
(c) 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.  
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more issue date 
(each, an “Issue Date”) and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in 
respect of the first payment of interest and the issue price), the Notes of each 
Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. 
Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different 
Issue Dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be supplemented, where necessary, 
with supplemental terms and conditions and, save in respect of the Issue Date, the 
issue price, the interest commencement date, the aggregate nominal amount and 
the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon, will be identical to the 
terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the relevant final 
terms to this Base Prospectus (the “Final Terms”).  
2 
No Exchange of Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
No Exchange of Notes 
Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered 
Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the 
specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the relevant Registered 
Note to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such 
Registered Note duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the 
Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of 
part only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Registered Note, a 
new Registered Note shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part 
transferred and a further new Registered Note in respect of the balance of the 
holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. In the case of a transfer of 
Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new 
Registered Note representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against 
surrender of the Registered Note representing the existing holding.

--- Page 89 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
89 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer’s or Noteholder’s option in respect of, or a 
partial redemption of, a holding represented by a single Registered Note, a new 
Registered Note shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option 
or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial 
exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having 
different terms, separate Registered Notes shall be issued in respect of those 
Notes of that holding that have the same terms. New Registered Notes shall only 
be issued against surrender of the existing Registered Notes to the Registrar or 
any Transfer Agent. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Registered Notes 
Each new Registered Note to be issued pursuant to Condition 2(b) (Transfer of 
Registered Notes) or Condition 2(c) (Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in 
Respect of Registered Notes) shall be available for delivery within three business 
days of receipt of the request for exchange, form of transfer or Exercise Notice or 
surrender of the Registered Note for exchange. Delivery of the new Registered 
Note shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or the Registrar 
(as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such request for exchange, 
form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Registered Note shall have been made or, at 
the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as 
specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or 
otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled 
to the new Registered Note to such address as may be so specified, unless such 
holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Agent (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement) the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such 
insurance as it may specify.  
For the purposes of this Condition 2(d), “business day” means a day, other than 
a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the 
specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may 
be). 
(e) 
Transfer Free of Charge 
Transfers of Registered Notes on registration, transfer, partial redemption or 
exercise of an option will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, 
the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment (or the giving of such 
indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require in respect 
thereof) of any tax or other governmental charges which may be imposed in 
relation to it. 
(f) 
Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (i) 
during the period of fifteen (15) calendar days ending on the due date for 
redemption of, or payment of any Instalment Amount in respect of, that Note, (ii) 
during the period of fifteen (15) calendar days prior to any date on which Notes

--- Page 90 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
90 
may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 6(e) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), (iii) after any such Note has been called 
for redemption in whole or in part or (iv) during the period of seven (7) calendar 
days ending on (and including) any Record Date.  
3 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes may be either senior Notes (the “Senior Notes”) or subordinated Notes (the 
“Subordinated Notes”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(a) 
Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes may be either senior preferred Notes (the “Senior Preferred 
Notes”) or senior non-preferred Notes (the “Senior Non-Preferred Notes”), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Senior Preferred Notes 
The Senior Preferred Notes (being those Notes which the relevant Final 
Terms specify as being Senior Preferred Notes) are Senior Preferred 
Obligations.  
The principal and interest on the Senior Preferred Notes constitute, with the 
Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons relating to them (if any), direct, 
unconditional, senior (chirographaires) and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer, and rank and shall at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu among themselves and with other Senior Preferred 
Obligations of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
senior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer and any 
obligations ranking junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; and 
(iii) 
junior to all present and future claims benefiting from statutory 
preferences. 
If and to the extent permitted by the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations, the 
Issuer may treat the Senior Preferred Notes, for regulatory purposes, as 
MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments under the Applicable MREL/TLAC 
Regulations, but in such case, the obligations of the Issuer and the rights of 
the Noteholders under the Senior Preferred Notes shall not be affected if the 
Senior Preferred Notes no longer qualify as MREL/TLAC-Eligible 
Instruments. However, in such circumstances, (i) the Issuer may redeem the 
Senior Preferred Notes in accordance with Condition 6(c) (Redemption of 
Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event), if a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event Call Option is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, or (ii) in accordance with Condition 7 (Substitution 
and Variation), if “Substitution and Variation” is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option, elect either to 
(x) substitute all (but not some only) of the Senior Preferred Notes or 
(y) modify the terms of all (but not some only) of such the Senior Preferred 
Notes, in each case so that they become or remain Qualifying Senior Notes,

--- Page 91 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
91 
provided in particular that the terms of such Qualifying Senior Notes may not 
be materially less favourable to Noteholders than the original terms of the 
related Senior Preferred Notes, as reasonably determined by the Issuer.  
“Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” means any obligations or other 
instruments issued by the Issuer which fall or are expressed to fall within the 
category of obligations described in Articles L.613-30-3-I-4° and R.613-28 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier. 
“Senior Preferred Obligations” means any obligations or other instruments 
issued by the Issuer which fall or are expressed to fall within the category of 
obligations described in Article L.613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code monétaire 
et financier. For the avoidance of doubt, all unsubordinated debt securities 
issued by the Issuer prior to the entry into force of Article L.613-30-3-I-4° of 
the French Code monétaire et financier constitute Senior Preferred 
Obligations. 
(ii) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes (being those Notes which the relevant Final 
Terms specify as being Senior Non-Preferred Notes) are Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations as provided for in Articles L.613-30-3-I-4° and R.613-
28 of the French Code monétaire et financier.  
The principal and interest on the Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute, with 
the Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons relating to them (if any), direct, 
unconditional, senior (chirographaires) and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer, and rank and shall at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu among themselves and with other Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
senior to Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
junior to Senior Preferred Obligations of the Issuer and all present and 
future claims benefiting from statutory preferences. 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court 
declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, the 
Noteholders will have a right to payment under the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and the Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons relating to them (if any): 
(i) 
only after and subject to payment in full of holders of Senior Preferred 
Obligations and other present and future claims benefiting from 
statutory preferences or otherwise ranking in priority to Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations; and 
(ii) 
subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of Ordinarily 
Subordinated Obligations of the Issuer and other present and future 
claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations. 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be 
treated, for regulatory purposes, as MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments under 
the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations but that the obligations of the Issuer 
and the rights of the Noteholders under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall

--- Page 92 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
92 
not be affected if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes no longer qualify as 
MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments. However, in such circumstances, (i) the 
Issuer may redeem the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with 
Condition 6(c) (Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event), if a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event Call Option is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, or (ii) in accordance with 
Condition 7 (Substitution and Variation), the Issuer may, at its option, elect 
either to (x)  substitute all (but not some only) of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or (y) modify the terms of all (but not some only) of such the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, in each case so that they become or remain Qualifying 
Senior Notes, provided in particular that the terms of such Qualifying Senior 
Notes may not be materially less favourable to Noteholders than the original 
terms of the related Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as reasonably determined 
by the Issuer.  
“Ordinarily 
Subordinated 
Obligations” 
means 
any 
subordinated 
obligations or other instruments issued by the Issuer which constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes (being those Notes which the relevant Final Terms specify 
as being Subordinated Notes) are issued pursuant to the provisions of Article 
L.228-97 of the French Code de commerce and are subordinated instruments as 
provided for in Article L.613-30-3-I-5° of the French Code monétaire et financier.  
The principal and interest on the Subordinated Notes constitute, with the Receipts, 
Talons and/or Coupons relating to them (if any), direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and subordinated obligations of the Issuer, and rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
so long as the Subordinated Notes constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital , 
pari passu with (a) any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which 
constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and (b) any other present 
and future direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank equally with the Subordinated 
Notes;  
(iii) 
if and when the Subordinated Notes are fully excluded from Tier 2 Capital,  
(a) 
senior to (x) any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which 
constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and any other 
present and future direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank equally with 
them and (y) any other present and future direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are 
expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes; 
(b) 
pari passu with any other present and future direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are

--- Page 93 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
93 
expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes which are 
fully excluded from Tier 2 Capital; 
(iv) 
senior to any present and future prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, titres 
participatifs issued by the Issuer and deeply subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer 
(engagements 
dits 
"super 
subordonnés" 
or 
engagements 
subordonnés de dernier rang); and 
(v) 
junior to all present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
(including obligations towards depositors) of the Issuer and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer other than the present or future obligations of the 
Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the 
Subordinated Notes. 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court 
declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer 
is liquidated for any other reason, the Noteholders will have a right to payment 
under the Subordinated Notes and the Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons relating 
to them (if any):  
(i) 
subordinated to the payment in full of creditors in respect of all present and 
future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations (including obligations 
towards depositors) of the Issuer and subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
other than the present or future obligations of the Issuer that rank or are 
expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the Subordinated Notes; and  
(ii) 
subject to such payment in full, in priority to: 
(a) 
any prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, any titres participatifs 
issued by it and any deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
(engagements dits “super subordonnés” or engagements subordonnés 
de dernier rang); and  
(b) 
if and when the Subordinated Notes are fully excluded from Tier 2 
Capital, (x) any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which 
constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and any other 
present and future direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank equally with 
them and (y) any other present and future direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are 
expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes. 
In the event of incomplete payment of all present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations (including obligations towards depositors) of the Issuer 
and subordinated obligations of the Issuer other than the present or future 
obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior 
to the Subordinated Notes, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the 
Subordinated Notes will be terminated.  
If an insolvency proceeding or voluntary liquidation applies to the Issuer, the 
holders of the Subordinated Notes shall be responsible for taking all steps 
necessary to preserve the rights they may have against the Issuer.

--- Page 94 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
94 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Subordinated Notes shall, (i) for supervisory 
purposes, be treated as Tier 2 Capital, and (ii) for regulatory purposes, be treated 
as MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments under the Applicable MREL/TLAC 
Regulations, but that the obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes 
shall not be affected and the rights of the Noteholders under the Subordinated 
Notes shall not be negatively affected if the Subordinated Notes no longer qualify 
as Tier 2 Capital and/or MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments. However, in such 
circumstances, (i) the Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance 
with, as applicable, Condition 6(c) (Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event) if a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event Call 
Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and/or Condition 6(d) 
(Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to Subordinated 
Notes), or (ii) in accordance with Condition 7 (Substitution and Variation), the 
Issuer may, at its option, elect either to (x) substitute all (but not some only) of the 
Subordinated Notes or (y) modify the terms of all (but not some only) of such the 
Subordinated Notes, in each case so that they become or remain Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes, provided in particular that the terms of such Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes may not be materially less favourable to Noteholders than the 
original terms of the related Subordinated Notes, as reasonably determined by the 
Issuer. 
For a description of the risks related to a change to a more senior rank of any 
Subordinated Notes or other capital instruments (including instruments initially 
ranking junior to the Subordinated Notes, such as additional tier 1 instruments) 
issued after 28 December 2020, if they are no longer fully recognised as capital 
instruments, pursuant to Article L.613-30-3-I-5° of the French Code monétaire et 
financier created by the French Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 relative au régime de 
résolution dans le secteur bancaire dated 21 December 2020 implementing under 
French law Article 48(7) of the BRRD II, please refer to the risk factor entitled 
« Subordinated Notes are subordinated obligations and are junior to certain 
obligations » and to the paragraph entitled “Implementation of Article 48(7) of 
BRRD II under French law” in the section “Government Supervision and Regulation 
of Credit institutions in France”. 
Without prejudice to the provisions of this Condition 3, if any Statutory Loss Absorption 
Power were to be exercised as further described in Condition 19 (Statutory Write-Down 
or Conversion), losses would in principle be borne (i) first by the holders of capital 
instruments in the following order of priority: (x) holders of common equity tier 1 
instruments, (y) holders of additional tier 1 instruments issued before 28 December 2020, 
and holders of additional tier 1 instruments issued after 28 December 2020 so long as 
they remain totally or partly qualified as such, and (z) holders of tier 2 capital instruments 
issued before 28 December 2020, and holders of tier 2 capital instruments issued after 
28 December 2020 so long as they remain totally or partly qualified as such (such as the 
Subordinated Notes so long as they constitue, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital), (ii) then by 
the holders of bail-inable liabilities in the following order of priority: (x) subordinated debt 
instruments other than capital instruments (including, without limitation, the Subordinated 
Notes issued after 28 December 2020 if and when they are fully excluded from Tier 2 
Capital) in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings, 
and (y) other bail-inable liabilities in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal

--- Page 95 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
95 
insolvency proceedings so that losses would in principle be borne first by holders of 
unsecured senior non-preferred debt instruments (such as the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) and then by holders of unsecured senior preferred debt instruments (such as the 
Senior Preferred Notes). For more information on the consequences of a resolution 
procedure initiated in respect of Crédit Agricole Group (including the Issuer) in 
accordance with the provisions of the BRRD II, please refer to the section entitled 
“Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France” and the section 
entitled “Risk factors”. 
4 
No Negative Pledge 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
The Notes may be either fixed rate Notes (the “Fixed Rate Notes”), Fixed Rate 
Resettable Notes, fixed to floating rate Notes (the “Fixed / Floating Rate Notes”), 
floating rate Notes (the “Floating Rate Notes”), Inflation Linked Notes, CMS Linked 
Notes, Instalment Notes or zero coupon Notes (the “Zero Coupons Notes”), in each 
case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Resettable Notes 
(i) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The Interest Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 5(j) (Calculations). 
If a fixed amount of interest (“Fixed Coupon Amount”) or a broken amount 
of interest (“Broken Amount”) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
relevant Interest Period will amount (i) to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, (ii) to the Broken Amount so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Resettable Notes 
If a Fixed Rate Note is specified in the relevant Final Terms as resettable (a 
“Fixed Rate Resettable Note”), the Rate of Interest will initially be a fixed 
rate and will then be resettable as provided below: 
The Rate of Interest in respect of an Interest Period will be as follows: 
(i) 
for each Interest Period falling in the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date, 
the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
for each Interest Period falling in the First Reset Period, the First Reset 
Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Interest Period in any Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Period.

--- Page 96 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
96 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(a)(ii): 
“CMT Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset 
Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent and expressed as a percentage equal to: 
(i) 
the yield for U.S. treasury securities at “constant maturity” for the 
relevant CMT Rate Maturity, as published in the H.15(519) under the 
caption “Treasury constant maturities (Nominal)”, as that yield is 
displayed, for the particular Reset Determination Date, on the CMT 
Rate Screen Page;  
(ii) 
if the yield referred to in (i) above is not published by 4:00 p.m. (New 
York City time) on the CMT Rate Screen Page on such Reset 
Determination Date, the yield for U.S. treasury securities at “constant 
maturity” for a designated maturity of five years as published in the 
H.15(519) under the caption “Treasury constant maturities (Nominal)” 
for such Reset Determination Date; or 
(iii) 
if the yield referred to in (ii) above is not published by 4:30 p.m. (New 
York City time) on such Reset Determination Date, the rate calculated 
by the Calculation Agent as being a yield-to-maturity based on the 
Reference Government Bond Price at approximately 4:30 p.m. (New 
York City time) on such Reset Determination Date; 
“CMT Rate (JGB)” means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset 
Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent and expressed as a percentage equal to: 
(i) 
the yield for Japanese government bonds at “constant maturity” for the 
relevant CMT Rate Maturity, as published on the website of Ministry of 
Finance of Japan under the caption “Interest Rate” or any successor 
page or service (the “CMT Rate (JGB) Screen Page”), as that yield is 
displayed, for the particular Reset Determination Date, on such Reset 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if the yield referred to in (i) above is not published by 4:30 p.m. (Tokyo 
Time) on the CMT Rate (JGB) Screen Page on such Reset 
Determination Date, the rate calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
being a yield-to-maturity based on the Reference Government Bond 
Price at approximately 4:30 p.m. (Tokyo Time) on such Reset 
Determination Date;   
 “CMT Rate Maturity” means the designated maturity for the CMT Rate or 
CMT Rate (JGB), as applicable, to be used for the determination of the Reset 
Reference Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“CMT Rate Screen Page” means page H15T5Y on the Bloomberg L.P. 
service or any successor service or such other page as may replace that 
page on that service for the purpose of displaying “Treasury constant 
maturities” as reported in the H.15(519); 
“First Reset Date” has the meaning specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;

--- Page 97 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
97 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if none, the Maturity Date; 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of 
the Reset Reference Rate for the First Reset Period and the First Margin; 
“First Margin” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean 
of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency 
equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are 
payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day 
count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap 
transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal 
to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
(ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good 
credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg equivalent to the Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for 
floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent); 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means LIBOR, EURIBOR or 
any other reference rate as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, or 
such other rate, if any, as will have generally replaced LIBOR, EURIBOR or 
any other reference rate specified in the relevant Final Terms in the relevant 
market at the relevant time for purposes of the Mid-Market Swap Rate as 
determined by the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and pursuant to the terms set forth 
in paragraph (c) of the definition of Mid-Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Swap Maturity” has the meaning specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Period:  
(a) the mid-swap rate for swaps in the Specified Currency, with a term 
equal to such Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset 
Date, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page (the “Screen Page 
Mid-Swap Rate”) as at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(b) If on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not

--- Page 98 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
98 
available, or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date, except as provided in paragraph (c) below, 
the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reset Reference 
Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotation as at approximately the Relevant Time on the Reset 
Determination Date in question. 
If at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the Mid-Swap Rate for 
the relevant Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards)) of the relevant quotations provided, eliminating 
the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) 
and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
lowest), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If only two relevant quotations are provided, the Mid-Swap Rate for 
the relevant Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
aforesaid) of the relevant quotations provided, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
If only one relevant quotation is provided, the Mid-Swap Rate for the 
relevant Reset Period will be the relevant quotation provided, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent 
with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation, the Mid-Swap Rate for the 
relevant Reset Period will be equal to the last Mid-Swap Rate 
available on the Relevant Screen Page as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, except that if the Calculation Agent or the Issuer 
determines that the absence of quotation is due to the discontinuation 
of the Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate, then the Mid-Swap Rate will be 
determined in accordance with paragraph (c) below. 
(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (b) above, if at any time prior to, on or 
following any Reset Determination Date, (i) a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to the Mid-Swap Rate or (ii) the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate 
has been discontinued, the Issuer will as soon as reasonably 
practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant Reset 
Determination Date) appoint an agent (the “Mid-Swap Rate 
Determination Agent”), which will determine, acting in good faith, in 
a commercially reasonable manner, and as an independent expert in 
the performance of its duties, whether a substitute or successor rate 
for purposes of determining the Mid-Swap Rate on each Reset 
Determination Date falling on such date or thereafter that is 
substantially comparable to the Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate is 
available. If the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent determines that 
there is an industry accepted successor rate, the Mid-Swap Rate 
Determination Agent will use such successor rate to determine the

--- Page 99 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
99 
Mid-Swap Rate. For these purposes, a rate that (i) has a fixed leg 
term equal to that of the original Mid-Swap Rate and (ii) has a floating 
leg equivalent to the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the 
Mid-Swap Maturity that is formally recommended by a relevant central 
bank, reserve bank, monetary authority, a group of the aforesaid 
central banks, monetary authority or supervisory authority, or any 
similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) 
for the currency to which the Mid-Swap Rate relates or any 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Mid-Swap Rate will be considered an industry 
accepted successor rate. It is further specified that if there is two or 
more industry successor rates recommended by the above-
mentionned authority, institution or working groups, the Reference 
Rate Determination Agent shall determine which of those successor 
rates is most appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, the particular 
features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. If the Mid-
Swap Rate Determination Agent has determined a substitute or 
successor rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, the 
“Replacement Mid-Swap Rate”), for the purposes of determining the 
Mid-Swap Rate on each Reset Determination Date falling on or after 
such determination but not earlier than the actual discontinuation of 
the Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate (i) the Mid-Swap Rate 
Determination Agent will also determine changes (if any) to the 
business day convention, the definition of business day, the interest 
determination date, the day count fraction, and any method for 
obtaining the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate, including any adjustment 
factor needed to make such Replacement Mid-Swap Rate 
comparable to the Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate (including any 
Adjustment Spread), in each case in a manner that is consistent with 
industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Mid-Swap Rates; 
(ii) references to the Mid-Swap Rate in the Conditions and the Final 
Terms applicable to the relevant Notes will be deemed to be 
references to the relevant Replacement Mid-Swap Rate, including 
any alternative method for determining such rate as described in (i) 
above; (iii) the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent will notify the 
Issuer of the foregoing as soon as reasonably practicable; and (iv) the 
Issuer will give a notice as soon as reasonably practicable to the 
Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices)) and the 
relevant Paying Agent specifying the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate, 
as well as the details described in (i) above.  
The determination of the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate and the other 
matters referred to above by the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent, the relevant Paying 
Agent and the Noteholders, unless the Mid-Swap Rate Determination 
Agent, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner, and 
as an independent expert in the performance of its duties, considers 
at a later date that the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate is no longer

--- Page 100 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
100 
substantially comparable to the Mid-Swap Rate or does not constitute 
an industry accepted successor rate, in which case the Issuer shall 
re-appoint a Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent (which may or may 
not be the same entity as the original Mid-Swap Rate Determination 
Agent) for the purpose of confirming the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate 
or determining a substitute Replacement Mid-Swap Rate in an 
identical manner as described in this paragraph (c). If the Mid-Swap 
Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not 
determine a substitute Replacement Mid-Swap Rate, then the 
Replacement Mid-Swap Rate will remain unchanged.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and 
expense of the Issuer, effect such consequential amendments to the 
Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order 
to give effect to this paragraph (c). No Noteholder consent shall be 
required in connection with effecting the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate 
or such other changes pursuant to this paragraph (c), including for the 
execution of any documents or other steps by the Agents (if required). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (c), (i) if the 
Issuer is unable to appoint a Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent or 
(ii) if the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent is unable to or 
otherwise does not determine for any Interest Determination Date a 
Replacement Mid-Swap Rate or (iii) if the Issuer determines that (a) 
the replacement of the Mid-Swap Rate with the Replacement Mid-
Swap Rate or any other amendment to the terms of the Notes 
necessary to implement such replacement would result in a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or (in the case of Subordinated 
Notes only) a Capital Event or (b) could reasonably result in the 
Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment 
Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant 
Maturity Date, no Replacement Mid-Swap Rate or any other 
successor, replacement or alternative benchmark or screen rate will 
be adopted and the Mid-Swap Rate for the relevant Reset Period will 
be equal to the last Mid-Swap Rate available on the relevant Screen 
Page as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading bank 
or a broker-dealer in the principal financial center of the Specified 
Currency as appointed by the Issuer, (ii) the Calculation Agent, (iii) 
the Issuer or (iv) an affiliate of the Issuer.    
"Relevant Time" means the time specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Reset Date” means each of the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date 
and any Subsequent Reset Date, as applicable; 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of a Reset Period, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 101 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
101 
“Reset Period” means each of the First Reset Period or any Subsequent 
Reset Period, as applicable; 
“Reference Government Bond” means for any Reset Period, a government 
security or securities issued by the state responsible for issuing the Specified 
Currency or, in the event clause (iii) of the definition of CMT Rate applies, a 
U.S. treasury security, or, in the event clause (ii) of the definition of CMT Rate 
(JGB) applies, a Japanese government bond, in each case selected by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the 
relevant Reset Period that would be used, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the relevant Reset 
Period; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealers” means each of the four banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent (or such other person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) which are primary European, U.S. or Japanese 
government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues, or such other banks or method of 
selection of such banks as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Government Bond Price” with respect to any Reset 
Determination Date, (i) if at least three of the Reference Government Bond 
Dealers provide the Calculation Agent with Reference Government Bond 
Quotations, the Reference Government Bond Price will be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards)) of the relevant quotations provided, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the 
lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, (ii) if only two relevant quotations are 
provided, the Reference Government Bond Price will be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant quotations provided, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, (iii) if only one relevant quotation is provided, the 
Reference Government Bond Price will be the relevant quotation, provided 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, or (iv) if no quotations are provided, 
the Reference Government Bond Price will be equal to the last available 
Screen Page Reference Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Government Bond Quotations” means, with respect to each 
Reference Government Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination 
Date, the arithmetic mean, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the 
bid and offered prices for the relevant Reference Government Bond 
(expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date quoted in writing to 
the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
“Reset Reference Banks” means the principal office in the principal financial 
center of the Specified Currency of six leading dealers in the swap market 
selected by the Calculation Agent (excluding any Agent or any of its affiliates) 
in its discretion after consultation with the Issuer;

--- Page 102 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
102 
“Reset Reference Rate” means either:  
(A)  
if “Mid-Swap” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Mid-Swap 
Rate at the Relevant Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date for such 
Reset Period; 
(B) 
if “Reference Government Bond” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the annual yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the relevant Reference Government Bond, 
assuming a price for such Reference Government Bond (expressed as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the relevant Reference 
Government Bond Price; or 
(C) 
if “CMT Rate” or “CMT Rate (JGB)” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the CMT Rate or the CMT Rate (JGB), as the case may be, on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date for such Reset Period; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Specified Denomination” means the nominal amount of a Note as 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Margin” means the percentage specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means each date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the 
Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset 
Date, and each successive period from (and including) a Subsequent Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset Date; and 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent 
Reset Period, the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset 
Reference Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, and such interest 
will be payable in arrear in respect of each Interest Period on either (i) each 
Interest Payment Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms or (ii) if no 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, “Interest Payment Date” shall mean each date which falls the 
number of months or other period specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.

--- Page 103 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
103 
The Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(j) 
(Calculations).  
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise 
fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is (A) the “Floating Rate Business Day Convention”, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which 
such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
“Following Business Day Convention”, such date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the “Modified Following Business 
Day Convention”, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day or (D) the “Preceding Business Day Convention”, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination 
or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) in 
accordance with Condition 5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of 
Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest 
Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
(x) the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(y) the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and

--- Page 104 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
104 
(z) the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual 
Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, 
“Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, 
“Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to 
those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
1. 
Screen Rate Determination 
(x) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
will be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotation(s), 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page (the “Screen Page Reference Rate”) as at 
the Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any) in accordance with Condition 5(i) 
(Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment 
Amounts and Redemption Amounts and Rounding), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, only one of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations. 
(y) If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub paragraph 
(x)(1) applies and no such offered quotation appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub paragraph (x)(2) applies and 
fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, in each case as at the Relevant Screen Page Time, 
except as provided in paragraph (z) below, the Calculation Agent 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at the 
Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any) in accordance with Condition 5(i) (Margin,

--- Page 105 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
105 
Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and 
Redemption Amounts and Rounding), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two Reference 
Banks are providing offered quotations, the Rate of Interest shall 
be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered at the Relevant Screen 
Page Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the 
Relevant Inter-Bank Market plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any) in accordance with Condition 5(i) (Margin, 
Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and 
Redemption Amounts and Rounding). If fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
rates, the Rate of Interest shall be the offered rate for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
at which, at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank 
or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such 
purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading 
banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) in accordance with Condition 5(i) 
(Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment 
Amounts and Redemption Amounts and Rounding).  
By exception, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest shall be equal to the last Reference Rate available 
on the Relevant Screen Page plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any) in accordance with Condition 5(i) (Margin, 
Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and 
Redemption Amounts and Rounding) as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, except that if the Calculation Agent or the Issuer 
determines that the absence of quotation is due to the 
discontinuation of the Screen Page Reference Rate, then the 
Reference Rate will be determined in accordance with paragraph 
(z) below. 
(z) Notwithstanding paragraph (y) above, if at any time prior to, on or 
following any Interest Determination Date, (i) a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to the Reference Rate or (ii) the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Screen Page Reference 
Rate has been discontinued, the Issuer will as soon as reasonably

--- Page 106 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
106 
practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant Interest 
Determination Date) appoint an agent (the “Reference Rate 
Determination Agent”), which will determine, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and as an independent 
expert in the performance of its duties, whether a substitute or 
successor rate for purposes of determining the Reference Rate on 
each Interest Determination Date falling on such date or thereafter 
that is substantially comparable to the Screen Page Reference 
Rate is available. If the Reference Rate Determination Agent 
determines that there is an industry accepted successor rate, the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent will use such successor rate 
to determine the Reference Rate.  For these purposes, a rate that 
is formally recommended by a relevant central bank, reserve bank, 
monetary authority, a group of the aforesaid central banks, 
monetary authority or supervisory authority, or any similar 
institution (including any committee or working group thereof) for 
the currency to which the Reference Rate relates or any 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate will be considered an industry 
accepted successor rate. It is further specified that if there is two 
or more industry successor rates recommended by the above-
mentionned authority, institution or working groups, the Reference 
Rate Determination Agent shall determine which of those 
successor rates is most appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, 
the particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the 
Issuer. If the Reference Rate Determination Agent has determined 
a substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing 
(such rate, the “Replacement Reference Rate”), for purposes of 
determining the Reference Rate on each Interest Determination 
Date falling on or after such determination but not earlier than the 
actual discontinuation of the Screen Page Reference Rate (i) the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent will also determine changes 
(if any) to the business day convention, the definition of business 
day, the interest determination date, the day count fraction, and 
any method for obtaining the Replacement Reference Rate, 
including any adjustment factor needed to make such 
Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the Screen Page 
Reference Rate (including any Adjustment Spread), in each case 
in a manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for 
such Replacement Reference Rate; (ii) references to the 
Reference Rate in the Conditions and the Final Terms applicable 
to the relevant Notes will be deemed to be references to the 
Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative method 
for determining such rate as described in (i) above; (iii) the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of the 
foregoing as soon as reasonably practicable; and (iv) the Issuer 
will give notice as soon as reasonably practicable to the 
Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices)) and the

--- Page 107 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
107 
relevant Paying Agent specifying the Replacement Reference 
Rate, as well as the details described in (i) above.  
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the 
other matters referred to above by the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent, 
the relevant Paying Agent and the Noteholders, unless the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent, acting in good faith, in a 
commercially reasonable manner, and as an independent expert 
in the performance of its duties, considers at a later date that the 
Replacement Reference Rate is no longer substantially 
comparable to the Reference Rate or does not constitute an 
industry accepted successor rate, in which case the Issuer shall 
re-appoint a Reference Rate Determination Agent (which may or 
may not be the same entity as the original Reference Rate 
Determination Agent) for the purpose of confirming the 
Replacement Reference Rate or determining a substitute 
Replacement Reference Rate in an identical manner as described 
in this paragraph (z). If the Reference Rate Determination Agent is 
unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute 
Replacement Reference Rate, then the Replacement Reference 
Rate will remain unchanged.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction 
and expense of the Issuer, effect such consequential amendments 
to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be 
required in order to give effect to this paragraph (z). No Noteholder 
consent shall be required in connection with effecting the 
Replacement Reference Rate or such other changes pursuant to 
this paragraph (z), including for the execution of any documents or 
other steps by the Agents (if required). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (z), (i) if the 
Issuer is unable to appoint a Reference Rate Determination Agent 
or (ii) if the Reference Rate Determination Agent is unable to or 
otherwise does not determine for any Interest Determination Date 
a Replacement Reference Rate or (iii) if the Issuer determines that 
(a) the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement 
Reference Rate or any other amendment to the terms of the Notes 
necessary to implement such replacement would result in a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or (in the case of Subordinated 
Notes only) a Capital Event or (b) could reasonably result in the 
Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment 
Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant 
Maturity Date, no Replacement Reference Rate or any other 
successor, replacement or alternative benchmark or screen rate 
will be adopted and the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period will be equal to the last Reference Rate available

--- Page 108 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
108 
on the Relevant Screen Page as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
The Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading 
bank or a broker-dealer in the principal financial center of the 
Specified Currency as appointed by the Issuer, (ii) the Calculation 
Agent, (iii) the Issuer or (iv) an affiliate of the Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph (z) is not applicable 
where SOFR is specified as Reference Rate nor, save as 
otherwise 
specified 
in 
Condition 
5.(b)(iii)(B)3., 
Condition 
5.(b)(iii)(B)4., Condition 5.(b)(iii)(B)5. or Condition 5.(b)(iii)(B)6., as 
applicable, where SONIA, €STR, SARON (or SAION) or TONA is 
specified as Reference Rate. 
2. 
Provisions specific to SOFR as Reference Rate 
(x) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and SOFR is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Reference Rate, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be equal to the relevant SOFR Benchmark, plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) in 
accordance with Condition 5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates 
of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The “SOFR Benchmark” will be determined based on either 
SOFR Arithmetic Mean, SOFR Compound or SOFR Index 
Average, as follows (subject to paragraph (y) below): 
(1) if SOFR Arithmetic Mean (“SOFR Arithmetic Mean”) is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the SOFR 
Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean of the SOFR rates for each day during the period, as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, where, if applicable (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), the SOFR rate on the 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date shall be used for the days in the 
period from (and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to 
(but excluding) the Interest Payment Date; 
(2) if SOFR Compound (“SOFR Compound”) is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the SOFR Benchmark 
for each Interest Period shall be equal to the value of the 
SOFR rates for each day during the relevant Interest Period 
(where SOFR Compound with Lookback is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms to determine SOFR Compound), 
Observation 
Period 
(where 
SOFR 
Compound 
with 
Observation Period Shift is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms to determine SOFR Compound) or Interest Accrual 
Period (where SOFR Compound with Payment Delay is

--- Page 109 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
109 
specified in the relevant Final Terms to determine SOFR 
Compound). 
SOFR Compound shall be calculated in accordance with one 
of the formulas referenced below: 
a) SOFR Compound with Lookback: 
ቌෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑅𝑅𝑖𝑖−𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 360
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from (and including) the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
“Lookback Days” means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in 
the relevant Interest Period, means the number of calendar 
days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); and 
“SOFRi-xUSBD” for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period, is equal to the SOFR in 
respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
falling a number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to that day “i” equal to the number of Lookback 
Days. 
b) SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift: 
ቌෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑅𝑅𝑖𝑖 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 360
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards,

--- Page 110 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
110 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from (and including) the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in 
the relevant Observation Period, means the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling a 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal 
to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first date in such 
Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling a number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the 
number of Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
in the relevant Observation Period, is equal to SOFR in 
respect of that day “i”. 
c) SOFR Compound with Payment Delay: 
ቌෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑅𝑅𝑖𝑖 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 360
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period;

--- Page 111 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
111 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from (and including) the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“Interest Accrual Periods” each period from (and including) 
an Interest Accrual Period End Date (or in the case of the first 
Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the next Interest Accrual Period End Date (or, 
in the case of the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity 
Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the notes prior to the 
Maturity Date, the redemption date); 
“Interest Accrual Period End Dates” shall have the meaning 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Dates” shall be the number of Business 
Days equal to the Interest Payment Delay following each 
Interest Accrual Period End Date; provided that the Interest 
Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period 
will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the 
notes prior to the Maturity Date, the redemption date; 
“Interest Payment Delay” means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Determination Dates” mean the Interest 
Accrual Period End Date at the end of each Interest Accrual 
Period; provided that the Interest Payment Determination 
Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be 
the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i" in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, means the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i" up to (but excluding) the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); and 
“SOFRi” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day “i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, is equal to 
SOFR in respect of that day “i". 
For purposes of calculating SOFR Compound with respect to 
the final Interest Accrual Period, the level of SOFR for each 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the period from 
(and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable, shall 
be the level of SOFR in respect of such SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date. 
(3) if SOFR Index Average (“SOFR Index Average”) is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the SOFR

--- Page 112 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
112 
Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the value 
of the SOFR rates for each day during the relevant Interest 
Period as calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
൬𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝑛𝑛𝑑𝑑𝑑𝑑𝑑𝑑 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆
−1൰× ൬360
𝑑𝑑𝑐𝑐
൰ 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“SOFR Index” means the SOFR Index in relation to any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as published by the NY 
Federal Reserve on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website at the 
SOFR Determination Time and appearing on the Relevant 
Screen Page.  
“SOFR IndexStart” means the SOFR Index value on the date 
that is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms preceding the first 
date of the relevant Interest Period (a “SOFR Index 
Determination Date”). 
“SOFR IndexEnd” means the SOFR Index value on the date 
that is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms preceding the 
Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Period (or in 
the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date). 
“dc” means the number of calendar days from (and including) 
the SOFR IndexStart to (but excluding) the SOFR IndexEnd. 
Subject paragraph (y) below, if the SOFR Index is not 
published on any relevant SOFR Index Determination Date 
and a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and related SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred, the “SOFR 
Index Average” shall be calculated on any Interest 
Determination Date with respect to an Interest Period, in 
accordance with the SOFR Compound formula described 
above in “b) SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift” 
and the term “Observation Shift Days” shall mean two U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days. If a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition 
Event 
and 
its 
related 
SOFR 
Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, the provisions set forth in 
paragraph (y) below shall apply. 
In connection with the SOFR provisions above, the following 
definitions apply: 
“Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page” means the Bloomberg 
screen designated “SOFRRATE” or any successor page or 
service;

--- Page 113 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
113 
“NY Federal Reserve” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York; 
“NY Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of the NY 
Federal Reserve, currently at www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website of the NY Federal Reserve or the website of 
any successor administrator of SOFR; 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is a number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day(s) prior to the end of 
each Interest Period, the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as 
applicable, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reuters Page USDSOFR=” means the Reuters page designated 
“USDSOFR=” or any successor page or service; 
“SOFR” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent or the 
SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent, as the case may 
be, in accordance with the following provision: 
(i) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published at the SOFR 
Determination Time, as such rate is reported on the Bloomberg 
Screen SOFRRATE Page, then the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate published at the SOFR Determination Time, as such rate is 
reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=, then the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate that appears at the SOFR Determination 
Time on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website; or 
(ii) if the rate specified in (i) above does not appear, the SOFR 
published on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website for the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which 
SOFR was published on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website;  
“SOFR Determination Time” means approximately 3:00 p.m. 
(New York City time) on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
 (y) If the Issuer determines that a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event 
and the related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred at or prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time in 
respect of any determination of the SOFR Benchmark on any day, 
the Issuer will deliver notice thereof to the Calculation Agent and 
as soon as reasonably practicable appoint an agent (the “SOFR 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent”) to determine the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement. Once the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement is determined, it will replace the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to all affected Notes in respect 
of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all 
subsequent dates. 
In connection with the determination of the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement, the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent

--- Page 114 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
114 
will determine appropriate SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Issuer or the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent (as 
the case may be) pursuant to these provisions, including any 
determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of any event, circumstance or date 
and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or 
selection: (1) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(2) will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or the SOFR 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent (as the case may be); and 
(3) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the terms and 
conditions of the affected Notes, shall become effective without the 
consent from the Noteholders or any other party. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (i) the SOFR Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine 
a SOFR Benchmark Replacement for any date on or following the 
relevant SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date, or (ii) the Issuer 
determines that (a) the replacement of then-current SOFR 
Benchmark by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement or any other 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the affected Notes 
necessary to implement such replacement would result in an 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or (in the case of Subordinated 
Notes only) a Capital Event, or (b) could reasonably result in the 
Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment 
Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant 
Maturity Date, no SOFR Benchmark Replacement will be adopted 
by the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent, and the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement will be SOFR determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day immediately preceding the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Date. 
If a SOFR Benchmark Replacement is designated, the 
determination of whether a subsequent SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred will be determined after substituting such prior 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement for the relevant SOFR 
Benchmark, and after application of all SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes in connection with such 
substitution, and all relevant definitions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
In connection with the SOFR Benchmark Replacement provisions 
above, the following definitions apply: 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the SOFR

--- Page 115 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
115 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
a. the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as 
the replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
b. the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
c. the sum of: (a) the alternate rate that has been selected by the 
SOFR 
Replacement 
Rate 
Determination 
Agent 
as 
the 
replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate as a replacement for the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes 
at such time and (b) the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first 
alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by 
the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the 
applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date: 
a. the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement; 
b. if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Spread 
Adjustment; 
c. the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) determined by the SOFR Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” 
means, with respect to any SOFR Benchmark Replacement, any 
technical, administrative or operational changes (including 
changes to the definitions of “interest period”, “interest reset 
period” and ‘interest reset dates”, timing and frequency of 
determining rates with respect to each interest period and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day count 
fractions and other administrative matters) that the SOFR

--- Page 116 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
116 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the SOFR Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent determines that no market practice for use of 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner 
as the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines 
is reasonably necessary); 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to 
occur of the following events with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark: 
a. in the case of clause a. or b. of the definition of SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) 
the date on which the administrator of such SOFR Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component); 
b. in the case of clause c. of the definition of SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date of 
non-representativeness, 
prohibition 
of 
use 
or 
applicable 
restrictions referenced therein; or 
c. in the case of clause d. of the definition of SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event, the date of such SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event, 
provided that, in the event of any public statements or publications 
of information as referenced in clauses a. or b. above, should such 
event or circumstance referred to in such a public statement or 
publication occur on a date falling later than three (3) months after 
the relevant public statement or publication, the SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event shall be deemed to occur on the date falling three 
(3) months prior to such specified date (and not the date of the 
relevant public statement or publication). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but 
earlier than, the SOFR Determination Time in respect of any 
determination, the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date will be 
deemed to have occurred prior to the SOFR Determination Time 
for such determination; 
“SOFR Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of 
one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark:

--- Page 117 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
117 
a. a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark; 
b. a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor of the SOFR Benchmark, the central bank for the 
currency of the SOFR Benchmark, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
SOFR Benchmark, or a court or an entity with similar insolvency 
or resolution authority over the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark, has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark,permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark; 
c. a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark, 
announcing that either the SOFR Benchmark (a) is no longer 
representative, (b) has been or will be prohibited from being used 
or (c) its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally or in respect of the relevant Notes; 
d. the SOFR Benchmark is not published by its administrator (or a 
successor administrator) for five (5) consecutive U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days;   
“Corresponding Tenor” with respect to a SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement means a tenor (including overnight) having 
approximately the same length (disregarding business day 
adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate to be effective upon the 
occurrence of a SOFR Index Cessation Event according to (and 
as defined in) the ISDA Definitions, where such rate may have 
been adjusted for an overnight tenor, but without giving effect to 
any additional spread adjustment to be applied according to such 
ISDA Definitions. 
“ISDA Spread Adjustment” means the spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that shall have 
been selected by ISDA as the spread adjustment that would apply 
to the ISDA Fallback Rate; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Board of Governors 
of the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or

--- Page 118 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
118 
a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY Federal 
Reserve, or any successor; 
“SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent” means the 
agent appointed by the Issuer in the event a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date occur. 
The SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a 
leading bank or a broker-dealer in the principal financial center of 
the Specified Currency as appointed by the Issuer, (ii) the Issuer 
or (iii) an affiliate of the Issuer; 
“Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement” means the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement excluding the applicable SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA) recommends 
that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
3. 
Provisions specific to SONIA as Reference Rate 
(x) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and SONIA is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Reference Rate, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will 
be equal to the relevant SONIA Benchmark, plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) in 
accordance with Condition 5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates 
of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The “SONIA Benchmark” will be determined based on either 
SONIA Compound or SONIA Index Determination, as follows 
(subject to paragraph (y) below): 
(1) if SONIA Compound (“SONIA Compound”) is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the SONIA Benchmark 
for each Interest Period shall be equal to the value of the 
SONIA rates for each day during the relevant Interest Period 
(where SONIA Compound with Lookback is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms to determine SONIA Compound), 
Observation 
Period 
(where 
SONIA 
Compound 
with 
Observation Period Shift is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms to determine SONIA Compound) or Interest Accrual 
Period (where SONIA Compound with Payment Delay is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms to determine SONIA 
Compound). 
SONIA Compound shall be calculated in accordance with one 
of the formulas referenced below:

--- Page 119 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
119 
a) SONIA Compound with Lookback: 
ቌෑ൬1 +
SONIA𝑖𝑖−pLBD × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 365
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Period, means the number of London 
Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing 
the 
relevant 
London 
Banking 
Day 
in 
chronological order from (and including) the first London 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest 
Period, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such day “i” up to (but excluding) the following 
London Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Lookback Days” means the number of London Banking 
Days specified in the Final Terms; 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors, in each case on the London Banking 
Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant 
Interest Period, is equal to the SONIA in respect of the London 
Banking Day falling a number of London Banking Days prior 
to that day “i” equal to the number of Lookback Days. 
b) SONIA Compound with Observation Period Shift: 
ቌෑ൬1 + SONIA𝑖𝑖× 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 365
𝑑𝑑

--- Page 120 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
120 
with the resulting percentage being rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of London 
Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing 
the 
relevant 
London 
Banking 
Day 
in 
chronological order from (and including) the first London 
Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such day “i” up to (but excluding) the following 
London Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling a 
number of London Banking Days equal to the Observation 
Shift Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period to 
(but excluding) the date falling a number of London Banking 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of London 
Banking Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors, in each case on the London Banking 
Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to SONIA in respect of that 
day “i”. 
c) SONIA Compound with Payment Delay: 
ቌෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 365
𝑑𝑑

--- Page 121 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
121 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of 
London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing 
the 
relevant 
London 
Banking 
Day 
in 
chronological order from (and including) the first London 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Interest Accrual Periods” each period from (and including) 
an Interest Accrual Period End Date (or in the case of the first 
Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the next Interest Accrual Period End Date (or, 
in the case of the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity 
Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the notes prior to the 
Maturity Date, the redemption date); 
“Interest Accrual Period End Dates” shall have the meaning 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Dates” shall be the number of Business 
Days equal to the Interest Payment Delay following each 
Interest Accrual Period End Date; provided that the Interest 
Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period 
will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the 
notes prior to the Maturity Date, the redemption date; 
“Interest Payment Delay” means the number of London 
Banking Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Determination Dates” mean the Interest 
Accrual Period End Date at the end of each Interest Accrual 
Period; provided that the Interest Payment Determination 
Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be 
the SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i" in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such London Banking Day “i" up to (but excluding) 
the following London Banking Day (“i+1”); and 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such

--- Page 122 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
122 
authorised distributors, in each case on the London Banking 
Day immediately following such London Banking Day;  
“SONIAi” means for any London Banking Day “i" in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, is equal to SONIA in respect 
of that day “i". 
“SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is a number 
of London Banking Day(s) prior to the end of each Interest 
Period, the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as 
applicable, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
For purposes of calculating SONIA Compound with respect to 
the final Interest Accrual Period, the level of SONIA for each 
London Banking Day in the period from (and including) the 
SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date 
or the redemption date, as applicable, shall be the level of 
SONIA in respect of such SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date. 
(2) if 
SONIA 
Index 
Determination 
(“SONIA 
Index 
Determination”), is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the following provisions shall apply and the 
SONIA Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with 
the daily SONIA as the Reference Rate for the calculation of 
interest) (expressed as a percentage and rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with 
the following formula: 
൬𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆−1൰× 365
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days from (and including) 
the day in relation to which SONIA Index Start is determined 
to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SONIA Index 
End is determined;  
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“Relevant Number” means the number specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
five); 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average rate for such London Banking Day, as provided by 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as

--- Page 123 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
123 
then published on the London Banking Day immediately 
following such London Banking Day;  
“SONIA Index End” means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the SONIA Index determined in relation to the day falling the 
Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to (A) the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or (B) such 
other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due 
(but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
“SONIA Index Start” means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the SONIA Index determined in relation to the day 
falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Period; and 
“SONIA Index” means the screen rate or index for 
compounded daily SONIA rates administered by the 
administrator of the SONIA that is published or displayed by 
such administrator or other information service from time to 
time on the relevant Interest Determination Date. 
If the relevant SONIA Index is not published or displayed on 
the Relevant Screen Page by the administrator of the SONIA 
or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if 
later, by the time falling one hour after the customary or 
scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with the 
then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of 
the SONIA or of such other information service, as the case 
may be) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
SONIA Benchmark for the applicable Interest Period for which 
the SONIA Index is not available shall be determined as set 
out under Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)3.(x)(1)b) above as if SONIA 
Compound with Observation Period Shift were specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and for these purposes: 
the Observation Shift Days in respect of the applicable Interest 
Period for which the SONIA Index is not available shall be 
deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days, as if such alternative elections had been made 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 (y) If, in respect of that London Banking Day “i-pLBD” or “i”, as 
applicable, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page (the “SONIA Screen 
Page”) or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such SONIA shall be (i) the Bank of 
England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of 
the spread of the SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five (5) 
days on which a SONIA has been published, excluding the highest 
spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of

--- Page 124 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
124 
those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more 
than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the 
Bank Rate (the “SONIA Replacement Rate”). 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of 
England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA is to be 
determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA, the 
Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably 
practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine the SONIA 
Replacement Rate for the purpose of the Notes for so long as the 
SONIA is not available or has not been published by the authorised 
distributors. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (y), if (i) the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, or (ii) the Issuer 
determines that (a) the replacement of then-current SONIA by the 
SONIA Replacement Rate or any other amendments to the terms 
of the Notes necessary to implement such replacement would 
result in an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes only) a Capital Event, or (b) could reasonably 
result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future 
Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather 
than the relevant Maturity Date, no SONIA Replacement Rate will 
be adopted by the Calculation Agent, and the SONIA Replacement 
Rate for the relevant Interest Period will be equal to the last SONIA 
available on the SONIA Screen Page as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. Notwithstanding the above, if the provisions of this 
paragraph fail to provide a means of determining the Rate of 
Interest, Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)1.(z) above shall apply and references 
to Screen Page Reference Rate shall be deemed to be references 
to SONIA Screen Page. 
4. 
Provisions specific to €STR as Reference Rate 
(x) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and €STR is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Reference Rate, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
shall be the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment 
(with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest), plus or minus (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any) in accordance with Condition 5(i) 
(Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment 
Amounts and Redemption Amounts and Rounding), all as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination 
Date, according to the formula below: 
ቌෑ൬1 +
€STR𝑖𝑖−pTBD × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 360
𝑑𝑑

--- Page 125 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
125 
with the resulting percentage being rounded if necessary to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Period, means the number of TARGET 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the 
ECB of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) 
(ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Days, the 
interest rate representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight 
borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area provided by the 
ECB as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator) 
and published on the ECB’s Website at or before 9:00 a.m. 
(Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is 
published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR 
Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised 
interest rate) on the TARGET Business Day immediately following 
such TARGET Business Day; 
“€STRi-pTBD” for any TARGET Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Interest Period, is equal to the €STR in respect of the TARGET 
Business Day falling a number of TARGET Business Days prior to 
that day “i” equal to the number of Lookback Days; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant TARGET Business Day in chronological order from 
(and including) the first TARGET Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date 
corresponding to such Interest Period; 
“Lookback Days” is as specified in the Final Terms; 
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest 
Period, means the number of calendar days from (and including) 
such TARGET Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following 
TARGET Business Day (“i+1”); 
“TARGET Business Day” or “TBD” means any day on which the 
TARGET System is opened; 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-
time Gross settlement Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) 
system which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any 
successor thereto; 
(y) If the €STR is not published on the Relevant Screen Page (the 
“€STR Screen Page”) on any particular TARGET Business Day 
and no €STR Index Cessation Event has occurred, the €STR for

--- Page 126 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
126 
such TARGET Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in 
respect of the last TARGET Business Day for which such rate was 
published on the ECB’s Website. 
(z) If the €STR is not published on the €STR Screen Page on any 
particular TARGET Business Day and both an €STR Index 
Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
have occurred, the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Period on or after such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to 
€STR were references to the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the 
end of the first TARGET Business Day following the date on which 
the €STR Index Cessation Effective Event occurs, then the rate of 
€STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the 
Modified EDFR. 
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both 
an ECB Recommanded Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently 
occur, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Period occurring on or after that ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the 
Modified EDFR. 
Any substitution of the €STR by the ECB Recommended Rate or 
the Modified EDFR as specified above (the “€STR Replacement 
Rate”) will remain effective for the remaining term to maturity of 
the Notes. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (z), if (i) the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, or (ii) the Issuer 
determines that (a) the replacement of then-current €STR by the 
€STR Replacement Rate or any other amendments to the terms 
of the Notes necessary to implement such replacement would 
result in an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes only) a Capital Event, or (b) could reasonably 
result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future 
Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather 
than the relevant Maturity Date, no €STR Replacement Rate will 
be adopted by the Calculation Agent, and the €STR Replacement 
Rate for the relevant Interest Period will be equal to the last €STR 
available on the €STR Screen Page as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. Notwithstanding the above, if the provisions of this 
paragraph fail to provide a means of determining the Rate of 
Interest, Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)1.(z) above shall apply and references

--- Page 127 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
127 
to Screen Page Reference Rate shall be deemed to be references 
to €STR Screen Page. 
In connection with the €STR provisions above, the following 
definitions apply: 
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any 
spreads or adjustments) recommended as the replacement for 
€STR by the ECB (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or 
by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the ECB (or any 
successor 
administrator 
of 
€STR) 
for 
the 
purpose 
of 
recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be 
produced by the ECB or another administrator), as determined by 
the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the 
occurrence of one or more of the following events, as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
a. a public statement or a publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing 
that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended 
Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
b. a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the ECB recommended Rate, 
the central bank of the currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the 
ECB Recommeded Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that 
the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or 
will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” 
means, in respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended 
Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB’s Website” means the website of the ECB currently at 
www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor source officially designated 
by the ECB; 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on 
the deposit facility, which banks may use to make overnight 
deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising of the ECB and the

--- Page 128 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
128 
national central banks of those countries that have adopted the 
Euro) as published on the ECB’s Website; 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
a. if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end 
of the first TARGET Business Day following the date on which the 
€STR Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the 
daily difference between the €STR and the EDFR for each of the 
30 TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date on 
which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or 
b. if both an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date 
subsequently occur, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference 
between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of 
the 30 TARGET Business Day immediately preceding the date on 
which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event 
occurred; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
a. a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the ECB (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing 
that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide €STR; or 
b. a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor of the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the 
currency of €STR, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over 
the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, 
which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STER permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an 
€STR Index Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no 
longer provided by the ECB (or any successor administrator of 
€STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to 
the Calculation Agent; 
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus 
the EDFR Spread. 
5. 
Provisions specific to SARON as Reference Rate

--- Page 129 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
129 
(x) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and SARON is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Reference Rate, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will 
be equal to the relevant SARON Benchmark, plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) in 
accordance with Condition 5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates 
of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The “SARON Benchmark” will be determined based on either 
SARON Compound or SAION Index Determination, as follows 
(subject to paragraph (y) below): 
(1) if SARON Compound (“SARON Compound”) is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the SARON Benchmark 
for each Interest Period shall be equal to the value of the 
SARON rates for each day during the relevant Interest Period 
(where SARON Compound with Lookback is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms to determine SARON Compound), 
Observation 
Period 
(where 
SARON 
Compound 
with 
Observation Period Shift is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms to determine SARON Compound) or Interest Accrual 
Period (where SARON Compound with Payment Delay is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms to determine SARON 
Compound). 
SARON Compound shall be calculated in accordance with one 
of the formulas referenced below: 
a) SARON Compound with Lookback: 
ቌෑ൬1 + SARON𝑖𝑖−𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥× 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 360
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Period, means the number of Zurich 
Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant Zurich Banking Day in chronological 
order from (and including) the first Zurich Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
“Lookback Days” means the number of Zurich Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 130 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
130 
“ni” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest 
Period, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such Zurich Banking Day “i” up to (but excluding) the 
following Zurich Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“SARON”, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day as provided by the 
SARON Administrator to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors, in each case on the Zurich Banking 
Day immediately following such Zurich Banking Day; 
“SARONi-xZBD” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant 
Interest Period, is equal to the SARON in respect of the Zurich 
Banking Day falling a number of Zurich Banking Days prior to 
that day “i” equal to the number of Lookback Days; and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open 
in the City of Zurich for the settlement of payments and of 
foreign exchange transactions. 
b) SARON Compound with Observation Period Shift: 
ቌෑ൬1 + SARON𝑖𝑖× 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 360
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded if necessary to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of Zurich 
Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant Zurich Banking Day in chronological 
order from (and including) the first Zurich Banking Day in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“ni” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such day “i” up to (but excluding) the following Zurich 
Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling a number 
of Zurich Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the first day of such Interest Period to (but excluding) 
the date falling a number of Zurich Banking Days equal to the

--- Page 131 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
131 
Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of Zurich 
Banking Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SARON”, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such 
Zurich Banking Day as provided by the SARON Administrator 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors, in each 
case on the Zurich Banking Day immediately following such 
Zurich Banking Day; 
“SARONi” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to SARON in respect of that 
day “i”; and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open 
in the City of Zurich for the settlement of payments and of 
foreign exchange transactions. 
c) SARON Compound with Payment Delay: 
ቌෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 360
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of 
Zurich Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant Zurich Banking Day in chronological 
order from (and including) the first Zurich Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Interest Accrual Periods” each period from (and including) 
an Interest Accrual Period End Date (or in the case of the first 
Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the next Interest Accrual Period End Date (or, 
in the case of the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity 
Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the notes prior to the 
Maturity Date, the redemption date); 
“Interest Accrual Period End Dates” shall have the meaning 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 132 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
132 
“Interest Payment Dates” shall be the number of Business 
Days equal to the Interest Payment Delay following each 
Interest Accrual Period End Date; provided that the Interest 
Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period 
will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the 
notes prior to the Maturity Date, the redemption date; 
“Interest Payment Delay” means the number of Zurich 
Banking Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Determination Dates” mean the Interest 
Accrual Period End Date at the end of each Interest Accrual 
Period; provided that the Interest Payment Determination Date 
with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be the 
SARON Rate Cut-Off Date; 
“ni” for any Zurich Banking Day “i" in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such Zurich Banking Day “i" up to (but excluding) the 
following Zurich Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“SARON”, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day as provided by the 
SARON Administrator to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors, in each case on the Zurich Banking 
Day immediately following such Zurich Banking Day; 
“SARONi” means for any Zurich Banking Day “i" in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, is equal to SARON in respect of that 
day “i";  
“SARON Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is a number 
of Zurich Banking Day(s) prior to the end of each Interest 
Period, the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
For purposes of calculating SARON Compound with respect to 
the final Interest Accrual Period, the level of SARON for each 
Zurich Banking Day in the period from (and including) the 
SARON Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date 
or the redemption date, as applicable, shall be the level of 
SARON in respect of such SARON Rate Cut-Off Date; and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open 
in the City of Zurich for the settlement of payments and of 
foreign exchange transactions. 
(2) if 
SAION 
Index 
Determination 
(“SAION 
Index 
Determination”), is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the following provisions shall apply and the 
SARON Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to

--- Page 133 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
133 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with 
the daily SARON as the Reference Rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula: 
൬𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆−1൰× 360
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
“d”, means the number of calendar days from (and including) 
the day in relation to which SAION Index Start is determined 
to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SAION Index 
End is determined;  
“Relevant Number” means the number specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
five); 
“SARON”, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day as provided by the 
SARON Administrator to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors, in each case on the Zurich Banking 
Day immediately following such Zurich Banking Day; 
“SAION Index End” means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the SAION Index determined in relation to the day falling the 
Relevant Number of Zurich Banking Days prior to (A) the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or (B) such 
other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due 
(but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
“SAION Index Start” means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the SAION Index determined in relation to the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Zurich Banking Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Period;  
“SAION Index” means the screen rate or index for 
compounded daily SARON rates administered by the SARON 
Administrator that is published or displayed by such 
administrator or other information service from time to time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open 
in the City of Zurich for the settlement of payments and of 
foreign exchange transactions. 
If the relevant SAION Index is not published or displayed by 
the administrator of the SARON or other information service

--- Page 134 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
134 
by 6.00 p.m. (Zurich time) (or, if later, by the time falling one 
hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication 
thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational 
procedures of the administrator of the SARON or of such other 
information service, as the case may be) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the SARON Benchmark for the 
applicable Interest Period for which the SAION Index is not 
available shall be determined as set out under Condition 
5(b)(iii)(B)5.(x)(1)b) above as if SARON Compound with 
Observation Period Shift were specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, and for these purposes the Observation 
Shift Days in respect of the applicable Interest Period for 
which the SAION Index is not available shall be deemed to be 
equal to the Relevant Number of Zurich Banking Days, as if 
such alternative elections had been made in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(y) If the SARON is not published on the Relevant Screen Page (the 
“SARON Screen Page”) at the Relevant Screen Page Time on 
the relevant Zurich Banking Day and a SARON Index Cessation 
Event and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have not both 
occurred on or prior to the Relevant Screen Page Time on the 
relevant Zurich Banking Day, the SARON for such Zurich Banking 
Day shall be the rate equal to the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON 
Administrator Website for the last preceding Zurich Banking Day 
on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight was published by the 
SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website. 
(z) If the SARON is not published on the SARON Screen Page at the 
Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day 
and both a SARON Index Cessation Event and a SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred on or prior to the Relevant 
Screen Page Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day: 
a. if there is a SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within 
one Zurich Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective 
Date, the SARON Recommended Replacement Rate for such 
Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SARON Recommended 
Adjustment Spread, if any, published on such Zurich Banking Day; 
or 
b. if there is no SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within 
one Zurich Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective 
Date, the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (the “SNB Policy 
Rate”) for such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB 
Adjustment Spread, if any. 
Any substitution of the SARON by the SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate or the SNB Policy Rate as specified above (the

--- Page 135 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
135 
“SARON Replacement Rate”) will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Notes. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (z), if (i) the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, or (ii) the Issuer 
determines that (a) the replacement of then-current SARON by the 
SARON Replacement Rate or any other amendments to the terms 
of the Notes necessary to implement such replacement would 
result in an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes only) a Capital Event, or (b) could reasonably 
result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future 
Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather 
than the relevant Maturity Date, no SARON Replacement Rate will 
be adopted by the Calculation Agent, and the SARON 
Replacement Rate for the relevant Interest Period will be equal to 
the last SARON available on the SARON Screen Page as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. Notwithstanding the above, if 
the provisions of this paragraph fail to provide a means of 
determining the Rate of Interest, Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)1.(z) above 
shall apply and references to Screen Page Reference Rate shall 
be deemed to be references to SARON Screen Page. 
In connection with the SARON provisions above, the following 
definitions apply: 
“SARON Administrator” means SIX Swiss Exchange or any 
successor administrator of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; 
“SARON Administrator Website” means the website of the 
SARON Administrator; and 
“SARON Index Cessation Effective Date” means the earliest of: 
a. in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation 
Event described in clause a. of the definition thereof, the date on 
which the SARON Administrator ceases to provide the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight; 
b. in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation 
Event described in clause b.(x) of the definition thereof, the latest 
of: (i) the date of such statement or publication, (ii) the date, if any, 
specified in such statement or publication as the date on which the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight will no longer be representative, 
and (iii) if a SARON Index Cessation Event described in clause 
b.(y) of the definition thereof has occurred on or prior to either or 
both dates specified in subclauses (i) and (ii) of this clause b., the 
date as of which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer 
be used; and 
c. in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation 
Event described in clause b.(y) of the definition thereof, the date

--- Page 136 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
136 
as of which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer be 
used; 
“SARON Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events: 
a. a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the SARON Administrator, or by any competent authority, 
announcing or confirming that the SARON Administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; or 
b. a public statement or publication of information by the SARON 
Administrator or any competent authority announcing that (x) the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight is no longer representative or will 
as of a certain date no longer be representative, or (y) the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used after a certain 
date, which statement, in the case of subclause (y), is applicable 
to (but not necessarily limited to) fixed income securities and 
derivatives; 
“SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread” means, with 
respect to any SARON Recommended Replacement Rate, the 
spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or formula or 
methodology for calculating such a spread, 
a. that the SARON Recommending Body has recommended be 
applied to such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate in the 
case of fixed income securities with respect to which such SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight as the reference rate for purposes of 
determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; or 
b. if the SARON Recommending Body has not recommended such 
a spread, formula or methodology as described in clause a. above, 
to be applied to such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate 
in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable 
under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight with such SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which 
spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good 
faith and a commercially reasonable manner, and be consistent 
with industry-accepted practices for fixed income securities with 
respect to which such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate 
has replaced the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the reference 
rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest 
thereon;

--- Page 137 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
137 
“SARON Recommended Replacement Rate” means the rate 
that has been recommended as the replacement for the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight by any working group or committee in 
Switzerland organized in the same or a similar manner as the 
National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was 
founded in 2013 for purposes of, among other things, considering 
proposals to reform reference interest rates in Switzerland (any 
such working group or committee, the “SARON Recommending 
Body”); 
“SIX Swiss Exchange” means SIX Swiss Exchange AG and any 
successor thereto; and 
“SNB Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to the SNB Policy 
Rate, the spread to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) 
to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight with the SNB Policy Rate for purposes of 
determining SARON, which spread will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner, taking into account the historical median 
between the Swiss Average Rate Overnight and the SNB Policy 
Rate during the two year period ending on the date on which the 
SARON Index Cessation Event occurred (or, if more than one 
SARON Index Cessation Event has occurred, the date on which 
the first of such events occurred). 
6. 
Provisions specific to TONA as Reference Rate 
(x) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and TONA is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Reference Rate, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will 
be equal to the relevant TONA Benchmark, plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) in 
accordance with Condition 5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates 
of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The “TONA Benchmark” for each Interest Period shall be equal 
(subject to paragraph (y) below) to the value of the TONA rates for 
each day during the relevant Interest Period (where TONA 
Compound with Lookback is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
to determine TONA Compound), Observation Period (where 
TONA Compound with Observation Period Shift is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms to determine TONA Compound) or Interest 
Accrual Period (where TONA Compound with Payment Delay is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms to determine TONA 
Compound).

--- Page 138 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
138 
TONA Benchmark shall be calculated in accordance with one 
of the formulas referenced below: 
a) TONA Compound with Lookback: 
ቌෑ൬1 +
TONA𝑖𝑖−pTBD × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 365
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Period, means the number of Tokyo 
Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant Tokyo Banking Day in chronological 
order from (and including) the first Tokyo Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
“Lookback Days” means the number of Tokyo Banking Days 
specified in the Final Terms; 
“ni” for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest 
Period, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such day “i” up to (but excluding) the following 
Tokyo Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Bloomberg Screen TONA Page” means MUTKCALM 
Index;  
“Tokyo Banking Day” or “TBD” means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
Tokyo; 
“TONA”, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the trade weighted average of the overnight 
unsecured call loan rate (rounded upward, if necessary), 
which appears on the Bloomberg Screen TONA Page under 
the headline “Tokyo Overnight Average Rates” or any other 
Relevant Screen Page on the Tokyo Banking Day 
immediately following such Tokyo Banking Day;  
“TONAi-pTBD” for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” in the relevant 
Interest Period, is equal to the TONA in respect of the Tokyo 
Banking Day falling a number of Tokyo Banking Days prior to 
that day “i” equal to the number of Lookback Days. 
b) TONA Compound with Observation Period Shift:

--- Page 139 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
139 
ቌෑ൬1 + TONA𝑖𝑖× 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 365
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of Tokyo 
Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant Tokyo Banking Day in chronological 
order from (and including) the first Tokyo Banking Day in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“ni” for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such day “i” up to (but excluding) the following 
Tokyo Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling a 
number of Tokyo Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift 
Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period to (but 
excluding) the date falling a number of Tokyo Banking Days 
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of Tokyo 
Banking Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“Bloomberg Screen TONA Page” means MUTKCALM 
Index;  
“Tokyo Banking Day” or “TBD” means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
Tokyo; 
“TONA”, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the trade weighted average of the overnight 
unsecured call loan rate (rounded upward, if necessary), 
which appears on the Bloomberg Screen TONA Page under 
the headline “Tokyo Overnight Average Rates” or any other 
Relevant Screen Page on the Tokyo Banking Day 
immediately following such Tokyo Banking Day;  
“TONAi” for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to TONA in respect of that day “i”. 
c) TONA Compound with Payment Delay:

--- Page 140 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
140 
ቌෑ൬1 + 𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑖𝑖 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 365
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of 
Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant Tokyo Banking Day in chronological 
order from (and including) the first Tokyo Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Interest Accrual Periods” each period from (and including) 
an Interest Accrual Period End Date (or in the case of the first 
Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the next Interest Accrual Period End Date (or, 
in the case of the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity 
Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the notes prior to the 
Maturity Date, the redemption date); 
“Interest Accrual Period End Dates” shall have the meaning 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Dates” shall be the number of Business 
Days equal to the Interest Payment Delay following each 
Interest Accrual Period End Date; provided that the Interest 
Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period 
will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the 
notes prior to the Maturity Date, the redemption date; 
“Interest Payment Delay” means the number of Tokyo 
Banking Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Determination Dates” mean the Interest 
Accrual Period End Date at the end of each Interest Accrual 
Period; provided that the Interest Payment Determination 
Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be 
the TONA Rate Cut-Off Date; 
“ni” for any Tokyo Banking Day “i" in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such Tokyo Banking Day “i" up to (but excluding) 
the following Tokyo Banking Day (“i+1”);  
“Bloomberg Screen TONA Page” means MUTKCALM 
Index;

--- Page 141 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
141 
“TONA”, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the trade weighted average of the overnight 
unsecured call loan rate (rounded upward, if necessary), 
which appears on the Bloomberg Screen TONA Page under 
the headline “Tokyo Overnight Average Rates” or any other 
Relevant Screen Page on the Tokyo Banking Day 
immediately following such Tokyo Banking Day;  
“TONAi” means for any Tokyo Banking Day “i" in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, is equal to TONA in respect of that 
day “i"; and 
“TONA Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is a number 
of Tokyo Banking Day(s) prior to the end of each Interest 
Period, the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as 
applicable, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For purposes of calculating TONA Compound with respect to 
the final Interest Accrual Period, the level of TONA for each 
Tokyo Banking Day in the period from (and including) the 
TONA Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date 
or the redemption date, as applicable, shall be the level of 
TONA in respect of such TONA Rate Cut-Off Date. 
 (y) If, in respect of that Tokyo Banking Day “i-pTBD” or “i”, as 
applicable, the Calculation Agent determines that the TONA is not 
available on the Bloomberg Screen TONA Page or the Relevant 
Screen Page as applicable (the “TONA Screen Page”) or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, 
such TONA shall be (i) the Bank of Japan’s Bank Rate (the “Bank 
Rate”) prevailing at close of business on the relevant Tokyo Banking 
Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the TONA to the Bank Rate 
over the previous five (5) days on which a TONA has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of 
those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate (the “TONA Replacement 
Rate”). 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of 
Japan publishes guidance as to (i) how the TONA is to be 
determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the TONA, the 
Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably 
practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine the TONA 
Replacement Rate for the purpose of the Notes for so long as the 
TONA is not available or has not been published by the authorised 
distributors. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (y), if (i) the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, or (ii) the Issuer 
determines that (a) the replacement of then-current TONA by the

--- Page 142 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
142 
TONA Replacement Rate or any other amendments to the terms 
of the Notes necessary to implement such replacement would 
result in an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes only) a Capital Event, or (b) could reasonably 
result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future 
Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather 
than the relevant Maturity Date, no TONA Replacement Rate will 
be adopted by the Calculation Agent, and the TONA Replacement 
Rate for the relevant Interest Period will be equal to the last TONA 
available on the TONA Screen Page as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. Notwithstanding the above, if the provisions of this 
paragraph fail to provide a means of determining the Rate of 
Interest, Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)1.(z) above shall apply and references 
to Screen Page Reference Rate shall be deemed to be references 
to TONA Screen Page. 
 (C) Linear Interpolation  
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms) or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period provided however that if there is no rate 
available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may 
be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
(c) 
Interest on Fixed / Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed / Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically 
change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed 
Rate, on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Interest on Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note, the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon, is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and 
payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such 
Note specified in the relevant Final Terms. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of 
Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum

--- Page 143 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
143 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in 
Condition 6(l)(i) (Zero Coupon Notes)). 
(e) 
Interest on RMB Notes 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each RMB Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears 
interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per 
annum equal to the Rate of Interest. For the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong 
time) on each Interest Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable 
per Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. The determination of 
the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination by the Calculation 
Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error and after confirmation by the Issuer) 
be final and binding upon all parties. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to 
be notified to each of the Paying Agents and to be notified to Noteholders as soon 
as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth Business 
Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination and 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes 
become due and payable as a result of the Issuer being liquidated (see Condition 
11 (Events of Default)), the accrued interest per Specified Denomination shall 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with this provision but no publication of the amount of interest payable 
per Specified Denomination so calculated need be made. 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest 
to the Specified Denomination, multiplying such product by the actual number of 
days in the relevant Interest Period or, as applicable, other period concerned and 
dividing it by 365, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Renminbi sub-
unit, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. 
(f) 
Interest on CMS Linked Notes  
This Condition 5(f) is applicable only if the relevant Final Terms specify that Notes 
are CMS linked Notes (the “CMS Linked Notes”). 
(i) 
The Rate of Interest in respect of CMS Linked Notes for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined by applying one of the following formulae, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and the provisions below relating to

--- Page 144 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
144 
“Screen Rate Determination” or “ISDA Determination” shall apply, depending 
upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor x [CMS Rate1 – CMS Rate2]; or 
(B) Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor x [CMS Rate + Margin] 
where: 
“CMS Rate”, “CMS Rate1” and “CMS Rate2” means the relevant Reference 
Rate(s) or Floating Rate Option(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Gearing Factor” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the CMS Rate, the CMS Rate1 and the CMS Rate2 are 
chosen among the following Reference Rates: 
(A) “EUR CMS 2y” means EUR 2 YR CMS which is the mid 2 year Euro 
Swap Rate quoted on an annual 30/360 basis versus 6 month EURIBOR 
(Semi-annually, Act/360), as published on Reuters Page ISDAFIX2, 
Euribor basis, fixed at 11:00AM C.E.T on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date (the “Screen Page Reference Rate”). 
PROVIDED THAT if EUR CMS 2y does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page at such Relevant Time on such Interest Determination 
Date, EUR CMS 2y for such Interest Determination Date will be the 
"Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 2-year Designated Maturity" at such 
Relevant Time on such Interest Determination Date. 
“Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 2-year Designated Maturity” 
means, in respect of an Interest Determination Date, the percentage rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the quotations for 
the 2-year mid-market semi-annual swap rate provided by the Reference 
Banks to the Calculation Agent at approximately the Relevant Time on 
such Interest Determination Date. If at least three quotations are 
provided to the Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be the 
arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, 
in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, 
in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If fewer than three quotations 
are provided to the Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner.  
“2-year mid-market semi-annual swap rate” means, in respect of an 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg 
(calculated on a 30E/360 day count basis) of a fixed-for-floating EUR 
interest rate swap transaction which transaction: (A) has a designated 
maturity of 2 years commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period; (B) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer 
of good credit in the swap market; and (C) the floating leg of which is 
based on the 6-month EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA

--- Page 145 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
145 
Definitions, where references to Reset Date refers to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and where references to Designated Maturity 
refers to 6 months) rate (calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis). 
(B) “EUR CMS 5y” means EUR 5 YR CMS which is the mid 5-year Euro 
Swap Rate quoted on an annual 30/360 basis versus 6 month EURIBOR 
(Semi-annually, Act/360), as published on Reuters Page ISDAFIX2, 
Euribor basis, fixed at 11:00AM C.E.T on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. 
PROVIDED THAT if EUR CMS 5y does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page at such Relevant Time on such Interest Determination 
Date, EUR CMS 5y for such Interest Determination Date will be the 
"Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 5-year Designated Maturity" at such 
Relevant Time on such Interest Determination Date. 
“Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 5-year Designated Maturity” 
means, in respect of an Interest Determination Date, the percentage rate 
determined on the basis of the quotations for the 5-year mid-market 
semi-annual swap rate provided by the Reference Banks to the 
Calculation Agent at approximately the Relevant Time on such Interest 
Determination Date. If at least three quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be the arithmetic mean of the 
quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the lowest). If fewer than three quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
“5-year mid-market semi-annual swap rate” means, in respect of an 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg 
(calculated on a 30E/360 day count basis) of a fixed-for-floating EUR 
interest rate swap transaction which transaction: (A) has a designated 
maturity of 5 years commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period; (B) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer 
of good credit in the swap market; and (C) the floating leg of which is 
based on the 6-month EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions, where references to Reset Date refers to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and where references to Designated Maturity 
refers to 6 months) rate (calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis). 
(C) “EUR CMS 10y” means EUR 10 YR CMS which is the mid 10-year Euro 
Swap Rate quoted on an annual 30/360 basis versus 6 month EURIBOR 
(Semi-annually, Act/360), as published on Reuters Page ISDAFIX2, 
Euribor basis, fixed at 11:00AM C.E.T on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. 
PROVIDED THAT if EUR CMS 10y does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page at such Relevant Time on such Interest Determination

--- Page 146 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
146 
Date, EUR CMS 10y for such Interest Determination Date will be the 
"Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 10-year Designated Maturity" at such 
Relevant Time on such Interest Determination Date. 
“Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 10-year Designated Maturity” 
means, in respect of an Interest Determination Date, the percentage rate 
determined on the basis of the quotations for the 10-year mid-market 
semi-annual swap rate provided by the Reference Banks to the 
Calculation Agent at approximately the Relevant Time on such Interest 
Determination Date. If at least three quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be the arithmetic mean of the 
quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the lowest). If fewer than three quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
“10-year mid-market semi-annual swap rate” means, in respect of an 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg 
(calculated on a 30E/360 day count basis) of a fixed-for-floating EUR 
interest rate swap transaction which transaction: (A) has a designated 
maturity of 10 years commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period; (B) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer 
of good credit in the swap market; and (C) the floating leg of which is 
based on the 6-month EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions, where references to Reset Date refers to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and where references to Designated Maturity 
refers to 6 months) rate (calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis). 
(D) “EUR CMS 20y” means EUR 20 YR CMS which is the mid 20-year Euro 
Swap Rate quoted on an annual 30/360 basis versus 6 month EURIBOR 
(Semi-annually, Act/360), as published on Reuters Page ISDAFIX2, 
Euribor basis, fixed at 11:00AM C.E.T on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. 
PROVIDED THAT if EUR CMS 20y does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page at such Relevant Time on such Interest Determination 
Date, EUR CMS 20y for such Interest Determination Date will be the 
"Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 20-year Designated Maturity" at such 
Relevant Time on such Interest Determination Date. 
“Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 20-year Designated Maturity” 
means, in respect of an Interest Determination Date, the percentage rate 
determined on the basis of the quotations for the 20-year mid-market 
semi-annual swap rate provided by the Reference Banks to the 
Calculation Agent at approximately the Relevant Time on such Interest 
Determination Date. If at least three quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be the arithmetic mean of the

--- Page 147 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
147 
quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the lowest). If fewer than three quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
“20-year mid-market semi-annual swap rate” means, in respect of an 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg 
(calculated on a 30E/360 day count basis) of a fixed-for-floating EUR 
interest rate swap transaction which transaction: (A) has a designated 
maturity of 20 years commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period; (B) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer 
of good credit in the swap market; and (C) the floating leg of which is 
based on the 6-month EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions, where references to Reset Date refers to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and where references to Designated Maturity 
refers to 6 months) rate (calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis). 
(E) “EUR CMS 30y” means EUR 30 YR CMS which is the mid 30-year Euro 
Swap Rate quoted on an annual 30/360 basis versus 6 month EURIBOR 
(Semi-annually, Act/360), as published on Reuters Page ISDAFIX2, 
Euribor basis, fixed at 11:00AM C.E.T on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. 
PROVIDED THAT if EUR CMS 30y does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page at such Relevant Time on such Interest Determination 
Date, EUR CMS 30y for such Interest Determination Date will be the 
"Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 30-year Designated Maturity" at such 
Relevant Time on such Interest Determination Date. 
“Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 30-year Designated Maturity” 
means, in respect of an Interest Determination Date, the percentage rate 
determined on the basis of the quotations for the 30-year mid-market 
semi-annual swap rate provided by the Reference Banks to the 
Calculation Agent at approximately the Relevant Time on such Interest 
Determination Date. If at least three quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be the arithmetic mean of the 
quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the lowest). If fewer than three quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
“30-year mid-market semi-annual swap rate” means, in respect of an 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg 
(calculated on a 30E/360 day count basis) of a fixed-for-floating EUR

--- Page 148 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
148 
interest rate swap transaction which transaction: (A) has a designated 
maturity of 30 years commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period; (B) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer 
of good credit in the swap market; and (C) the floating leg of which is 
based on the 6-month EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions, where references to Reset Date refers to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and where references to Designated Maturity 
refers to 6 months) rate (calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii): 
“Reference Banks” means five leading swap dealers in the interbank 
market as selected by the Calculation Agent; and 
“Relevant Time” means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time). 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest which is 
applicable with respect to one or more Interest Periods may be 
conditional upon a specified CMS Rate being equal to or greater than a 
pre-determined rate on the relevant Interest Determination Date. Any 
such rate shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms as “Conditional 
Rate of Interest”. 
(iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if at any time prior to, on, or 
following any Interest Payment Date, (1) a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to any of the Reference Rates referred to in sub-paragraph (ii) above; 
or (2) the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines that the Screen Page 
Reference Rate has been discontinued, the Issuer will as soon as reasonably 
practicable (and in any event prior to the Relevant Time of the next Interest 
Payment Date) appoint an agent (the “CMS Rate Determination Agent”), 
which will determine, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable 
manner, and as an independent expert in the performance of its duties, 
whether a substitute or successor rate for purposes of determining the 
Reference Rate on each Interest Payment Date falling on such date or 
thereafter that is substantially comparable to the Screen Page Reference 
Rate is available. If the CMS Rate Determination Agent determines that there 
is an industry accepted successor rate, the CMS Rate Determination Agent 
will use such successor rate to determine the Reference Rate. For these 
purposes, a rate that is formally recommended as a successor EUR 
benchmark rate by a relevant central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority, 
a group of the aforesaid central banks, monetary authority or supervisory 
authority, or any similar institution (including any committee or working group 
thereof) or any supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of EURIBOR will be considered an industry accepted 
successor rate. It is further specified that if there is two or more industry 
successor rates recommended by the above-mentionned authority, 
institution or working groups, the CMS Rate Determination Agent shall 
determine which of those successor rates is most appropriate, having regard 
to, inter alia, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of 
the Issuer. If the CMS Rate Determination Agent has determined a substitute

--- Page 149 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
149 
or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, the 
“Replacement CMS Rate”), for the purposes of determining the Reference 
Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on or after such 
determination but not earlier than the actual discontinuation of the Screen 
Page Reference Rate (a) the CMS Rate Determination Agent will also 
determine changes (if any) to the business day convention, the definition of 
business day, the interest determination date, the day count fraction, and any 
method for obtaining the Replacement CMS Rate, including any adjustment 
factor needed to make such Replacement CMS Rate comparable to the 
Screen Page Reference Rate, in each case in a manner that is consistent 
with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement CMS Rates 
(including any Adjustment Spread); (b) references to the Reference Rate in 
the Conditions and the Final Terms applicable to the relevant Notes will be 
deemed to be references to the relevant Replacement CMS Rate, including 
any alternative method for determining such rate as described in (a) above; 
(c) the CMS Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of the foregoing 
as soon as reasonably practicable; and (d) the Issuer will give a notice as 
soon as reasonably practicable to the Noteholders (in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices)) and the relevant Paying Agent specifying the 
Replacement CMS Rate, as well as the details described in (a) above.  
 
The determination of the Replacement CMS Rate and the other matters 
referred to above by the CMS Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence 
of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, 
the Fiscal Agent, the relevant Paying Agent and the Noteholders, unless the 
CMS Rate Determination Agent, acting in good faith, in a commercially 
reasonable manner, and as an independent expert in the performance of its 
duties, considers at a later date that the Replacement CMS Rate is no longer 
substantially comparable to the Reference Rate or does not constitute an 
industry accepted successor rate, in which case the Issuer shall re-appoint a 
CMS Rate Determination Agent (which may or may not be the same entity 
as the original CMS Rate Determination Agent) for the purpose of confirming 
the Replacement CMS Rate or determining a substitute Replacement CMS 
Rate in an identical manner as described in this paragraph (iii). If the CMS 
Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a 
substitute Replacement CMS Rate, then the Replacement CMS Rate will 
remain unchanged.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have 
accepted the Replacement CMS Rate or such other changes pursuant to this 
paragraph (iii). 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (iii), (a) if the Issuer is 
unable to appoint a CMS Rate Determination Agent or (b) if the CMS Rate 
Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine for any 
Interest Determination Date a Replacement CMS Rate or (c) if the Issuer 
determines that (x) the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Replacement CMS Rate or any other amendment to the terms of the Notes 
necessary to implement such replacement would result in a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event or (in the case of Subordinated Notes only) a Capital

--- Page 150 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
150 
Event or (y) could reasonably result in the Relevant Resolution Authority 
treating any future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the 
Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, no Replacement CMS Rate or 
any other successor, replacement or alternative benchmark or screen rate 
will be adopted and the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period will 
be equal to the last Reference Rate available on the relevant Screen Page 
Reference Rate as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
The CMS Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading bank or a broker-
dealer in the principal financial center of the Specified Currency as appointed 
by the Issuer, (ii) the Calculation Agent, (iii) the Issuer or (iv) an affiliate of the 
Issuer. 
(iv) 
Where “ISDA Determination” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which each of the CMS Rate or the CMS Rate1 and the CMS Rate2, 
as applicable, is/are to be determined, each of the CMS Rate or the CMS 
Rate1 and the CMS Rate2 for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA 
Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (iv), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest 
Accrual Period means a rate equal to each of the CMS Rate or the CMS 
Rate1 and the CMS Rate2, as applicable, that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(x) the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(y) the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
(z) the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (iv), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and 
“Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
The relevant provisions of Condition 5 (other than 5(b)(iii) (Rate of Interest 
for Floating Rate Notes)) shall apply as though references to Floating Rate 
Notes were references to CMS Linked Notes and references to Floating Rate 
were references to each of the CMS Rate or the CMS Rate1 and the CMS 
Rate2, as applicable. 
(g) 
Inflation Linked Notes 
This Condition 5(g) is applicable only if the relevant Final Terms specify that Notes 
are inflation linked Notes (the “Inflation Linked Notes”). 
1. 
Non-revised Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
A. Where HICP is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this 
Condition 5(g)(1.) will apply. For purposes of this Condition 5(g)(1.), 
unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meaning set out below:

--- Page 151 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
151 
“Index” or “Index Level” means (subject as provided in Condition 
5(g)(1.)B. the non-revised Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices 
excluding tobacco or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco, expressed 
as an index and published monthly by Eurostat (the “HICP”). The first 
publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference 
Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for 
such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by applying one of the following 
formulae, as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) Rate of Interest = Max [Gearing Factor x (HICPm-x, / HICPm-y - 1) + 
Margin ; 0.00%]; or 
(B) Rate of Interest = Min [Max [Gearing Factor x (HICPm-x, / HICPm-y - 
1) + Margin ; 0.00%] ; Cap]  
where: 
“Gearing Factor” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
”HICPm-x” means the level of the HICP for the x number of calendar 
months preceding the month of the Interest Determination Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“HICPm-y” means the level of the HICP for the y number of calendar 
months preceding the month of the Interest Determination Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Margin” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Cap” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Index Business Day” means a day on which the TARGET System is 
operating; 
“Index Determination Date” means in respect of any date for which the 
Index level is required to be determined, the fifth Index Business Day 
prior to such date; 
“Related Instrument” means an inflation-linked bond selected by the 
Calculation Agent that is a debt obligation of one of the governments 
(but not any government agency) of France or Germany and which pays 
a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the 
level of inflation in the European Monetary Union with a maturity date 
which falls on (a) the same day as the Maturity Date, (b) the next longest 
maturity date after the Maturity Date if there is no such bond maturing 
on the Maturity Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity before the Maturity 
Date if no bond defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. 
The Calculation Agent will select the Related Instrument from such of 
those inflation-linked bonds issued on or before the relevant Issue Date 
and, if there is more than one such inflation-linked bond maturing on the 
same date, the Related Instrument shall be selected by the Calculation

--- Page 152 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
152 
Agent from among those bonds. If the Relevant Instrument is redeemed, 
the Calculation Agent will select a new Related Instrument on the same 
basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the 
originally selected Related Instrument is redeemed (including any bond 
for which the redeemed originally selected Related Instrument is 
exchanged); 
“x” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“y” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
B. Changes in Circumstances Affecting the Index 
(i) Delay in publication of Index 
If the Index Level relating to any month (the “Reference Month”) 
which is required to be taken into account for the purposes of the 
determination of the Index Level for any date (the “Relevant Level”) 
has not been published or announced by the day that is five 
Business Days before the date on which a payment is due (the 
“Affected Payment Date”), the Calculation Agent shall determine a 
Substitute Index level (in place of such Relevant Level) by using the 
following methodology: 
(1)  if applicable, the Calculation Agent will take the same action to 
determine the Substitute Index Level for the Affected Payment 
Date as that taken by the Calculation Agent (or any other party 
performing the function for a calculation agent (whatever such 
party’s title)) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the 
Related Instrument; 
(2)  if (1) above does not result in a Substitute Index Level for the 
Affected Payment Date for any reason, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Substitute Index level as follows: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level / Reference 
Level) 
where: 
“Base Level” means the level of the Index (excluding any “flash” 
estimates) published or announced by Eurostat (or any successor 
entity which published such index) in respect of the month which is 
12 calendar months prior to the month for which the Substitute Index 
Level is being determined; 
“Latest Level” means the latest level of the Index (excluding any 
“flash” estimates) published or announced by Eurostat (or any 
successor entity which published such index) prior to the month in 
respect of which the Substitute Index Level is Being Calculated; and 
“Reference Level” means the level of the Index (excluding any 
“flash” estimates) published or announced by Eurostat (or any 
successor entity which published such index) in respect of the

--- Page 153 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
153 
month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month referred to in 
“Latest Level” above. 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the 
day that is five Business Days prior to the next Interest Payment 
Date, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. The 
Substitute Index Level so determined pursuant to this Condition 5 
(g) 1. B. (i) will be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
(ii) Cessation of publication  
If the Index Level has not been published or announced for two 
consecutive months or Eurostat announces that it will no longer 
continue to publish or announce the Index then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine a successor index in lieu of any previously 
applicable Index (the “Successor Index”) by using the following 
methodology: 
(a) if at any time (other than after an Early Termination Event has 
been designated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
paragraph (e) below) a successor index has been designated 
by the Calculation Agent (or any other party performing the 
function of a calculation agent (whatever such party’s title)) 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Instrument, 
such successor index shall be designated the “Successor 
Index” for the purposes of all subsequent Interest Payment 
Dates, notwithstanding that any other Successor Index may 
previously have been determined under paragraphs (b), (c) or 
(d) below; or 
(b) if a Successor Index has not been determined under paragraph 
(a) above (and there has been no designation of an Early 
Termination Event pursuant to paragraph (e) below), and a 
notice has been given or an announcement has been made by 
Eurostat (or any successor entity which publishes such index) 
specifying that the Index will be superseded by a replacement 
index specified by Eurostat (or any such successor), and the 
Calculation Agent determines that such replacement index is 
calculated using the same or substantially similar formula or 
method of calculation as used in the calculation of the 
previously applicable Index, such replacement index shall be 
the Index from the date that such replacement index comes into 
effect; or 
(c) if a Successor Index has not determined under paragraphs (a) 
or (b) above (and there has been no designation of an Early 
Termination Event pursuant to paragraph (e) below), the 
Calculation Agent shall ask five leading independent dealers to 
state what the replacement index for the Index should be. If 
between four and five responses are received, and of those four 
or five responses, three or more leading independent dealers 
state the same index, this index will be deemed the “Successor

--- Page 154 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
154 
Index”. If three responses are received, and two or more 
leading independent dealers state the same index, this index 
will be deemed the “Successor Index”. If fewer than three 
responses are received, the Calculation Agent will proceed to 
paragraph (d) below; 
(d) if no Successor Index has been determined under paragraph 
(a), (b) or (c) above on or before the fifth Index Business Day 
prior to the next Affected Payment Date the Calculation Agent 
will determine the appropriate alternative index for such 
Affected Payment Date, and such index will be deemed the 
“Successor Index”; 
(e) if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate 
alternative index, the Issuer shall, in conjunction with the 
Calculation Agent, determine an appropriate alternative index. 
If the Issuer and the Calculation Agent does not reach 
agreement on an appropriate alternative index within a period 
of ten Business Days, then an Early Termination Event (an 
“Early Termination Event”) will be deemed to have occurred 
and the Issuer will redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 6(n) 
(Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes for Index Reasons). 
(iii) Rebasing of the Index  
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Index has been or will 
be rebased at any time, the Index as so rebased (the "Rebased 
Index") will be used for the purposes of determining each relevant 
Index Level from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, that 
the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustments as are made by 
the calculation agent (or any other party performing the function of 
a calculation agent (whatever such party's title)) pursuant to the 
terms and conditions of the Related Instrument to the levels of the 
Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same 
rate of inflation as the Index before it was rebased. Any such 
rebasing shall not affect any prior payments made. 
(iv) Material Modification Prior to Interest Payment Date  
If, on or prior to the day that is five Business Days before an Interest 
Payment Date, Eurostat announces that it will make a material 
change to the Index then the Calculation Agent shall make any such 
adjustments to the Index consistent with adjustments made to the 
Related Instrument. 
2. 
Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
A. Where the non-revised consumer price index excluding tobacco for all 
households in metropolitan France, as calculated and published by the 
Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (INSEE) 
("CPI") is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this 
Condition 5(g)(2.) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the 
meanings set out below only when this Condition 5(g)(2.) shall apply.

--- Page 155 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
155 
“Index” or “Index Level” means (subject as provided in Condition 
5(g)(2.)B. the non-revised consumer price index excluding tobacco for 
all households in metropolitan France, as calculated and published by 
the INSEE, or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation 
in metropolitan France excluding tobacco, expressed as an index and 
published monthly by INSEE. The first publication or announcement of 
a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive 
and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used 
in any calculations. 
For information purposes, such Index Level appears on the Agence 
France Тrésоr Reuters page OATINFLATIONO1 or on Bloomberg 
TRESOR <GO> pages and on the website www.aft.gouv.fг. In the case 
of doubt in the interpretation of the methods used to calculate the Index 
Level, such methods shall be interpreted by reference to the procedures 
selected by the French Treasury (Тrésor) for its obligations assimilables 
du Тrésоr indexées sur l'inflation. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by applying one of the following 
formulae, as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) Rate of Interest = Max [Gearing Factor x (CPIm-x, / CPIm-y - 1) + 
Margin ; 0.00%]; or 
(B) Rate of Interest = Min [Max [Gearing Factor x (CPIm-x, / CPIm-y - 1) + 
Margin ; 0.00%]; Cap]  
where: 
‘‘Gearing Factor’’ has the meaning specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
‘‘CPIm-x” means the level of the CPI for the x number of calendar months 
preceding the month of the Interest Determination Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
‘‘CPIm-y” means the level of the CPI for the y number of calendar months 
preceding the month of the Interest Determination Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;“Cap” has the meaning specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Index Business Day” means a day on which the TARGET System is 
operating; 
“Index Determination Date” means in respect of any date for which the 
Index level is required to be determined, the fifth Index Business Day 
prior to such date; 
“x” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“y” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
B. Events affecting the CPI 
The 
calculation 
method 
described 
below 
is 
based 
on 
the 
recommendation issued by the French Bond Association (Comité de

--- Page 156 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
156 
Normalisation Obligataire — www.cnofrance.org) in its July 2011 Paper 
entitled "Inflation Indexed Notes" (Obligations et autres instruments de 
taux d'intérêt en euro, Normes et usages des marchés de capitaux — 
Chapitrе II: Les obligations indеxéеs sur l'inflation). In the case of any 
conflict between the calculation method provided below and the 
calculation method provided by the French Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire), the calculation method provided by the 
French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire) shall 
prevail. 
If the Index is not published in a timely manner, a substitute Index (the 
"Substitute CPI Index") shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following provisions: 
If a provisional Index (indice provisoire) has already been published, 
such index shall automatically be used as the Substitute CPI Index. Such 
provisional CPI Index shall be published under the heading "indice de 
substitution". Once the definitive CPI Index is released, it shall 
automatically apply from the day following its release to all calculations 
taking place from this date. 
If no provisional CPI Index is available, a substitute index shall be 
calculated on the basis of the most recently published figure adjusted as 
set out in the following formula: 
Substitute CPI Indеxm = Index Levelm-1 x (Index Levelm-1 / Index Levelm-
13)1/12 
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes 
for the purpose of calculating the CPI Index, the two CPI Indexes which 
have been calculated on a different basis will be chained on the basis of 
the December CPI Index Level of the last year of joint publications, which 
corresponds to the CPI Index Level for March of the following year. Such 
chaining will be carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
Key = (CPI Index Level pertaining to December calculated on the new 
basis) / (CPI Index Level pertaining to December calculated on the 
previous basis) 
Such that: 
CPI Index on new basis = CPI Index on previous basis x Key 
(h) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event 
interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of 
Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date.

--- Page 157 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
157 
(i) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and 
Redemption Amounts and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or 
(y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall 
be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest 
for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with (b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the 
absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the 
next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate 
of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount shall be subject to 
such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. Whether or not a Maximum 
or Minimum rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in no 
event shall the rate of interest (including for the avoidance of doubt, as 
adjusted for any applicable margin) be less than zero.   
(iii) 
Any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest may, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, be determined by reference to (w) one or more Reference 
Rates, (x) a multiple of one or more Reference Rates, (y) the mathematical 
difference between, or the sum of a Reference Rate and a Margin and/or (z) 
any combination of (w), (x) and (y). 
(iv) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, 
(x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven 
significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency 
amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of 
such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which 
shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means 
the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency. 
(j) 
Calculations 
The Interest Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual Period shall be 
equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, unless a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is applicable to such 
Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
equal such Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as applicable. Where any 
Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of 
interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be 
the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest 
Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be 
calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall 
be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated.

--- Page 158 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
158 
(k) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption 
Amounts and Instalment Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation 
Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or 
make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the 
Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amounts 
or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or 
calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date 
and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other 
Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are admitted to 
trading on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, such 
exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
(i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such 
time, in the case of notification to such exchange of Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment 
pursuant to Condition 5(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), the Interest Amounts 
and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes 
become due and payable as a result of the Issuer being liquidated (see Condition 
11 (Events of Default)), the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in 
respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in 
accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the 
Interest Amount so calculated need be made. 
The Calculation Agent(s) shall act in good faith as an independent expert in the 
performance of its duties as described above. The Calculation Agent(s) will have 
no responsibility for good faith errors or omissions in any calculations made or 
provided by the Calculation Agent(s). The calculations and determinations of the 
Calculation Agent(s) will be made in accordance with the Conditions having regard, 
in each case, to the relevant criteria stipulated in the Conditions, in the relevant 
Final Terms and, where relevant, on the basis of information provided to or 
obtained by it as well as after such further enquiries as it deems necessary. The 
determination of rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of 
each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence 
of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(l) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below:

--- Page 159 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
159 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), 
or the formula or the methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent, the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent 
or the CMS Rate Determination Agent, as applicable, determines and which is 
required to be applied to the substitute or successor rate to reduce or eliminate, to 
the extent rasonnably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, with the replacement rate 
and is the spread, formula or methodology which is formally recommended, or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement 
of the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, or is in customary 
market usage in the internation debt capital market for transactions which 
reference the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, or if no such 
recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the Reference 
Rate Determination Agent, the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent or the CMS 
Rate Determination Agent, as applicable, determines there is no such spread, 
formula or methodology in customary market usage, the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent, the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent or the CMS Rate 
Determination Agent, as applicable, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and as an independent expert in the performance of its duty, 
determines to be appropriate; 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference Rate or 
the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, permanently or indefinitely (provided that, 
at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Screen Page Reference Rate or the Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate, as 
applicable); and/or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
of the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, the central bank 
for the currency of the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Reference 
Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap 
Rate, as applicable, or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of the Reference Rate or the Mid-
Swap Rate, as applicable, which states that the administrator of the 
Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, has ceased or will 
cease to provide the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, 
permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Screen Page Reference Rate 
or the Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable); and/or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, 
that the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable has been or 
will be prohibited from being used or that the use of the Reference Rate or

--- Page 160 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
160 
the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences; and/or 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, that the Reference 
Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, in the opinion of the supervisor, 
is no longer representative of an underlying market; and/or 
(v) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other 
party specified in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying 
Agent to calculate any payment due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable (including, without 
limitation, under the Benchmark Regulation or the UK Benchmark 
Regulation, if applicable); and/or 
(vi) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 
35 of the Benchmark Regulation or the UK Benchmark Regulation of any 
benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish such Reference 
Rate or Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, has been adopted; 
provided that, in the case of sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii), the Benchmark Event 
shall occur on the date of the cessation of publication of the Reference Rate 
or the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, and, in the case of sub-paragraphs (iii), 
(iv), (v) and (vi), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the date of non-
representativeness or prohibition of use of the Reference Rate or the Mid-
Swap Rate, as applicable, and not the date of the relevant public statement. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest 
on any Note for any period of time (from (and including) the first day of such period 
to (but excluding) the last day of such period) (whether or not constituting an 
Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
= 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360

--- Page 161 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
161 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 
and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
=  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D2 will be 30. 
(vi) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows:

--- Page 162 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
162 
Day Count Fraction 
=  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
'”D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day 
of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30. 
(vii) if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the 
sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product 
of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year. 
“Determination Period” means the period from (and including) a Determination 
Date in any year to (but excluding) the next Determination Date; 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date(s);

--- Page 163 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
163 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest 
Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest 
Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period 
Date; 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being payable on the Interest 
Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual 
Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that period calculated in accordance with Condition 5(j) 
(Calculations); 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Accrual Period or Interest Period or the interest amount in relation to RMB 
Notes, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period or Interest Period if the 
Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London 
for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period or 
Interest Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day 
falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period or Interest Period if the Specified Currency is euro; 
“Interest Payment Date” means each date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment 
Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date; 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise 
specified hereon; 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes, all the Notes issued other than (a) 
those that have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in 
respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys 
(including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and 
any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid to the Fiscal Agent as 
provided in the Fiscal Agency Agreement and remain available for payment against 
presentation and surrender of Notes, Receipts and/or Coupons, as the case may 
be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become 
prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in the 
Conditions, (e) those mutilated or defaced Bearer Notes that have been 
surrendered in exchange for replacement Notes, (f) (for the purpose only of

--- Page 164 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
164 
determining how many Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status 
for any other purpose) those Bearer Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or 
destroyed and in respect of which replacement Notes have been issued, and (g) 
any temporary Global Note to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for a 
permanent Global Note and any Global Note to the extent that it shall have been 
exchanged for one or more Definitive Bearer Notes or Registered Notes, in either 
case pursuant to its provisions; provided that for the purposes of (i) ascertaining 
the right to attend and vote at any meeting of Noteholders and (ii) the determination 
of how many Notes are outstanding for the purposes of Conditions 11 and 12 and 
Schedule 3 of the Agency Agreement, those Notes that are beneficially held by, or 
are held on behalf of, the Issuer and not cancelled shall (unless and until ceasing 
to be so held) be deemed not to be outstanding. Save for the purposes of the 
proviso herein, in the case of any Notes represented by a New Global Note, the 
Fiscal Agent shall rely on the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
in relation to any determination of the nominal amount outstanding of each New 
Global Note or relevant Global Certificate, as the case may be; 
“PRC” means the People’s Republic of China, and for the purpose of these 
Conditions, excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the Macau 
Special Administrative Region and Taiwan; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect 
of the Note and that is specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Redemption Amounts” means the Final Redemption Amount or the Early 
Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Banks” means the principal offices of four major banks in the Relevant 
Inter-Bank Market, as selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” means (included but not limited to) LIBOR, EURIBOR, SOFR or 
SONIA or any other reference rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Inter-Bank Market” means such inter-bank market as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part 
of a particular information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(or any successor or replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service, as may be determined, in connection with the 
determination of a Replacement Mid-Swap Rate by the Mid-Swap Rate 
Determination Agent, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner, 
and as an independent expert, or in connection with the determination of a 
Replacement Reference Rate by the Reference Rate Determination Agent, acting 
in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner, and as an independent 
expert); 
“Relevant Screen Page Time” means such time as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
“RMB Note(s)” means a Note(s) denominated in Renminbi;

--- Page 165 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
165 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated; 
and 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System or any successor 
thereto. 
(m) Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as 
any Note is outstanding. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in 
respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall 
be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the 
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual 
Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading 
bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, 
money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation 
Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively 
involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not 
resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption 
(i) 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this 
Condition 6, each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment 
Amounts (an “Instalment Note”) shall be partially redeemed on each 
Instalment Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at the related 
Instalment Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. The outstanding 
principal amount of each such Instalment Note shall be reduced by the 
Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference 
to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Instalment Note, such 
proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, 
unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused, 
in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date 
relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(ii) 
Final Redemption  
(A) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in 
this Condition 6, each Note shall be finally redeemed by the Issuer on 
the Maturity Date ((a) except for the Undated Subordinated Notes and 
the Undated Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and (b) provided that, in the

--- Page 166 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
166 
case of Subordinated Notes, the Maturity Date shall be a day falling at 
least five (5) years after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche, and, in 
the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Maturity Date shall be a 
day falling after at least one (1) year after the Issue Date of the relevant 
Tranche) at its final redemption amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, except that the Final Redemption Amount shall not be lower 
than 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes so redeemed 
(the “Final Redemption Amount”) or, in the case of an Instalment 
Note falling within paragraph (i) above, at its final Instalment Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(B) 
The Subordinated Notes may have no fixed maturity (the “Undated 
Subordinated Notes”). The Undated Subordinated Notes are undated 
perpetual obligations in respect of which there is no fixed redemption 
date. 
(C) 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes may have no fixed maturity (the 
“Undated Senior Non-Preferred Notes”). The Undated Senior Non-
Preferred Notes are undated perpetual obligations in respect of which 
there is no fixed redemption date. 
(b) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event 
If, by reason of any change in French laws or regulations or (in the case of 
Notes issued through its London branch) the laws or regulations of the UK, 
or any change in the official application or interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer would, 
on the occasion of the next payment of interest due in respect of the Notes, 
not be able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts 
as specified under Condition 9 (Taxation) (a “Withholding Tax Event”), the 
Issuer may, at its option on any Interest Payment Date (if such Notes are 
Floating Rate Notes) or, at any time (if such Notes are not Floating Rate 
Notes) but subject (i) in the case of Senior Notes, to the provisions of 
Condition 6(j) (Additional conditions to redemption, purchase and 
cancellation of Senior Notes prior to Maturity Date) and (ii) in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(k) (Additional conditions 
to redemption, purchase and cancellation of Subordinated Notes prior to 
Maturity Date), and subject further to having given not more than thirty (30) 
nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days’ prior notice to the holders of such 
Notes (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of such outstanding Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6(l) 
(Early Redemption Amounts) (together with any interest accrued thereon but 
unpaid to the date set for redemption) provided that the due date for 
redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than 
the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of 
interest without being required under Condition 9 (Taxation) to pay such 
additional amounts.

--- Page 167 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
167 
(ii) 
Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a Gross-Up Event 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of interest in respect of the Notes be 
required by Condition 9 (Taxation) to pay any additional amounts, but would 
be prevented by French law or (in the case of Notes issued through its 
London branch) the laws or regulations of the UK from doing so (a “Gross-
Up Event”), then the Issuer may, upon prior notice to the Fiscal Agent, at its 
option on any Interest Payment Date (if such Notes are Floating Rate Notes) 
or, at any time (if such Notes are not Floating Rate Notes) but subject (i) in 
the case of Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional 
conditions to redemption, purchase and cancellation of Senior Notes prior to 
Maturity Date) and (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the provisions 
of Condition 6(k) (Additional conditions to redemption, purchase and 
cancellation of Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date), and subject 
further to having given not more than thirty (30) nor less than seven (7) 
calendar days’ prior notice to the holders of such Notes (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all, but 
not some only, of such outstanding Notes then outstanding at their Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6(l) (Early 
Redemption Amounts) (together with any interest accrued thereon (but 
unpaid) to the date set for redemption) on the latest practicable date on which 
the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in 
respect of such Notes, provided that if such notice would expire after such 
latest practicable date, the date for redemption pursuant to such notice of 
holders of such Notes shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable date on 
which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and 
payable in respect of such Notes and (ii) fourteen (14) calendar days after 
giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid. 
(iii) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Deductibility Event with respect 
to Subordinated Notes 
If the Notes are Subordinated Notes and if by reason of any change in French 
laws or regulations or (in the case of Subordinated Notes issued through its 
London branch) the laws or regulations of the UK, or any change in the official 
application or interpretation of such laws or regulations, in each case 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the tax regime of any payments 
of interest under such Subordinated Notes is modified and such modification 
results in the part of the interest payable by the Issuer under such 
Subordinated Notes that is tax-deductible being reduced (a “Tax 
Deductibility Event”), the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 
6(k) (Additional conditions to redemption, purchase and cancellation of 
Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date), at its option, at any time (in the 
case of Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) but subject to having given not 
more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days’ notice to holders 
of such Subordinated Notes (which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance 
with Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of such 
outstanding Subordinated Notes at their Early Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption Amounts)

--- Page 168 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
168 
(together with any interest accrued thereon but unpaid to the date set for 
redemption), provided that the due date for redemption of which notice 
hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date 
on which the Issuer could make such payment of interest not being impacted 
by the reduction in tax deductibility giving rise to the Tax Deductibility Event.  
(c) 
Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification 
Event  
(i) 
If “MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event Call Option” is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, then upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject (i) in the case 
of Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional conditions to 
redemption, purchase and cancellation of Senior Notes prior to Maturity 
Date) and (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the provisions of 
Condition 6((l) (Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of 
Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date), at any time and subject to having 
given not more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days’ prior 
notice to the holders of such Notes in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) of the 
outstanding Notes at their Early Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption Amounts) (together with 
any interest accrued thereon but unpaid to the date set for redemption). 
(ii) 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event 
Call Option will be permitted prior to five (5) years from the Issue Date, unless 
a Capital Event also occurs. 
“Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to (i) MREL and (ii) the principles 
set forth in the FSB TLAC Term Sheet or any successor principles. If there are 
separate laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to 
the principles described in (i) and (ii), then “Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations” 
means all such regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies (including, 
without limitation, the BRRD II and the CRD V). 
“FSB TLAC Term Sheet” means the Total Loss Absorbing Capacity term sheet 
set forth in the document dated 9 November 2015 published by the Financial 
Stability Board, entitled “Principles on Loss absorbing and Recapitalisation 
Capacity of G SIBs in Resolution”, as amended from time to time. 
“MREL” refers to the “minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities” 
for banking institutions under the BRRD, set in accordance with Article 45 of the 
BRRD (as transposed in Article L.613-44 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier), Article 12 of the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation and 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2016/1450 of 23 May 2016 (as may 
be amended from time to time), or any successor requirement under the Applicable 
MREL/TLAC Regulations and/or the Applicable Banking Regulation, and in 
particular the BRRD Revision (or any provision of French law implementing the 
BRRD Revision) and/or the CRR II Regulation. 
“MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event” means:

--- Page 169 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
169 
a) 
with respect to Senior Preferred Notes, a change in the classification of the 
Senior Preferred Notes under the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations that 
would be likely to result in the full or partial disqualification of the Senior 
Preferred Notes as MREL/TLAC Eligible Instruments, except by reason of 
any quantitative limitation on the amount of liabilities that rank pari passu with 
unsubordinated liabilities that cannot count towards the MREL and the TLAC 
of the Issuer in each case in accordance with the Applicable MREL/TLAC 
Regulations; 
b) 
with respect to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, a change in the classification of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes under the Applicable MREL/TLAC 
Regulations that would be likely to result in the full or partial disqualification 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL/TLAC Eligible Instruments 
without any quantum limitation applicable to such Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes;  
c) 
with respect to Subordinated Notes, a change in the classification of the 
Subordinated Notes under the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations that 
would be likely to result in the full or partial disqualification of the 
Subordinated Notes as MREL/TLAC Eligible Instruments;  
in each case, except where such non-qualification was reasonably foreseeable at 
the Issue Date or is due to the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than 
any period prescribed by the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations or, with respect 
to Senior Preferred Notes only, is due to the Senior Preferred Notes not meeting 
any requirements in relation to their ranking in insolvency.    
“MREL/TLAC Eligible Instrument” means an instrument that is eligible to be 
counted towards the MREL and the TLAC of the Issuer, in each case in accordance 
with the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations, and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
irrespective of the quantum limitation that may be applicable to certain types of 
instruments by the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations. 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the ACPR, the Single Resolution Board 
established pursuant to the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation and/or any 
other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of the Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers from time to time (including the Council of the European 
Union and the European Commission when acting pursuant to Article 18 of the 
Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation). 
(d) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to 
Subordinated Notes  
If the Notes are Subordinated Notes, upon the occurrence of a Capital Event, the 
Issuer may, at its option, but subject to the provisions of Condition 6(k) (Additional 
conditions to redemption, purchase and cancellation of Subordinated Notes prior 
to Maturity Date), at any time, subject to having given not more than thirty (30) nor 
less than fifteen (15) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some 
only) of such outstanding Subordinated Notes at their Early Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption Amounts)

--- Page 170 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
170 
(together with any interest accrued thereon but unpaid to the date set for 
redemption). 
“Capital Event” means a change in the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes that was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date that 
would be likely to result in the full or partial disqualification of the Subordinated 
Notes from Tier 2 Capital. 
“Tier 2 Capital” means capital which is treated as a constituent of tier 2 under 
Applicable Banking Regulations from time to time for the purposes of the Issuer. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer  
(i) 
If a Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, at its option, but subject (i) in the case of Senior Notes, to the 
provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional conditions to redemption, purchase 
and cancellation of Senior Notes prior to Maturity Date) and (ii) in the case 
of Subordinated Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(k) (Additional 
conditions to redemption, purchase and cancellation of Subordinated Notes 
prior to Maturity Date), on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty 
(30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice to the holders of such Note in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), (or such other notice period as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem all or, if so provided, some 
of, the outstanding Notes on any Optional Redemption Date as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6(m) 
(Optional Redemption Amounts) (together with interest accrued thereon but 
unpaid to the date fixed for redemption). Any such redemption or exercise 
must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on 
the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to the holders shall also contain 
the serial numbers of the Bearer Notes or in the case of Registered Notes 
shall specify the nominal amount of Registered Notes drawn and the 
holder(s) of such Registered Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been 
drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in 
the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements.  
In respect of any Note, any notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 6(e) shall be void and of no effect in relation to that Note in the 
event that, prior to the giving of such notice by the Issuer, the relevant 
Noteholder had already delivered an Exercise Notice in relation to that Note 
in accordance with Condition 6(g) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
with respect to Senior Notes).

--- Page 171 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
171 
(ii) 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no Call Option will be permitted prior to 
five (5) years from the Issue Date.  
(f) 
Clean-up Redemption Option 
(i) 
If a Clean-up Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, and if 80 per cent. or any higher percentage specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-up Percentage”) of the initial aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes (which for the avoidance of doubt includes, any 
additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the 
first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or 
purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and, in 
each case, cancelled, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject (i) in the case 
of Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional conditions to 
redemption, purchase and cancellation of Senior Notes prior to Maturity 
Date) and (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the provisions of 
Condition 6(k) (Additional conditions to redemption, purchase and 
cancellation of Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date), on giving not less 
than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice 
to the holders of such Note in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) (or 
such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
redeem the outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their Optional 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6(m) 
(Optional Redemption Amounts) (together with any interest accrued thereon 
but unpaid to the date set for redemption) on any Optional Clean-up 
Redemption Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no Clean-up Redemption Option will be 
permitted prior to five (5) years from the Issue Date. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders with respect to Senior Notes 
If the Notes are Senior Notes and if a Put Option is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Notes, 
upon the holder of such Notes giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty 
(30) calendar days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such outstanding Notes on the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms at the 
redemption amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (together with interest 
accrued thereon but unpaid to the Optional Redemption Date as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), it being specified that such redemption amount shall not be 
lower than 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes so redeemed. 
To exercise such option, the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
such Notes (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons if any, relating thereto) with any Paying Agent at its specified office, or (in 
the case of Registered Notes) the Registered Notes with the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent at its specified office, together with a duly completed option 
exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the applicable notice

--- Page 172 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
172 
period. No Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as 
provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(h) 
Purchases 
(i) 
Senior Notes 
The Issuer may, at its option, at any time, purchase Senior Notes (provided 
that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating 
thereto, if any, are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open 
market or otherwise at any price, subject to applicable laws and regulations 
and subject to the provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional conditions to 
redemption, purchase and cancellation of Senior Notes, prior to Maturity 
Date). Senior Notes so purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may be held 
and resold in accordance with applicable laws and regulations or cancelled 
in accordance with Condition 6(i) (Cancellation).  
(ii) 
Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer may, at its option (but subject to the provisions of Condition 6(k) 
(Additional conditions to redemption, purchase and cancellation of 
Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date)), purchase Subordinated Notes 
(provided that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons relating thereto, if any, are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) 
in the open market or otherwise at any price, subject to applicable laws and 
regulations. Subordinated Notes so purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer 
may be held and resold in accordance with applicable laws and regulations 
or cancelled in accordance with Condition 6(i) (Cancellation).  
Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer or any agent on its behalf shall have 
the right at all times to purchase Subordinated Notes in any other cases, as 
authorised from time to time by applicable law and subject to the prior 
permission of the Relevant Regulator, if required. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
Any Notes redeemed or purchased for cancellation by the Issuer shall forthwith, 
and any Notes otherwise purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may, but subject 
(i) in the case of Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional 
conditions to redemption, purchase and cancellation of Senior Notes prior to 
Maturity Date) and (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the provisions of 
Condition 6(k) (Additional conditions to redemption, purchase and cancellation of 
Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date), in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations, be surrendered for cancellation. Notes will be cancelled, in the case of 
Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Issuing Agent and, in 
the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Registered Note to the 
Registrar. Any Notes so cancelled, or so surrendered for cancellation, may not be 
reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes 
shall be discharged. For so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of and listed on Euronext Paris, the Issuer will forthwith inform 
Euronext Paris of any such cancellation.

--- Page 173 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
173 
(j) 
Additional conditions to redemption, purchase and cancellation of Senior 
Notes prior to Maturity Date 
In the case of Senior Notes, the Issuer’s options to redeem, purchase or cancel the 
Notes under Conditions 6(b)(i) (Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a 
Withholding Tax Event), 6(b)(ii) (Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a 
Gross-Up Event), 6(c) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event), 6(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), 6(f) (Clean-
up Redemption Option), 6(h)(i) (Senior Notes) and 6(i) (Cancellation) are subject 
(i) to such redemption, repurchase or cancellation not being prohibited by the 
Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations and (ii) to the prior permission of the Relevant 
Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if required. 
(k) 
Additional conditions to redemption, purchase and cancellation of 
Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date 
The Subordinated Notes may only be redeemed, purchased or cancelled (as 
applicable) pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 6(c) 
(Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event), 
Condition 6(d) ((Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect 
to Subordinated Notes), Condition 6(e)(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), 
Condition 6(f) (Clean-up Redemption Option), Condition 6(h)(ii)(Subordinated 
Notes) (subject to the provisions set out in the second paragraph) or Condition 6(i) 
(Cancellation), as the case may be, if all of the following conditions are met when 
such conditions are applicable pursuant to the below: 
(i) 
such redemption, purchase or cancellation (as applicable) is not being 
prohibited by the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations and/or the Applicable 
Banking Regulations; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if required, 
has given its prior permission to such redemption, purchase or cancellation 
(as applicable); 
In this respect, articles 77 and 78 of the CRR II Regulation, as applicable as 
at the date hereof, provides that the Relevant Regulator shall grant 
permission to a redemption or repurchase of Subordinated Notes provided 
that either of the following conditions is met, as applicable to the 
Subordinated Notes: 
a)   in any case (x) on or before such redemption or repurchase of the 
Subordinated Notes, the Issuer replaces the Subordinated Notes with 
instruments qualifying as own funds of an equal or higher quality on 
terms that are sustainable for the Issuer’s income capacity, or (y) the 
Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator 
that owns funds and eligibile liabilities of the Issuer would, following such 
redemption or repurchase, exceed the requirements laid down in the 
CRD V and the BRRD II by a margin that the Relevant Regulator 
considers necessary; and 
b) no redemption or repurchase of Subordinated Notes will be permitted 
prior to five (5) years from the Issue Date except:

--- Page 174 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
174 
A. in the case of a Capital Event, if (a) the Relevant Regulator 
considers the relevant change in the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes to be sufficiently certain, and (b) the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the 
Capital Event was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the 
issuance of the Subordinated Notes; or 
B. in the case of a Tax Event, if the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the change referred to in 
Condition 6(b)(i) (Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a 
Withholding Tax Event), (6(b)(ii) (Redemption of Notes upon the 
occurrence of a Gross-Up Event) or 6(b)(iii) (Redemption upon the 
occurrence of a Tax Deductibility Event with respect to 
Subordinated Notes), as applicable, is material and was not 
reasonably foreseeable at the time of issuance of the Subordinated 
Notes; or 
C. if, on or before such redemption or repurchase of the Subordinated 
Notes, the Issuer replaces the Subordinated Notes with own funds 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for the income capacity of the Issuer and the Relevant Regulator 
has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it 
would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by 
exceptional circumstances; or 
D. if the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making 
purposes. Any purchase for market making purposes is further 
subject to the conditions set out in Article 29 of the CDR, in particular 
with respect to the predetermined amount authorised by the 
Relevant Regulator; and 
(iii) 
in the case of a redemption as a result of a Special Event, the Issuer has 
delivered a certificate to the Fiscal Agent (with copies thereof being available 
at the Fiscal Agent's specified office during its normal business hours) not 
less than five (5) Business Days prior to the date set for redemption that such 
Special Event has occurred or will occur and no more than ninety (90) days 
following the date fixed for redemption, as the case may be. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Regulator and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority to give its prior permission (if required) shall not 
constitue a default for any purpose.  
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in 
France including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, those 
regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then 
in effect, and as applied by, the Relevant Regulator. 
“Relevant Regulator” means the ECB and any successor or replacement thereto, 
or other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and 
supervision of the Issuer.

--- Page 175 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
175 
“Special Event” means either a Tax Event or a Capital Event. 
“Tax Event” means either a Withholding Tax Event, a Gross-Up Event or a Tax 
Deductibility Event. 
(l) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
The early redemption amount payable in respect of a Note, upon redemption of 
such Note, as the case may be, pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons), Condition 6(c) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event) or Condition 6(d) (Redemption upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to Subordinated Notes) or upon it 
becoming due and payable (see Condition 11 (Events of Default)) (the “Early 
Redemption Amount”) shall be calculated as follows: 
 (i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided 
below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised 
Face Amount of any Zero Coupon Note shall be the Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
(which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate 
as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price 
of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the 
Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount 
of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such 
sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the 
Amortised Face Amount becomes due and payable were the Relevant 
Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance 
with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and 
after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls 
on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and 
payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note 
on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms together with 
any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 6(b) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 6(c) (Redemption upon 
the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event) or Condition 
6(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect 
to Subordinated Notes). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, 
it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes

--- Page 176 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
176 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than 
Zero Coupon Notes described in (i) above) shall be, as specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms: 
- 
the Final Redemption Amount; or 
- 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other person 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) and equal to the greater of (x) 100 
per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the 
sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of 
principal and interest on such Notes (excluding any interest accrued on 
the Notes to, but excluding, the due date for redemption) discounted to 
the due date for redemption on an annual basis at the Make-Whole 
Redemption Rate plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin (the “Make-
Whole Redemption Amount”). 
 
Where: 
“Make-Whole Redemption Margin” means the margin as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Rate” means (i) the average of the four 
quotations given by the Reference Dealers of the mid-market annual 
yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the fourth Business Day 
preceding the due date for redemption at 11:00 a.m. (CET) (the 
“Reference Dealer Quotation”) or (ii) the Reference Screen Rate, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Make-Whole Redemption 
Rate will be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 16 of 
the section Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 
15 of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as 
applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks selected by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) which are primary European government security dealers, and 
their respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond 
issues, or such other banks or method of selection of such banks as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Screen Rate” means the screen rate as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Security” means the security as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will 
be chosen by the Calculation Agent (or such other person specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the third Business Day 
preceding the due date for redemption, quoted in writing by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds issued 
by the same issuer as the Reference Security having an actual or

--- Page 177 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
177 
interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes 
that would be used, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and 
the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other person specified in the relevant Final Terms) shall (in the absence 
of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(m) Optional Redemption Amounts 
The optional redemption amount payable in respect of a Note, upon redemption of 
such Note, as the case may be, pursuant to Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer), Condition 6(f) (Clean-up Redemption Option), Condition (h) 
(Redemption at the Option of Noteholders with respect to Senior Notes), shall be 
calculated as follows: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
The Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note shall be determined in the same manner as the Early Redemption 
Amount applicable to Zero Coupon Notes in accordance with Condition 6(l) 
(Early Redemption Amounts). 
(ii) 
Other Notes 
The Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than 
Zero Coupon Notes described in (i) above) shall be, as specified in or 
determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms: 
- 
the Optional Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the 
manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms, except that the Optional 
Redemption Amount shall not be lower than 100 per cent. of the principal 
amount of the Notes so redeemed; or 
- 
the Make-Whole Redemption Amount. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and 
the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other person specified in the relevant Final Terms) shall (in the absence 
of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(n) 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes for Index Reasons 
If the Notes are Inflation Linked Notes, if an Early Termination Event is deemed to 
have occurred, the Issuer will, upon giving not more than thirty (30) nor less than 
fifteen (15) calendar days' notice to the holders of such Notes in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the relevant Notes at their 
outstanding principal amount together with interest accrued but unpaid up to (and 
including) the date of redemption of such Notes.

--- Page 178 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
178 
7 
Substitution and Variation 
(a) 
Substitution and Variation of Senior Notes 
If the Notes are Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and with respect to Senior Preferred 
Notes if “Substitution and Variation” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, in the event that a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event, a Withholding Tax 
Event or a Gross-Up Event occurs and is continuing, the Issuer may, subject to the 
prior permission of the Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, if required, substitute all (but not some only) of such Senior Notes or 
modify the terms of all (but not some only) of such Senior Notes, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of such Senior Notes, so 
that they become or remain Qualifying Senior Notes, subject to having given not 
more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days’ notice to the holders 
of such Senior Notes (which shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices). 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such 
substitution or modification shall take effect and where the holders of such Senior 
Notes can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms and conditions of the Senior 
Notes. Such substitution or modification will be effected without any cost or charge 
to the holders of such Senior Notes. 
“Qualifying Senior Notes” means, at any time, any securities issued directly or 
indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which at such time comply with the then current requirements 
for MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments as embodied in the Applicable 
MREL/TLAC Regulations; and 
(ii) 
carry the same rate of interest, including for the avoidance of doubt any rate 
of interest reset provisions, from time to time applying to the relevant Senior 
Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 
7; and 
(iii) 
have the same outstanding principal amount as the relevant Senior Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition this 7; and 
(iv) 
have the same currency of payment, the same denomination, the same date 
of maturity and the same dates for payment of interest as the relevant Senior 
Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 
7; and 
(v) 
rank pari passu with the relevant Senior Notes prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 7; and 
(vi) 
shall not at such time be subject to a Withholding Tax Event and/or a Gross-
Up Event, as applicable; and  
(vii) have terms not otherwise materially less favourable to the holders of the 
relevant Senior Notes than the terms of such Senior Notes, as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer, and provided that the Issuer shall have delivered 
an officer’s certificate to that effect to the Fiscal Agent at the Fiscal Agent's 
specified office during its normal business hours not less than five (5)

--- Page 179 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
179 
Business Days prior to (x) in the case of a substitution of the relevant Senior 
Notes pursuant to this Condition 7, the Issue Date of the relevant new Series 
of securities or (y) in the case of a variation of the relevant Senior Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 7, the date on which such variation becomes 
effective; and 
(viii) are listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange as selected by the 
Issuer, if the relevant Senior Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a 
stock exchange immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to this Condition; and 
(ix) 
have at least the same solicited published rating ascribed to them or 
expected to be ascribed to them as that of the relevant Senior Notes, if the 
relevant Senior Notes had a solicited published rating from a rating agency 
immediately prior to such substitution or variation. 
(b) 
Substitution and Variation of Subordinated Notes 
If the Notes are Subordinated Notes, in the event that a Capital Event, a 
Withholding Tax Event, a Gross-Up Event, a Tax Deductibility Event, or a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing, the Issuer may, 
subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, if required, substitute all (but not some only) of such 
Subordinated Notes or modify the terms of all (but not some only) of such 
Subordinated Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
holders of such Subordinated Notes, so that they become or remain Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes, subject to having given not more than thirty (30) nor less than 
fifteen (15) calendar days’ notice to the holders of such Subordinated Notes (which 
shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). No substitution of 
any Subordinated Notes in case of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event will be 
permitted prior to five (5) years from the Issue Date unless a Capital Event also 
occurs.  
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such 
substitution or modification shall take effect and where the holders of such 
Subordinated Notes can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms and conditions 
of the Subordinated Notes. Such substitution or modification will be effected 
without any cost or charge to the holders of such Subordinated Notes. 
 “Qualifying Subordinated Notes” means, at any time, any securities issued 
directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which at such time comply with the then current requirements 
for Tier 2 Capital as embodied in the Applicable Banking Regulations and 
MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments under the Applicable MREL/TLAC 
Regulations; and 
(ii) 
carry the same rate of interest, including for the avoidance of doubt any rate 
of interest reset provisions, from time to time applying to the relevant 
Subordinated Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
this Condition 7; and

--- Page 180 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
180 
(iii) 
have the same outstanding principal amount as the relevant Subordinated 
Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 
7; and 
(iv) 
have the same currency of payment, the same denomination, the same date 
of maturity and the same dates for payment of interest as the relevant 
Subordinated Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
this Condition 7; and 
(v) 
rank pari passu with the relevant Subordinated Notes prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 7 (and, for the avoidance 
of doubt, prior to any change to a more senior rank of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes following a Capital Event); and 
(vi) 
shall not at such time be subject to a Withholding Tax Event and/or a Gross-
Up Event, and/or a Tax Deductibility Event, as applicable; and  
(vii) have terms not otherwise materially less favourable to the holders of the 
relevant Subordinated Notes than the terms of such Subordinated Notes, as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that the Issuer shall have 
delivered an officer’s certificate to that effect to the Fiscal Agent at the Fiscal 
Agent's specified office during its normal business hours not less than five 
(5) Business Days prior to (x) in the case of a substitution of the relevant 
Notes pursuant to this Condition 7, the Issue Date of the relevant new series 
of securities or (y) in the case of a variation of the relevant Notes pursuant to 
this Condition 7, the date on which such variation becomes effective; and 
(viii) are listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange as selected by the 
Issuer, if the relevant Subordinated Notes were listed or admitted to trading 
on a stock exchange immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to this Condition 7; and 
(ix) 
have at least the same solicited published rating ascribed to them or 
expected to be ascribed to them as that of the relevant Subordinated Notes, 
if the relevant Subordinated Notes had a solicited published rating from a 
rating agency immediately prior to such substitution or variation. 
8 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest shall, subject as mentioned below, be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of 
payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and 
provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Note), 
Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as 
specified in Condition 8(f)(vi) (Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and 
Unexchanged Talons) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in 
Condition 8(f)(vi) (Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and Unexchanged Talons), 
as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of 
the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency with, a bank in 
the principal financial center for that currency (which, in the case of Renminbi,

--- Page 181 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
181 
means Hong Kong) or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to 
the TARGET System. 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 8(b) shall 
include final Instalment Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in 
respect of Registered Notes will be paid to the person shown on the register 
or such person’s agent upon presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Registered Notes at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents, of the 
Registrar or, in the case of Registered Notes to be cleared through DTC, of 
the DTC Paying Agent. 
(ii) 
Interest (which for the purposes of this Condition 8(b) shall include all 
Instalment Amounts other than final Instalment Amounts) on Registered 
Notes will be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of 
business on the 15th day before the due date for payment thereof or, in case 
of Registered Notes to be cleared through DTC, on the fifteenth DTC 
business day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”).  
“Provided that payments of principal and interest in respect of Registered 
Notes under paragraphs (i) and (ii) above will be made in the currency in 
which such payments are due by cheque drawn on a bank in the principal 
financial center of the country of the currency concerned (which, in the case 
of Renminbi, means Hong Kong) and mailed to the holder (or to the first 
named of joint holders) of such Note at its address appearing in the Register. 
Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent or, in the case of Registered Notes to be cleared through 
DTC, of the DTC Paying Agent before the Record Date, such payment of 
interest or principal may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant 
currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal financial center 
of the country of that currency (which, in the case of Renminbi, means Hong 
Kong).” 
(iii) 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Registered Notes 
denominated in U.S. dollars will be made in accordance with Condition 8(b)(i) 
(Registered Notes) and 8(b)(ii) (Registered Notes). Payments of principal 
and interest in respect of Registered Notes registered in the name of, or in 
the name of a nominee for, DTC and denominated in a specified currency 
other than U.S. dollars will be made or procured to be made, by the DTC 
Paying Agent in the specified currency in accordance with the following 
provisions. The amounts in such specified currency payable by the DTC 
Paying Agent with respect to Registered Notes held by DTC or its nominee 
will be received from the Issuer by the DTC Paying Agent who will make 
payments in such specified currency by wire transfer of same day funds to 
the designated bank account in such specified currency of those DTC 
participants entitled to receive the relevant payment who have made an 
irrevocable election to DTC, in the case of interest payments, on or prior to 
the third DTC business day after the Record Date for the relevant payment 
of interest and, in the case of payments of principal, at least 12 DTC business

--- Page 182 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
182 
days prior to the relevant payment date, to receive that payment in such 
specified currency. The DTC Paying Agent, after the Exchange Agent has 
converted amounts in such specified currency into U.S. dollars, will cause 
the Exchange Agent to deliver such U.S. dollar amount in same day funds to 
DTC for payment through its settlement system to those DTC participants 
entitled to receive the relevant payment who did not elect to receive such 
payment in such specified currency. The Agency Agreement sets out the 
manner in which such conversions are to be made. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. 
dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer 
shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) 
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded 
by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such 
amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations 
applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 9 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to 
an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto 
(“FATCA”). 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents the DTC 
Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, 
the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the Issuing Agent, the DTC Paying Agent and 
the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or 
Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, the 
Transfer Agents, the Issuing Agent, the DTC Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent 
and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to 
Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) a DTC 
Paying Agent in respect of Registered Notes cleared through DTC, (v) one or more

--- Page 183 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
183 
Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (vi) Paying Agents having 
specified offices in at least two major European cities one of which (A) so long as 
the Notes are listed on Euronext Paris and the rules of that exchange so require, 
shall be Paris and (B) so long as the Notes are listed on any other stock exchange 
and the rules of such stock exchange so require, shall be a specified city of the 
country of such stock exchange, (vii) such other agents as may be required by any 
other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed and (viii) a Paying Agent 
with a specified office in an EEA Member State or in the UK.  
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint and maintain a Paying Agent in New 
York City in respect of any Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances 
described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any change in any agent mentioned in this paragraph or any change of 
any specified office shall promptly be given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and Unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption, Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate 
Notes shall be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons 
(if any) appertaining thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value 
of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being 
made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall 
be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any 
amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the 
Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
has become void pursuant to Condition 10 (Prescription)). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating 
Rate Note, any unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of 
them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged 
Talon relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and 
no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note that is redeemable in 
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date 
falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons 
are to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is 
presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any 
Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon 
relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require.

--- Page 184 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
184 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest 
or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be 
payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant 
Bearer Note or the Certificate representing the Note, as the case may be. 
Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall 
be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant 
Note. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon 
sheet issued in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet 
may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a 
further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) 
(but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 10 
(Prescription)). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, or, where applicable, Receipt or 
Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the 
next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such 
postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business in the relevant Financial Centers and: 
(i) 
in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro, where payment is to 
be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant 
currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the 
relevant currency in the principal financial center of the country of such 
currency (which, in the case of Renminbi, means Hong Kong); or 
(ii) 
in the case of a payment in euro, which is a TARGET Business Day. 
(i) 
Payments of U.S. Dollar Equivalent 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, if an Inconvertibility, Non-
Transferability or Illiquidity occurs or if Renminbi is otherwise not available to the 
Issuer as a result of circumstances beyond its control and such unavailability has 
been confirmed by a Renminbi Dealer, following which the Issuer is unable to 
satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of RMB 
Notes, the Issuer on giving not less than five nor more than 30-days irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, may settle any such 
payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar 
Equivalent of any such Renminbi denominated amount. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, if the relevant Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity event 
occurs or the Renminbi Dealer's decision is taken within five days before the 
relevant due date for payment then such notice shall be given as soon as 
practicable and whether on or prior to the due date for payment.

--- Page 185 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
185 
In such event, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes shall be made by transfer to the U.S. dollar account 
of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 
8(i) by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all Noteholders. These provisions may be 
amended or supplemented in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any 
agency or instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the 
regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong. 
“Illiquidity” means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong 
becomes illiquid, other than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-
Transferability, as determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi Dealers. 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for 
the Issuer to convert any amount due in respect of RMB Notes in the general 
Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is 
due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event 
beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible 
for the Issuer to deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an 
account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong, other than where 
such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, 
rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to 
an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“Renminbi Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of 
international repute active in the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong 
reasonably selected by the Issuer. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Agent” means the agent appointed from time to time by 
the Issuer for the determination of the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong and in New York City. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Date” means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation 
Business Days before the due date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount 
under the Conditions.

--- Page 186 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
186 
“RMB Spot Rate” for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot CNY/U.S. 
dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with CNY in the over-the-
counter CNY exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement on the relevant due 
date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent at or around 
11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on such RMB Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable 
basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If such rate is not available, 
the RMB Rate Calculation Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at or around 
11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the RMB Rate Calculation Date as the most recently 
available CNY/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for settlement on the relevant due date 
for payment reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, 
which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page 
on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter 
Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as 
may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency 
exchange rate. 
“U.S. Dollar Equivalent” means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into U.S. 
dollars using the RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as 
calculated by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent. 
9 
Taxation 
(a) 
General provisions 
All payments in respect of the Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, those 
Notes referred to in Condition 9(b) (Additional provisions applicable to Notes 
issued through the Issuer’s London branch)) and any related Receipts and 
Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, 
or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of France, or any 
authority therein or thereof, having the power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes is required by law (“French Withholding”). 
(b) 
Additional provisions applicable to Notes issued through the Issuer’s 
London branch 
In addition, all payments in respect of Notes issued through the Issuer's London 
branch and any related Receipts and Coupons shall also be made free and clear 
of, and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of the UK, or any authority therein or thereof, having the power to tax, unless 
the withholding or deduction of such taxes is required by law (“UK Withholding”). 
(c) 
Additional Amounts 
If there is French Withholding or (in the case of Notes issued through the Issuer’s 
London branch) UK Withholding on any payment of interest in respect of the Notes 
or Coupons relating thereto, the Issuer shall, to the fullest extent then permitted by 
law, pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the holders of 
Notes, or Coupons, after such deduction or withholding, will receive the same

--- Page 187 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
187 
amounts of interest as would have been received by them had no such withholding 
or deduction been required; provided, however, that the Issuer shall not be liable 
to pay any such additional amounts in respect of any payment of interest in 
connection with any Note or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is subject to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Republic of France 
or (in the case of Notes issued through the Issuer’s London branch) the UK, 
in each case, other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) 
for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent 
that the holder thereof would have been entitled to such additional amounts 
on presenting the same for payment on or before the thirtieth day of such 
time period; or 
(iii) 
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) 
for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid 
such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note (or the 
Certificate representing it) or Coupon to another Paying Agent in a Member 
State of the European Union or in the UK; or 
(iv) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed pursuant to FATCA. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon 
means the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any 
amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which 
payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven 
days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further 
presentation of the Note and/or Coupon being made in accordance with the 
Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made 
upon, where applicable, such presentation. 
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any 
premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Redemption 
Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase, Options), (ii) “interest” 
shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable 
pursuant to Condition 5 (Interest or Other Calculations) and (iii) “principal” and/or 
“interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable 
under this Condition. 
10 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and, where applicable, the 
Receipts and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be 
prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) 
or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of 
them.

--- Page 188 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
188 
11 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Optional Events of Default in respect of Senior Preferred Notes 
With respect to Senior Preferred Notes, if any of the following events (each, an 
“Event of Default” and together, the “Events of Default”) (provided that one or 
more of such Events of Default are specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms), occurs and is continuing, the holder of such Senior Preferred Notes may 
give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Senior 
Preferred Notes are immediately repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption 
Amount of such Senior Preferred Notes determined in accordance with Condition 
6(c) (Early Redemption), together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon (if any) 
to the date of payment, shall become immediately due and payable, unless such 
Event of Default shall have been remedied prior to the receipt of such notice by the 
Fiscal Agent: 
(i)  Non-Payment 
Default is made for more than thirty (30) calendar days (in the case of interest) 
or twenty (20) calendar days (in the case of principal) in the payment on the 
due date of interest or principal in respect of such Senior Preferred Notes; or 
(ii)  Breach of Other Obligations 
Any obligation of the Issuer relating to such Senior Preferred Notes is not 
fulfilled within a period of sixty (60) calendar days following the date on which 
a written notification requiring the same to be remedied shall have been given 
to the Fiscal Agent by any holder of such Senior Preferred Notes; or 
(iii)  Insolvency 
The Issuer applies for or is subject to (i) a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights generally or (ii) a 
judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the 
Issuer or (iii) the Issuer is subject to similar proceedings, except in the case of 
a disposal, merger or other reorganisation in which all of or substantially all of 
the Issuer’s assets are transferred to a French legal entity which 
simultaneously assumes all of the Issuer’s debt and liabilities including the 
Senior Preferred Notes and whose main purpose is the continuation of, and 
which effectively continues, the Issuer’s business. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Events of Default are not applicable, 
there will be no events of default under the Senior Preferred Notes which would 
lead to an acceleration of such Notes if certain events occur. However, if any 
judgment were issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer 
or if the Issuer were liquidated for any other reason, then the Senior Preferred 
Notes would become immediately due and payable.

--- Page 189 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
189 
(b) 
No events of default in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes 
There are no events of default under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes which would lead to an acceleration of such Notes if certain 
events occur. 
However, if any judgment were issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer were liquidated for any other reason, then 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes would become 
immediately due and payable. 
12 
Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders 
to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of a modification 
of any of these Conditions.  
Such a meeting may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum 
for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be one or 
more persons holding or representing a clear majority in principal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more 
persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the 
Notes held or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes 
consideration of proposals, inter alia, to:  
(i) 
amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, any Instalment Date 
or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes;  
(ii) 
reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any Instalment Amount of, or any 
premium payable on redemption of, the Notes;  
(iii) 
subject to any methods or basis of calculating any Replacement Mid-Swap 
Rate or Replacement Reference Rate or any rate or rates based on any 
Replacement Mid-Swap Rate or Replacement Reference Rate pursuant to 
Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations), reduce the rate or rates of 
interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating 
the rate or rates (including the Reference Rate) or amount of interest or the 
basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes;  
(iv) 
if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount is shown in the relevant Final Terms, reduce any such 
Minimum and/or Maximum;  
(v) 
vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, 
the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, including 
the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount;  
(vi) 
vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of principal, of 
premium if any, or interest, if any, on such Notes;

--- Page 190 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
190 
(vii) modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of 
Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(viii) make any change in the ranking or priority of the Notes that would materially 
adversely affect the Noteholders; 
in which case the necessary quorum shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds or at any adjourned meeting not less than one 
quarter in nominal amount of the relevant Series of Notes for the time being 
outstanding.  
Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed, including by Written Resolution or 
Electronic Consent (as defined in the Agency Agreement), shall be binding on all 
Noteholders and holders of Coupons, Talons and Receipts (whether or not they 
were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed, or whether or 
not they participated in such Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent). 
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms 
of the relevant Final Terms in relation to such Series. 
In addition to the substitutions and variations permitted with respect to the Notes 
without the consent of holders of such Notes pursuant to Condition 7 (Substitution 
and Variation), no consent of the Noteholders, Couponholders or Receiptholders 
is or will be required for any modification or amendment agreed by the Issuer and 
by the Fiscal Agent to: 
(i) 
cure or correct any ambiguity in any provision, or correct any defective 
provision, of Notes or which is to make a modification which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature; or 
(ii) 
change the terms and conditions of Notes in any manner that is not 
prejudicial 
to 
the 
interests 
of 
the 
Noteholders, 
Couponholders, 
Receiptholders (provided the proposed modification does not relate to a 
matter in respect of which an Extraordinary Resolution would be required if 
a meeting of Noteholders were held to consider such modification); or 
(iii) 
correct a manifest error; or 
(iv) 
comply with the mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and 
the Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter.  
(b) 
Modification of Agency Agreement 
The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of 
any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency 
Agreement, if, in the sole opinion of the Issuer, to do so could not reasonably be 
expected to be prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
13 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange regulations,

--- Page 191 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
191 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and of the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, 
as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose 
and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by 
the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms 
as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly 
lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for 
payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid 
to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
14 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, Couponholders 
or Receiptholders, create and issue further notes carrying rights identical in all respects 
to those of outstanding Notes and having the same terms and conditions as such Notes 
(save for the aggregate nominal amount thereof, their Issue Date, Interest 
Commencement Date, Issue Price and/or the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon) (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references in the conditions of such 
notes to “Issue Date” shall be to the first issue date of the Notes) and so that the same 
shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these 
Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
15 
Waiver of Set-Off 
No holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon may at any time exercise or claim any 
Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or may have or 
acquire against such holder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in 
relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort, whether or not relating 
to such Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) and each such holder shall be deemed to have 
waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in 
relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities.  
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 15 is intended to provide, or shall 
be construed as acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, 
retention or counterclaim or that any such right is or would be available to any holder of 
any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon but for this Condition 15. 
“Waived Set-Off Rights” means any and all rights of or claims of any holder of any Note, 
Receipt, Coupon or Talon for deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or 
counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any Note, Receipt, 
Coupon or Talon.

--- Page 192 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
192 
16 
Notices 
(a) 
Registered Notes 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their 
respective addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth 
weekday after the date of mailing and shall be published, so long as such 
Registered Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, in accordance 
with the rules of such Regulated Market.  
(b) 
Bearer Notes 
Notices to the holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published, at the option of 
the Issuer: (i) in a daily newspaper of general circulation in London (which is 
expected to be the Financial Times), or (ii) so long as the Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules of Euronext Paris so require, 
(a) in a daily newspaper with general circulation in France (which is expected to be 
Les Echos), or (b) in a daily leading newspaper of general circulation in Europe, or 
(c) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the Règlement Général of the 
AMF and (iii) so long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any other 
Regulated Market or market or stock exchange, in accordance with the rules of 
such Regulated Market or market or stock exchange.    
If any publication mentioned in (i) or (ii) is not practicable, notice shall be validly 
given if published in another leading daily English or French language newspaper, 
as applicable, with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once 
or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Where applicable, Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice 
of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance 
with this Condition. 
17 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
18 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes, and where applicable, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons and, 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law (in each case, 
the choice of English law to be given effect to the fullest extent permissible under 
applicable conflict of law rules), except for Condition 3 (Status of the Notes), which 
shall be governed, and construed in accordance with, French law.

--- Page 193 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
193 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The Courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that 
may arise out of or in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons and 
accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) shall be brought in such 
courts. 
(c) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Crédit Agricole S.A., London branch acting through 
its Branch Agent from time to time currently at Broadwalk House, 5 Appold Street, 
London EC2A 2DA as its agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, 
service of process in any Proceedings in England. Such service shall be deemed 
completed on delivery to such process agent (whether or not, it is forwarded to and 
received by the Issuer). If for any reason such process agent ceases to be able to 
act as such or no longer has an address in London, the Issuer irrevocably agrees 
to appoint a substitute process agent and shall immediately notify Noteholders of 
such appointment in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). Nothing shall affect 
the right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. 
19 
Statutory Write-Down or Conversion  
(a) 
Acknowledgement 
Notwithstanding any other term of a given Series of Notes or any other agreement, 
arrangement or understanding between the Issuer and the holders of any Note, by 
its acquisition of any of Note, each Noteholder (which for the purposes of this 
Condition 19 includes each holder of a beneficial interest in any Note) 
acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees: 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, which may include and result 
in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
a) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on a permanent 
basis; 
b) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the 
issue to the holder of the Notes of such shares, securities or obligations), 
including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the 
terms of such Notes, in which case the holder of such Notes agrees to 
accept in lieu of its rights under such Notes any such shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person;  
c) the cancellation of the Notes; 
d) the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment 
of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the 
interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; and

--- Page 194 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
194 
(ii) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, 
to give effect to, the exercise of the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority. 
“Amounts Due” means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes and any 
accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes. 
“Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any power existing from time to time 
under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in France, relating to 
the transposition of the BRRD and/or the BRRD II including without limitation 
pursuant to the 20 August 2015 Decree Law and the 21 December 2020 Decree 
Law, Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the 
resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of the 
Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, or otherwise arising under French law, 
and in each case the instructions, rules and standards created thereunder, 
pursuant to which the obligations of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such 
Regulated Entity) can be reduced (in part or in whole), cancelled, suspended, 
transferred, varied or otherwise modified in any way, or securities of a Regulated 
Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be converted into shares, other 
securities, or other obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other person, 
whether in connection with the implementation of the Bail-in Tool following 
placement in resolution or of write-down or conversion powers before a resolution 
procedure is initiated or without a resolution procedure, or otherwise.  
“Regulated Entity” means any entity referred to in Section I of Article L.613-34 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier as modified by the 20 August 2015 Decree 
Law and the 21 December 2020 Decree Law, which includes certain credit 
institutions, investment firms, and certain of their parent or holding companies 
established in France. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be 
paid after the exercise of the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer unless, at the time such repayment 
or payment, respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or payment 
would be permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in 
effect in France and the European Union applicable to the Issuer or other members 
of the Crédit Agricole Group. 
(c) 
No Event of Default 
Neither a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts 
Due, the conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or 
another person, as a result of the exercise of the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of 
the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with 
respect to the Notes will be an event of default or otherwise constitute non-
performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the holder of such Notes to any 
remedies (including equitable remedies) which are hereby expressly waived.

--- Page 195 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
195 
(d) 
Notice to Noteholders 
Upon the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, the Issuer will make available a 
written notice to the holders of such Notes in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices) as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Fiscal 
Agent for informational purposes, although the Fiscal Agent shall not be required 
to send such notice to the holders of such Notes. 
(e) 
Duties of the Agents  
Upon the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, (a) the Agents shall not be required to take any directions 
from holders of Notes, and (b) the Agency Agreement shall impose no duties upon 
any of the Agents whatsoever, in each case with respect to the exercise of any 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority.  
(f) 
Proration 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers with respect to less than the total Amounts Due, unless any of the Agents 
is otherwise instructed by the Issuer or the Relevant Resolution Authority, any 
cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the relevant Series of Notes 
pursuant to the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
(g) 
Conditions Exhaustive 
The matters set forth in this Condition 19 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing 
matters to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings 
between the Issuer and any holder of Notes.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
FORM OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
The following provisions apply to English Law Notes only. 
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus. 
Initial Issue of Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially represented by a temporary global note in bearer form 
(each a “temporary Global Note”) (without interest coupons) if (i) (in the case of Notes issued in 
one Specified Denomination only) Definitive Bearer Notes generally will be made available to 
Noteholders following the expiry of 40 days after their initial Issue Date in accordance with their 
terms, or (ii) such Notes have an initial maturity of more than one year and are being issued in 
compliance with the D Rules, otherwise such Notes of such Tranche will at all times be represented 
by a permanent global note in bearer form (each a “permanent Global Note” and, together with the 
temporary Global Note, the “Global Notes”). 
If the Global Notes are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be issued in new global note (“New 
Global Notes “or “NGN”) form, the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original Issue 
Date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper appointed by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg together with Euroclear, the “Clearing Systems”) in respect of such 
Global Note (the “Common Safekeeper” and an “Approved Intermediary”).  
Global Notes which are issued in classic global note (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) form may 
be delivered on or prior to the original Issue Date of the Tranche to a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”). Upon the initial deposit of a 
Global Note with the Common Depositary or the Common Safekeeper, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount 
thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is an NGN, the nominal amount of 
the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such Clearing System shall be conclusive evidence of the 
nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and a statement issued by such Clearing 
System at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant Clearing System at 
that time, it being mentioned that the records of any Clearing System shall be the records that such 
relevant Clearing System holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer’s interest 
in the Notes (but excluding the interests in the Notes of one Clearing System shown in the records 
of the other Clearing System). 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Safekeeper or the Common Depositary may (if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) also be credited to the accounts of subscribers with other 
clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
held by other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing 
system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
In respect of a Global Note indicating that it is a New Global Note, “holder(s)” means each person 
(other than the relevant Clearing System) who is for the time being shown in the records of the 
relevant Clearing System as the holder of a particular nominal amount of the Notes and who is 
deemed to be the holder of that nominal amount of Notes (and the bearer of the Global Notes shall 
not be deemed to be the holder) for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal 
or interest on the Notes, for which purposes the bearer of the Global Note shall be treated by the

--- Page 197 ---
Form of the English Law Notes 
197 
Issuer and any of the agents as the holder of the Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms 
of the Global Note and the expression “Noteholders” and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Initial Issue of Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes which is sold in an “offshore transaction” within the meaning of 
Regulation S (“Regulation S”) under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”) (the “Regulation S Notes”) will initially be represented by interests in one or more permanent 
registered global certificate (each an “Unrestricted Global Certificates”), without interest coupons, 
deposited with and registered in the name of a nominee of, on its (or their) Issue Date, (i) in the case 
of an Unrestricted Global Certificate intended to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure the 
(“NSS”), a Common Safekeeper, and (ii) in the case of an Unrestricted Global Certificate which is 
not intended to be held under NSS, a Common Depositary. Registered Notes which are sold in the 
United States to qualified institutional buyers (“QIBs”) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act (“Rule 144A”) (the “Rule 144A Notes”) will initially be represented by interests in one 
or more permanent registered global certificate (each a “Restricted Global Certificates” and, 
together with the “Unrestricted Global Certificate”, the “Global Certificates”), without interest 
coupons, deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, Cede & Co. as 
nominee for, The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) on its (or their) Issue Date. Registered Notes 
which are sold in the United States to institutions that are accredited investors (as defined in Rule 
501 (a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D (“Regulation D”) under the Securities Act) (the 
“Institutional Accredited Investors”) pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (the “Section 
4(a)(2) Notes”) will be represented by definitive registered notes (“Definitive Registered Notes”). 
For so long as any Rule 144A Notes or Section 4(a)(2) Notes bear or are required to bear the 
applicable legend described under “Transfer Restrictions for the English Law Notes,” such notes 
shall be “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act 
(“Restricted Notes”), and will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer, and Restricted Global 
Certificates and Definitive Registered Notes evidencing Restricted Notes will bear a legend to such 
effect. See “Clearing and Settlement in respect of English Law Notes” and “Transfer Restrictions for 
the English Law Notes”. Definitive Registered Notes will not be issued in exchange for interests in 
Global Certificates, except in certain limited circumstances as set out below. 
A summary of certain provisions which apply to the Registered Notes while they are in global form, 
some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out in this document, is 
set out below. 
Transfer of Definitive Registered Notes 
Upon the transfer or replacement of a Definitive Registered Note evidencing Restricted Notes and 
bearing the legend referred to under “Transfer Restrictions for the English Law Notes”, or upon 
specific request for removal of the legend on a Definitive Registered Note, as the case may be, the 
Issuer will deliver only Definitive Registered Notes that bear such legend or will refuse to remove 
such legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer and the Registrar such 
satisfactory evidence, which may include an opinion of counsel, as may reasonably be required by 
the Issuer that neither the legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to 
ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act. 
The Registrar will not register the transfer of or exchange of interests in a Registered Global 
Certificate for Definitive Registered Notes during the Closed Periods referred to in Condition 2(f) 
(Closed Periods). See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes.”

--- Page 198 ---
Form of the English Law Notes 
198 
With respect to the registration of transfer of any Definitive Registered Notes, which bear such legend 
as aforesaid, the Registrar will register the transfer of any such Definitive Registered Notes only if 
the transferor, in the form of transfer on such Definitive Registered Notes, has certified to the effect 
that such transfer is in compliance with such legend. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC, an 
Approved Intermediary or any other permitted clearing system (an “Alternative Clearing System”) 
as the holder of an English Law Note represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate must look 
solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC, such Approved Intermediary or such other 
clearing system (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer 
of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in 
relation to all other rights arising under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in 
accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC, 
an Approved Intermediary or such other clearing system (as the case may be). Such persons shall 
have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the 
Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer 
will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying 
Registered Notes, as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid. 
Denomination 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that, 
(i) the minimum denomination of each Note will be such as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body, however called) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency; and (ii) Rule 144A Notes shall be in 
minimum denominations of U.S.$100,000 (or its equivalent in the currency in which such Notes are 
denominated, if different, rounded upwards as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers) 
and Section 4(a)(2) Notes shall be in minimum denominations of U.S.$500,000 (or its equivalent as 
aforesaid). 
Exchange of Global Notes and Global Certificates 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with the 
TEFRA D Rules or TEFRA C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in 
whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes defined and described below; and 
(ii) otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form 
set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note (without interest 
coupons) or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided under “—Partial Exchange of Permanent 
Global Notes and Global Certificates”, in part for Definitive Bearer Notes: 
(i) if:

--- Page 199 ---
Form of the English Law Notes 
199 
(1) 
the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or in fact does so; or  
(2) 
principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to 
the Fiscal Agent of its election for such exchange; and 
(ii) in case of adverse tax consequences to the Issuer as a result of the Notes being in global 
form, by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders and the Fiscal Agent of its intention to 
effect such exchange.  
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Bearer Notes, such Definitive Bearer 
Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. A Noteholder who holds a principal 
amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a Definitive Bearer 
Note in respect of such holding and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such 
that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations. 
Unrestricted Global Certificates 
Each Unrestricted Global Certificate will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or 
after its Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided under “—Partial Exchange of 
Permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates”, in part, for Definitive Registered Notes: 
(i) if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such 
clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or does in fact do so; or 
(ii) if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due; or 
(iii) with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to (i) or (ii) above, the 
registered holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office of 
the registered holder’s intention to effect such transfer. 
Restricted Global Certificates 
Each Restricted Global Certificate will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after 
its Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided under “—Partial Exchange of Permanent 
Global Notes and Global Certificates”, in part, for Definitive Registered Notes: 
(i) if DTC notifies the Issuer that it is no longer willing or able to discharge properly its 
responsibilities as depositary with respect to the relevant Restricted Global Certificate or 
DTC ceases to be a “clearing agency” registered under the Exchange Act or is at any time 
no longer eligible to act as such, and the Issuer is unable to locate a qualified successor 
within 90 days of receiving notice of such ineligibility on the part of DTC; or 
(ii) if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due; or 
(iii) with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to (i) or (ii) above, the 
registered holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office of 
the registered holder’s intention to effect such transfer. Definitive Registered Notes issued in

--- Page 200 ---
Form of the English Law Notes 
200 
exchange for a beneficial interest in the Restricted Global Certificate shall bear the legend 
applicable to such Notes as set out under “Transfer Restrictions for the English Law Notes”. 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates 
For so long as a permanent Global Note or Global Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing 
system and the rules of that clearing system permit, such permanent Global Note or Global 
Certificate will be exchangeable in part on one or more occasions for Definitive Bearer Notes or 
Definitive Registered Notes, as the case may be if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid 
when due. 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Note 
may surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be 
exchanged, the Issuer will:  
(i) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, deliver, 
or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal 
to that of the whole or that part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in 
the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent 
Global Note to reflect such exchange; or  
(ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Notes, deliver, or procure 
the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated 
Definitive Bearer Notes or if the Global Note is a NGN, procure that details of such exchange 
be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system. In this Base Prospectus, 
“Definitive Bearer Notes” shall mean, in relation to any Global Note, the Definitive Bearer 
Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to 
them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not 
already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive Bearer Notes will be security 
printed, and Definitive Registered Notes will be printed, in accordance with any applicable 
legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the 
Schedules to the Agency Agreement. On exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, 
the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the 
holder together with the relevant Definitive Bearer Notes. 
In accordance with the Belgian law of 14 December 2005 on the abolition of bearer securities, 
the Issuer will not be allowed to deliver Definitive Bearer Notes (or the Global Note) in physical 
form in Belgium, other than deliveries to a clearing system, a depositary or another institution 
for the purpose of their immobilisation, and will make any physical delivery of Definitive Bearer 
Notes (or the Global Note), other than the above allowed deliveries, outside of Belgium. 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means: 
(i) in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 days after its 
issue date; and 
(ii) in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, or in the case of 
an exchange for Registered Notes five days, or in the case of failure to pay principal in 
respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which the notice requiring exchange 
is given, and

--- Page 201 ---
Form of the English Law Notes 
201 
in either case, which day shall be one on which banks are open for business in the city in which 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant Clearing 
System is located. 
Legend 
Each Global Note, Definitive Bearer Note, Talon, Coupon or Receipt will bear the following 
legend: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under 
the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Section 165(j) and 
1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.” 
The sections of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, referred to in the legend 
provide that a United States taxpayer, with certain exceptions, will not be permitted to deduct 
any loss, and will not be eligible for capital gains treatment with respect to any gain realised on 
any sale, exchange or redemption of Notes or any related Coupons. 
Each Restricted Global Certificate and each Definitive Registered Note issued in exchange for 
a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Certificate or representing Section 4(a)(2) Notes will 
bear a legend as described under “Transfer Restrictions for the English Law Notes”. 
Amendment to Conditions in Respect of the English Law Notes while in Global Form 
The temporary Global Notes, permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions 
that apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of 
those provisions: 
(1) Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless 
exchange for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Bearer Notes or Registered 
Notes is improperly withheld or refused. Payments on any temporary Global Note before the 
Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes 
represented by a Global Note in CGN form will be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be 
made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to the order of the Fiscal Agent or 
such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the 
Global Note is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, 
which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect 
of the Notes. If the Global Note is a NGN or if the Global Certificate is held under NSS, the Issuer 
shall procure that details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the 
relevant Clearing System and the nominal amount of the Notes will be reduced accordingly. 
Payments under a NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will discharge the 
Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make entries in the records of the relevant 
Clearing System shall not affect such discharge. 
For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of 
presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of “business day” set out in Condition 8(h) 
(Non-Business Days). 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the 
order of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the

--- Page 202 ---
Form of the English Law Notes 
202 
Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where Clearing 
System Business Day means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 January. 
(2) Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note 
will become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of ten (10) years (in the case 
of principal) and five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 9 (Taxation)). 
(3) Meetings 
The holder of a permanent Global Note or Global Certificate shall (unless such permanent 
Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as being two persons for 
the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such meeting, 
as having one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the 
Notes. All holders of Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each integral 
currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes comprising such Noteholder’s holding, 
whether or not represented by a Global Certificate.  
(4) Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the 
Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the 
nominal amount of the relevant permanent Global Note. 
(5) Purchase 
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note or a Global Certificate may only be purchased 
by the Issuer if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of 
interest and Instalment Amounts (if any) thereon. 
(6) Issuer’s Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in any Condition of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note or a Global Certificate shall be exercised by the Issuer 
giving notice to the Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the information 
required by the relevant Condition, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the 
serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and accordingly no 
drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised in 
respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of Account Holders with a 
clearing system or Approved Intermediary in respect of the Notes will be governed by the 
standard procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
nominal amount, at their discretion), or any other Alternative Clearing System (as the case may 
be). 
(7) Noteholders’ Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note or a Global Certificate may be exercised by the holder 
of the permanent Global Note or of the Registered Notes represented by the Global Certificate 
giving notice to the Fiscal Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a 
Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, set out in the Conditions substantially in 
the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, except that the notice

--- Page 203 ---
Form of the English Law Notes 
203 
shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which the option 
has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is 
exercised and at the same time, where the permanent Global Note is a CGN or where the Global 
Certificate is not held under NSS, presenting the permanent Global Note or Global Certificate to 
the Fiscal Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Fiscal Agent or Transfer Agent, 
as the case may be, for notation. Where the permanent Global Note is an NGN or where the 
Global Certificate is held under NSS, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, 
cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, shall be 
entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry being made, 
the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate shall be 
adjusted accordingly. 
(8) Notes becoming due and repayable as a result of the Issuer being liquidated  
Each Global Note and Global Certificate provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, 
or a portion of it, or Registered Notes represented by such Global Certificate, as the case may 
be, to become due and repayable as a result of the Issuer being liquidated (see Condition 11 
(Events of Default)) by stating in the notice to the Fiscal Agent the nominal amount of such 
Global Note or Registered Note represented by such Global Certificate that is becoming due 
and repayable. If principal in respect of any Note is not paid when due, the holder of a Global 
Note or Registered Notes represented by a Global Certificate may elect for direct enforcement 
rights against the Issuer under the terms of an Amended and Restated Deed of Covenant 
executed as a deed by the Issuer on 12 April 2021 to come into effect in relation to the whole or 
a part of such Global Note or one or more Registered Notes in favour of the persons entitled to 
such part of such Global Note or such Registered Notes, as the case may be, as accountholders 
with a clearing system. Following any such acquisition of direct rights, the Global Note or, as the 
case may be, the Global Certificate and the corresponding entry in the Register kept by the 
Registrar will become void as to the specified portion or Registered Notes, as the case may be. 
However, no such election may be made in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate 
unless the transfer of the whole or a part of the holding of Notes represented by that Global 
Certificate shall have been improperly withheld or refused. 
(9) Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate and such Global 
Note or Global Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes 
of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for 
communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as required by the 
Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note or Global 
Certificate except that (i) so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext Paris and the rules of that 
exchange so require, notices shall also be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-
4 of the Règlement Général of the AMF and (ii) so long as the Notes are listed and admitted to 
trading on any other Regulated Market or other market or stock exchange, notices shall also be 
published in accordance with the rules of such Regulated Market, other market or stock 
exchange.

--- Page 204 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
204 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
The Final Terms for each Tranche of English Law Notes with a denomination of at least EUR 100,000 
or less than EUR 100,000 to be issued pursuant to the “Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes” will contain such of the following information (which may be modified in relation to any 
particular issue of English Law Notes by agreement between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Dealer(s)) as is applicable in respect of such Notes (all references to numbered Conditions 
being to the relevant Conditions in “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes”). 
 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of 
the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
Directive (EU) 2014/65 (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of 
the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy 
statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
OR 
 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as 
defined in Directive (EU) 2014/65 (as amended, "MiFID II")[, provided that, with respect to retail 
clients only, they possess sufficient knowledge and experience to be considered sophisticated 
investors and have sufficient financial capacity and an appropriate investment horizon and risk

--- Page 205 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
205 
tolerance]; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) 
all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and 
(iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment 
advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and] [non-advised sales] [and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].] 
 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy 
statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]]6 
 
[IMPORTANT – PRIIPs – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive (EU) 2014/65 (as amended, "MiFID II"/MiFID II]; (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for 
                                                
6 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in 
item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018

--- Page 206 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
206 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]7 
 
[IMPORTANT: PRIIPs – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the [Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”)/FSMA]  and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]8 
 
[Notification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of 
Singapore – The Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore).]9 
 
                                                
7  
Legend to be included if the Notes may constitute “packaged” products under the PRIIPs Regulation and no key information document (KID) will be 
prepared. 
8  
Legend to be included if the Notes may constitute “packaged” products under the UK PRIIPs Regulation and no key information document (KID) will be 
prepared 
9  
Legend to be included only if the Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products, as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.

--- Page 207 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
207 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[Logo] 
Crédit Agricole S.A. 
[acting through its London branch] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 969500TJ5KRTCJQWXH05 
 
Euro 80,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Series No: [●] 
Tranche No: [●] 
[Brief description and Amount of Notes] 
Issued by: Crédit Agricole S.A. [acting through its London branch] (the “Issuer”) 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so[: 
(i) 
in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction mentioned in Paragraph [9] of Part B below, 
provided such person is [an Authorised Offeror] specified in that paragraph and that 
such offer is made during the Offer Period specified for such purpose therein; or 
(ii) 
otherwise]10 in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each 
case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of 
Notes in any other circumstances. 
[Retail investors are only eligible to subscribe for Senior Non-Preferred Notes if they possess 
sufficient knowledge and experience to be considered sophisticated investors and have sufficient 
financial capacity and an appropriate investment horizon and risk tolerance.]  
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129, as amended. 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus. The last day of validity of the Base Prospectus is [•] April 2022. The succeeding 
base prospectus will be published on the website of the Issuer at [•].]11 
 
 
                                                
10 Include this wording where a Non-Exempt Offer of Notes is anticipated. 
11  Include this wording in the event of an offer of securities to the public will continue after the expiration of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 208 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
208 
Part A – Contractual Terms 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set 
forth in “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” in the base prospectus dated [•] 2021 
which has received approval no. 21-[•] from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on [•] 
2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [●] which [has/have] received approval no. [●] from the AMF 
on [●]] and which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is 
only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. [A 
summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]12 The Base Prospectus is 
available 
for 
viewing 
[on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.credit-
agricole.com/finance/finance/dette/emissions-marche/credit-agricole-s.a.-emissions-marche) / on 
the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org)] [and copies may be obtained [from Crédit Agricole 
S.A., 12, place des Etats-Unis, 92127 Montrouge Cedex, France]]. 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue, which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus or an Offering Circular with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the [base prospectus/offering circular] dated [original date] [which has 
received approval no. 21-[●] from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on [●]] [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [●] [which [has/have] received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]] (the 
“Original [Base Prospectus/Offering Circular]”) which are incorporated by reference in the base 
prospectus dated [•] 2021 which has received approval no. [•] from the AMF on [•] 2021]. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of 
the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated [•] 2021 
which has received approval no. 21-[•] from the AMF on [•] 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[●] which [have/has] received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]], which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”), save in 
respect of the Conditions which are found in the Original [Base Prospectus/Offering Circular]. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms, the Conditions and the Base Prospectus. [A summary of the issue of the Notes 
is annexed to these Final Terms.]13 The Original Base Prospectus and the Base Prospectus are 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.credit-
agricole.com/finance/finance/dette/emissions-marche/credit-agricole-s.a.-emissions-marche), 
on 
the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org)] [and copies may be obtained [from Crédit Agricole 
S.A., 12, place des Etats-Unis, 92127 Montrouge Cedex, France]]. 
 
 
                                                
12 Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.  
13 Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 209 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
209 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
 
Issuer: 
Crédit Agricole S.A. [acting through its 
London branch] 
2. 
 
(i)   
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii)  
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii)  
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable] / [The Notes will be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with 
the existing [insert description of the Series] 
issued by the Issuer on [insert date/Issue 
Date of this Tranche/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph [27] below which is expected to 
occur 
on 
or 
about 
[insert 
date] 
(the “Exchange Date”).]] 
3. 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4. 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5. 
 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (in the case of fungible issues only if 
applicable)] 
6. 
 
Specified Denominations 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] [Note: where multiple denominations 
above €100,000 (or equivalent) are being 
used, the following sample wording should 
be followed: 
€100,000 and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof [up to (and including) 
€199,000. No Notes in definitive form will be 
issued 
with 
a 
denomination 
above 
€199,000] 
[Note: Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be 
issued with a minimum denomination of 
€50,00014] 
                                                
14  Pursuant to the French Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 relative au régime de résolution dans le secteur bancaire dated 21 December 2020, 
Article L.613-30-3-I-4° of the French Code monétaire et financierwas amended to implement new Article 44 bis of the BRRD II and 
provide that any such debt securities issued as from 28 December 2020 shall be issued with a minimum denomination of at least 
€50,000.

--- Page 210 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
210 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[If only one Specified Denomination, insert 
the Specified Denomination. 
If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor] [Note: 
There must be a common factor in the case 
of two or more Specified Denominations]  
7. 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[●] 
8. 
 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date falling 
in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
[in the case of Subordinated Notes, the 
Maturity Date shall be at least five years 
after the Issue Date] [in the case of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, the Maturity Date 
shall be a day falling one year after the Issue 
Date] [in the case of Undated Subordinated 
Notes or Undated Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, there is no fixed maturity] 
9. 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate][(Resettable)] 
[[[●] / LIBOR / EURIBOR / SONIA / SOFR 
/ SARON / TONA or other reference rate 
basis] +/– [●] per cent.][Floating Rate]  
[Zero Coupon] 
[CMS Linked] 
[Inflation Linked] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate notes] 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 
[●] below) 
10. 
 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [100] per 
cent. of their nominal amount 
[The Final Redemption Amount should be 
equal to or more than 100 per cent.] 
11. 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating 
rate change occurs or refer to paragraphs 
15 and 16 below and identify there] 
12. 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Noteholder Put (only for Senior Notes)] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 
[●] below)]

--- Page 211 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
211 
13. 
 
Status: 
 
[Senior Preferred Notes / Senior Non-
Preferred Notes / Subordinated Notes] 
14. 
 
Dates 
of 
the 
corporate 
authorisations for issuance of the 
Notes: 
Resolutions of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer dated [●] (in the case of syndicated 
issue only) [and the décision d’émission 
dated [●]] (in the case of non syndicated 
issue only) [and the Final Terms which 
constitute the décision d’émission] 
Provisions Relating to Interest (if any) Payable 
15. 
 
Fixed Rate Note: 
[Applicable[from (and including) the [Issue 
Date/ [●]] to (but excluding) [[●]/the Maturity 
Date]]/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other [specify]] 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date] / 
[[●] per cent. per annum from (and 
including) [●], to (but excluding) [●], and [●] 
per cent. per annum from (and including) 
[●], to (but excluding) [●]]][Resettable] / [[●] 
per cent. per annum from (and including) 
[●], to (but excluding) [●]][Fixed / Floating 
Rate Notes] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [in each year] [from (and including) [●] 
up to (and including) [●]] [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention and any applicable Business 
Center(s) for the definition of “Business 
Day”] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Specified Denomination (in the case 
of a long or short first/last coupon) [payable 
on each Interest Payment Date, except for 
the amount payable in respect of the 
[[first/last] short / [first/last] long] Interest 
Accrual Period beginning on (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date / [●] and 
ending on (but excluding) the Interest 
Payment Date falling on [[●] / the Maturity 
Date which shall be the Broken Amount]   
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount([s]): 
[Not Applicable / [●] per Calculation 
Amount, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [●]]

--- Page 212 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
212 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual-ISDA] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] 
/ [360/360] / [Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / 
[Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]] 
[adjusted 
/ 
not 
adjusted] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] [in each year] (insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
(vii) 
Resettable: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable 
 
– 
Initial Rate of 
Interest: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
payable 
[annually/semi- 
annually/quarterly/monthly/other [specify]] 
in arrear 
 
– 
First Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
– 
Subsequent Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
– 
First Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Second Reset Date: 
[[●] / Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Subsequent Reset 
Date(s): 
[[●] [and [●]] / Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reset Reference 
Rate: 
[CMT Rate / CMT Rate (JGB) / Mid-Swap 
Rate / Reference Government Bond] 
 
 
– 
Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate: 
[●] (if applicable) 
 
– 
CMT Rate Maturity: 
[●] (if applicable) 
 
– 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] (if applicable) 
 
– 
Reset Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] (specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
– 
First Reset Period 
Fallback: 
[●]

--- Page 213 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
213 
16. 
 
Floating Rate Note: 
[Applicable [from (and including) the [Issue 
Date/ [●]] to (but excluding) [[●]/the 
Maturity Date]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(Specify if more than one floating rate is to 
be determined and repeat sub-paragraph 
16, for each such rate) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[[●] [in each year] [from (and including) [●] 
to (but excluding) [●]], subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (v) below] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: [●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date:  
[Not Applicable] / [[●] in each year [from 
(and including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]], 
subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in 
(v) below] (Not applicable unless different 
from Interest Payment Dates) 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(vi) 
Business Center(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent): 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[●] (specify LIBOR, EURIBOR, SOFR, 
SONIA, €STR, SARON, TONA or other 
reference rate) 
 
– 
Benchmark: 
[●] (Only applicable in the case SOFR, 
SONIA, SARON or TONA or other 
reference rate) 
 
– 
Relevant Inter-Bank 
Market: 
[●]

--- Page 214 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
214 
 
– 
Relevant Screen 
Page Time: 
[●] 
 
– 
Interest 
Determination Date: 
[●] [[TARGET] Business Day(s) in [specify 
city] 
for 
[specify 
currency]] 
/ 
[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day(s) (if 
SOFR)] / [London Banking Day(s) (if 
SONIA)] / [Zurich Banking Day(s) (if 
SARON)] / [Tokyo Banking Day(s) (if 
TONA)] prior to [the first day in each Interest 
Accrual Period/each Interest Payment Date] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
 
– 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / The day that is the 
[second/[•]] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in relation to the relevant Interest] 
(Only applicable in the case of SOFR 
Arithmetic Mean or SOFR Compound with 
Payment Delay) 
 
– 
SONIA Rate Cut-Off 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / The day that is the 
[second/[•]] London Banking Day prior to 
the Interest Payment Date in relation to the 
relevant Interest] (Only applicable in the 
case of SONIA Compound with Payment 
Delay) 
 
– 
SARON Rate Cut-Off 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / The day that is the 
[second/[•]] Zurich Banking Day prior to the 
Interest Payment Date in relation to the 
relevant Interest] (Only applicable in the 
case of SARON Compound with Payment 
Delay) 
 
– 
TONA Rate Cut-Off 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / The day that is the 
[second/[•]] Tokyo Banking Day prior to the 
Interest Payment Date in relation to the 
relevant Interest] (Only applicable in the 
case of TONA Compound with Payment 
Delay)

--- Page 215 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
215 
 
– 
Lookback Days: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s) (if SOFR 
Compound with Lookback) / [●] London 
Banking Day(s) (if SONIA Compound with 
Lookback) / [●] Zurich Banking Day(s) (if 
SARON Compound with Lookback) / [●] 
Tokyo Banking Day(s) (if TONA Compound 
with Lookback)] / [●] TARGET Business 
Day(s) (if €STR)] (Only applicable in the 
case of SOFR Compound with Lookback, 
SONIA Compound with Lookback, SARON 
Compound 
with 
Lookback, 
TONA 
Compound with Lookback or €STER) 
 
– 
Observation Shift 
Days: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s) (if SOFR 
Compound with Observation period Shift) / 
[●] London Banking Day(s) (if SONIA 
Compound with Observation Period Shift) / 
[●] Zurich Banking Day(s) (if SARON 
Compound with Observation Shift) / [●] 
Tokyo Banking Day(s) (if TONA Compound 
with Observation Shift)]] (Only applicable in 
the 
case 
of 
SOFR 
Compound 
with 
Observation 
period 
Shift, 
SONIA 
Compound with Observation Shift, SARON 
Compound with Observation Shift or TONA 
Compound with Observation Shift) 
 
– 
Relevant Number: 
[Not Applicable / [●] London Banking Day(s) 
(if SONIA Index Determination) / [●] Zurich 
Banking 
Day(s) 
(if 
SAION 
Index 
Determination)] (Only applicable in the case 
of SONIA Index Determination or SAION 
Index Determination) 
 
– 
Interest Accrual 
Period End Dates: 
[Not Applicable / each date falling [●] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day(s) / 
[●] London Banking Day(s) / [●] Zurich 
Banking Day(s) / [●] Tokyo Banking Day(s) 
after the Interest Commencement Date in 
relation to the first Interest Accrual Period or 
after the previous Interest Accrual Period 
End Date thereafter] (Only applicable in the 
case of SOFR Compound with Payment 
Delay, SONIA Compound with Payment 
Delay, SARON Compound with Payment 
Delay or TONA Compound with Payment 
Delay)

--- Page 216 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
216 
 
– 
Interest Payment 
Delay: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s) / [●] London 
Banking Day(s) / [●] Zurich Banking Day(s) 
/ 
[●] 
Tokyo 
Banking 
Day(s)] 
(Only 
applicable in the case of SOFR Compound 
with Payment Delay, SONIA Compound 
with Payment Delay, SARON Compound 
with Payment Delay or TONA Compound 
with Payment Delay) 
 
– 
SOFR Index Start: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government 
Securities 
Business 
Day(s)] 
(Only 
applicable in the case of SOFR Index 
Average) 
 
– 
SOFR Index End: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government 
Securities 
Business 
Day(s)] 
(Only 
applicable in the case of SOFR Index 
Average) 
 
– 
SAION Index Start: 
[Not Applicable / [●] Zurich Banking Day(s)] 
(Only applicable in the case of SAION Index 
Determination) 
 
– 
SAION Index End: 
[Not Applicable / [●] Zurich Banking Day(s)] 
(Only applicable in the case of SAION Index 
Determination) 
 
– 
SONIA Index Start: 
[Not Applicable / [●] London Banking 
Day(s)] (Only applicable in the case of 
SONIA Index Determination) 
 
– 
SONIA Index End: 
[Not Applicable / [●] London Banking 
Day(s)] (Only applicable in the case of 
SONIA Index Determination) 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
ISDA Definitions:  
2006 
 
(xi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable / the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest 
period)] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]. Condition 5(i) shall apply] 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]. Condition 5(i) shall apply]

--- Page 217 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
217 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual-ISDA] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] 
/ [360/360] / [Bond Basis] / [30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]] 
[adjusted 
/ 
not 
adjusted] 
17. 
 
Zero Coupon Note: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[[●] per cent. per annum/as per Condition 
6(l)(i)] 
 
(ii) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption: 
[●] 
18. 
 
CMS Linked Note: 
[Applicable [from (and including) the [Issue 
Date/ [●]] to (but excluding) [[●]/the Maturity 
Date]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[[●] [in each year] [from (and including) [●] 
to (but excluding) [●]], subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (iii) below] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iv) 
Business Center(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Interest Period Date:  
[Not Applicable] / [[●] in each year [from 
(and including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]], 
subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in 
(iii) above] (Not applicable unless different 
from Interest Payment Dates) 
 
(vii) 
Applicable formula to be 
used for calculating the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest Amount: 
[Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor x [CMS 
Rate1 – CMS Rate2]/[Rate of Interest = 
Gearing Factor x [CMS Rate + Margin]]

--- Page 218 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
218 
 
(viii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/●] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Reference Rate(s): 
[CMS Rate: [●]]/[CMS Rate1: [●]] 
 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
– 
Interest 
Determination Date: 
[[●] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify 
city] for [specify currency] prior to [the first 
day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Interest Payment Date]] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
 
(x) 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Reference Rate(s): 
[CMS Rate2: [●]] 
 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
– 
Interest 
Determination Date: 
[[●] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify 
city] for [specify currency] prior to [the first 
day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Interest Payment Date]] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[●]] 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Floating Rate 
Option(s): 
[CMS Rate: [●]]/[CMS Rate1: [●]] 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
ISDA Definitions:  
2006 
 
(xii) 
[ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Floating Rate 
Option(s): 
[CMS Rate2: [●]] 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
ISDA Definitions:  
2006]

--- Page 219 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
219 
 
(xiii) 
Gearing Factor: 
[●] 
 
(xiv) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]. Condition 5(i) shall apply] 
 
(xvi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]. Condition 5(i) shall apply] 
 
(xvii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual-ISDA] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] 
/ [360/360] / [Bond Basis] / [30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]] 
[adjusted 
/ 
not 
adjusted] 
 
(xviii) Conditional Rate of Interest: [Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(if applicable, specify applicable Interest 
Periods and minimum pre-determined rate) 
19. 
 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[HICP/CPI] 
 
(ii) 
Formula: 
[[Rate of Interest = Max [Gearing Factor x 
(HICPm-x, / HICPm-y - 1) + Margin ; 0.00%]] / 
[Rate of Interest = Min [Max [Gearing Factor 
x (HICPm-x, / HICPm-y - 1) + Margin ; 0.00%]; 
Cap]] / [Rate of Interest = Max [Gearing 
Factor x (CPIm-x, / CPIm-y - 1) + Margin ; 
0.00%]] / [Rate of Interest = Min [Max 
[Gearing Factor x (CPIm-x, / CPIm-y - 1) + 
Margin ; 0.00%]; Cap]] 
 
(iii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/●] 
 
(iv) 
Gearing Factor: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
x: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
y: 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Cap: 
[[●] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]. Condition 5(i) shall apply] 
 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]. Condition 5(i) shall apply] 
 
(xi) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(xii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) 
Interest Determination Date: [●]

--- Page 220 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
220 
 
(xiv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(xv) 
Business Center(s): 
[●] 
 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual-ISDA] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] 
/ [360/360] / [Bond Basis] / [30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]] 
[adjusted 
/ 
not 
adjusted] 
Provisions Relating to Redemption 
20. 
 
Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer (Call Option): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] (in the case of Subordinated Notes, the 
first Optional Redemption Date shall be at 
least five years after the Issue Date)   
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount / Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount] 
[The Optional Redemption Amount should 
be equal to or more than 100 per cent.] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Notice Period: 
[As per Conditions / [●]] 
21. 
 
Clean-up Redemption Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (No Clean-up 
Redemption Option will be permitted prior to 
five years from the Issue Date with respect 
to the Subordinated Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Clean-up Percentage: 
[80 per cent. / [●] per cent.] 
 
(ii) 
Notice Period: 
[As per Conditions / [●]] 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note 
and method, if any, of 
calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount / Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount] 
[The Optional Redemption Amount should 
be equal to or more than 100 per cent.]

--- Page 221 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
221 
 
(iv)         Optional Clean-up 
Redemption Date(s): 
(solely if the Clean-up 
Percentage is reached): 
[●] (in the case of Subordinated Notes, the 
first Optional Clean-up Redemption Date 
shall be at least five years after the Issue 
Date) 
22. 
 
Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders (Put Option): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Applicable only 
to Senior Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(ii) 
Redemption amount(s) of 
each Note and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
[The redemption amount should be equal to 
or more than 100 per cent.] 
 
(iii) 
Notice Period: 
[As per Conditions / [●]] 
23. 
 
(i)          MREL/TLAC Disqualification 
Event Call Option:  
[Applicable / Not Applicable]  
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[Final Redemption Amount / Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount] 
24. 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [100] per 
cent. of their outstanding principal amount  
[The Final Redemption Amount should be 
equal to or more than 100 per cent.] 
25. 
 
Early Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[Final Redemption Amount / Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount] 
[The Early Redemption Amount should be 
equal to or more than 100 per cent.] 
26. 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reference Security: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Screen Rate: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Make-Whole Redemption 
Margin: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Reference Dealers: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating 
the 
principal 
and/or interest due (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[●]

--- Page 222 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
222 
27. 
[Substitution and Variation (option 
only available for Senior Preferred 
Notes): 
Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Notes are not Senior Preferred Notes, 
delete this paragraph) 
28. 
[Events of Default (option only 
available 
for 
Senior 
Preferred 
Notes): 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(If Notes are not Senior Preferred Notes, 
delete this paragraph) 
(If Applicable, specify one or more Events of 
Default below) 
 
(i) 
Non-Payment: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligations: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
 
(iii) Insolvency (or other similar 
proceeding): 
Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
General Provisions Applicable to the Notes 
29. 
 
Form of Notes: 
 
[Bearer Notes/ Registered Notes] 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
[Global Certificates (Registered 
Notes): 
[Unrestricted Global Certificate (U.S.$/€ [●] 
nominal amount) registered in the name of 
a nominee for [DTC/a common depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(that is, held under the NSS)] 
Restricted Global Certificate (U.S.$ [●] 
nominal amount) registered in the name of 
a nominee for [DTC/a common depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(that is, held under the NSS)]] 
 
[Temporary or permanent Global 
Note (Bearer Notes): 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Global 
Note 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Notes in 
the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes on [●] days’ 
notice]15  
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note]] 
                                                
15 Notes issued in one Specified Denomination only.

--- Page 223 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
223 
30. 
 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]  
[Note that Euro denominated notes should 
be issued in New Global Note form unless 
the notes in question are designed to be 
consolidated and form a single series with 
Euro denominated notes previously issued 
in Classical Global Note form] 
31. 
 
Global Certificate held under NSS:  
[Yes][No]  
[Note that Euro denominated notes should 
be issued in a Global Certificate held under 
NSS unless the notes in question are 
designed to be consolidated and form a 
single series with Euro denominated notes 
previously issued under a Global Certificate 
not held under NSS] 
32. 
 
Financial Center(s): 
[Not Applicable / give details.] 
[Note that this item relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not the end dates of  
interest periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest to which 
items 16(vi), 18(iv) and 19(xv) relate] 
33. 
 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes / No / Not Applicable. If yes, give 
details] 
34. 
 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
amount of each Instalment, date on 
which each payment is to be made: 
[Not Applicable / give details.] 
[if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
(iii) 
Minimum 
Instalment 
Amount: 
(iv) 
Maximum 
Instalment 
Amount: 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
35. 
 
Applicable tax regime: 
Condition 
9(a) 
[and 
Condition 
9(b)] 
[apply/applies]  
Responsibility 
I hereby accept responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[●] has been 
extracted from [●]. I confirm that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so 
far as I am aware, and able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer on [●] 
Duly represented by: ..........................................

--- Page 224 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
224

--- Page 225 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
225 
Part B – Other Information 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
[(i)] 
Listing: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris]/[●] with 
effect from [●].] / [Not Applicable.] 
[Where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original securities are already 
admitted to trading] 
[(ii)  
Estimate of total expenses 
 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[●]]16 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
[In respect of Notes having a maturity of 
[more][less] than one year, the Programme has 
been rated][The Notes to be issued [have 
been/are expected to be] rated:] 
[[Standard & Poor’s]: [●]] 
[[Moody’s]: [●]] 
[[Fitch]: [●]] 
[Other: [●]] 
[Standard & Poor’s], [Moody’s] and [Fitch] are 
established in the European Union or in the 
United Kingdom and are registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA 
Regulation”) or under the CRA Regulation as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“EUWA”). [As such, [Standard & Poor’s], 
[Moody’s] and [Fitch] are included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Market Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk).] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider, for 
example: 
 
“As defined by Standard & Poor’s, an “A” rating 
means that the Issuer’s capacity to meet its 
financial commitments under the Notes is strong 
                                                
16 Required only for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 226 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
226 
but somewhat susceptible to adverse economic 
conditions.” 
 
“Obligations rated “A” by Moody’s are judged to 
be upper-medium grade and are subject to low 
credit risk. The modifier 3 indicates a ranking in 
the lower end of that generic rating category.” 
 
“As defined by Fitch, an “A” rating denotes 
expectations of low credit risk. The capacity for 
payment 
of 
financial 
commitments 
is 
considered 
strong. 
This 
capacity 
may, 
nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse 
business or economic conditions than is the 
case for higher ratings. The modifier (+) is 
appended to denote relative status within this 
category.”] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
[INTERESTS 
OF 
NATURAL 
AND 
LEGAL 
PERSONS 
INVOLVED 
IN 
THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the statement below: 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale” in the Base Prospectus], so far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the [issue / offer] of the Notes has an interest material to 
the [issue/offer].”] / [●] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS [AND TOTAL EXPENSES] 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●]*/ [The net proceeds will be used for the 
Issuer’s general funding requirements]/[The 
Notes constitute Green Notes and an amount 
equal or equivalent to the net proceeds will be 
used to finance and/or refinance one or more of 
the Eligible Green Assets described below: 
[Describe Eligible Green Assets or Eligible 
Social Assets categories, as applicable and 
availability of Second Party Opinion and any 
relevant third party opinions and where the 
information can be obtained]*(See “Use of 
Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus — if

--- Page 227 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
227 
reasons for offer different from (i) making profit 
and/or (ii) hedging certain risks and/or (iii) 
financing and/or refinancing new or existing any 
Eligible Green Assets and/or (iv) financing 
and/or refinancing new or existing any Eligible 
Social Assets, will need to include those 
reasons here.)] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of 
other funding.) 
(iii) 
[Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
[Include breakdown of expenses.]17] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes and Resettable Notes only — YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
[[The yield in respect of this issue of Fixed Rate 
Notes is 
calculated on the basis of the Issue Price using 
the following formula: 
 
P= 
C 
(1-(1+r)-n) + A(1+r)-n 
r 
 
where: 
P  
is the Issue Price of the Notes; 
C  
is the Interest Amount; 
A  
is the outstanding principal amount of 
Notes due on  redemption; 
n  
is time to maturity in years; and 
r  
is the yield. 
[[As set out above,] the yield is calculated at the 
Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is 
not an indication of future yield.]]18  
[[(only applicable for the offer to the public in 
France) [yield gap of [●] per cent. in relation to 
tax free French government bonds (obligations 
assimilables au Trésor (OAT)) of an equivalent 
duration.]19 
                                                
17  Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least EUR100,000. 
18 Not required. 
19   Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least EUR100,000.

--- Page 228 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
228 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only — PERFORMANCE OF RATES] 
[Historic interest rate: 
Details of performance of [LIBOR, EURIBOR, 
SOFR, SONIA, €STR, SARON, TONA or other 
reference rate] rates can be obtained [but not] 
free of charge from Reuters/[•]] 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [●] which is provided 
by [●]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [●] 
[appears]/[does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 
2016/1011), as amended [(the “Benchmark 
Regulation”)] / [or the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by 
the Financial Conduct Authority in the United 
Kingdom pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
Benchmark Regulation”)]. [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions set 
forth in Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation 
apply such that [●] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, 
enforcement or equivalence).]] 
7. 
[Inflation Linked Notes, CMS Linked Notes and Fixed Rate Resettable Notes only – 
PERFORMANCE OF INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
UNDERLYING] 
(i) 
Name of underlying index: [●] 
(ii) 
Information about the Index, its volatility and past and future performance can be 
obtained: [●] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs20 as common 
safekeeper [and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,] [include this text for registered notes] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
                                                
20 The International Central Securities Depositories (i.e. Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, Luxembourg).

--- Page 229 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
229 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] / [No. Whilst the 
designation is specified as "no" at the date of these 
Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper,] [include this text for 
registered notes]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
(i) ISIN: 
[●] 
(ii) Common Code: 
[●] 
(iii) Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking 
Société Anonyme and the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable / Give name(s) and number(s)] 
(iv) Delivery: 
Delivery [against / free of] payment 
(v)  Names and addresses of 
Paying Agent(s) (including any 
additional Paying Agent(s)): 
[Give name(s), address(es)] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
1.
 
 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated] 
2.
 
 
If syndicated, 
 
 
(i) 
Names 
of 
Managers 
(specifying Lead Manager): 
[Not Applicable / give names / [addresses 
and underwriting commitments]21] 
(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment 
basis 
and 
names 
and 
addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
                                                
21 Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least EUR100,000.

--- Page 230 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
230 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a 
“best efforts” basis if such entities are not the 
same as the Managers.) 
 
(ii) 
Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement (if any): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
[Material 
features 
of 
the 
Subscription Agreement (if 
any): 
[●]  
(Include the quotas and, where not all of the 
Issue is underwritten, a statement of the 
portion not covered)]22 
 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable / Give name(s)] 
3.
 
 
If non-syndicated, name [and 
address]23 of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable / Give name] 
4. 
Intermediary(ies) in secondary 
trading 
[Not Applicable / Give name and address of 
the 
entity(ies) 
which 
has(ve) 
a 
firm 
commitment to act as intermediary(ies) in 
secondary trading, providing liquidity through 
bid and offer rates and description of the 
main terms of its(their) commitment] 
5.
 
 
[Total commission and concession: [●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount.]24 
(Indicate 
the 
overall 
amount 
of 
the 
underwriting commission and of the placing 
commission, as applicable) 
6.
 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [2]; TEFRA C 
/ TEFRA D / TEFRA not applicable]25 
7.
 
 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
investors 
under 
the 
PRIIPs 
Regulation: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products under the PRIIPs 
Regulation, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products under the PRIIPs 
Regulation and no key information document 
(KID) will be prepared, “Applicable” should be 
specified.)] 
 
 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
investors under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products under the UK PRIIPs 
                                                
22 Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least EUR100,000. 
23 Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least EUR100,000. 
24 Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least EUR100,000. 
25 TEFRA rules are not applicable to debt securities of a maturity of less than one year.

--- Page 231 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
231 
Regulation, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation and no key information document 
(KID) will be prepared, “Applicable” should be 
specified.)] 
8.
 
 
Additional Selling Restrictions 
[Not Applicable / Give details] 
[For Taiwan, Republic of China include this 
wording in addition to the general selling 
restriction: The Notes, if listed on the Taipei 
Exchange for sale to professional or general 
investors in the Republic of China (the 
“ROC”), may be sold in the ROC to all 
professional 
or 
general 
investors, 
as 
applicable, or, if not listed in the ROC, the 
Notes may be made available (i) to investors 
in the ROC through licensed ROC financial 
institutions to the extent permitted under 
relevant ROC laws and regulations; (ii) to the 
Offshore Banking Units of ROC Banks 
purchasing the Notes either for their 
proprietary account or in trust for their non-
ROC trust clients; (iii) the Offshore Securities 
Units of ROC securities firms purchasing the 
Notes either for their proprietary account, in 
trust for their trust clients or as agent for their 
brokerage clients; (iv) the Offshore Insurance 
Units 
of 
ROC 
Insurance 
companies 
purchasing the Notes for their proprietary 
account or in connection with the issuance of 
investment linked insurance policies to non-
ROC policy holders; or (v) outside of the ROC 
to ROC resident investors for purchase by 
such investors outside the ROC, but may not, 
otherwise be offered, sold or resold in the 
ROC. 
The Notes will only be sold in accordance 
with the ROC selling restrictions in the 
preceding paragraph and may not, otherwise 
be offered, sold or resold.] 
[For Taiwan, Republic of China and in 
relation to the listing of international bonds 
on the Taipei Exchange only, the general 
selling restriction is to be replaced with the 
following: The Notes have not been, and 
shall not be, offered, sold or re-sold, directly 
or indirectly, in the ROC, to investors other

--- Page 232 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
232 
than “professional investors” as defined 
under Article 2-1 of the Rules Governing 
Management 
of 
Foreign 
Currency 
Denominated International Bonds of the 
Taipei Exchange. Purchasers of the Notes 
are not permitted to sell or otherwise dispose 
the Notes except by transfer to the 
abovementioned professional investors.]  
9.
 
 
[Non-Exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the Notes may 
be made by [the Dealers/Managers] [[and] 
[specify other, if applicable]] (each an 
“Authorised Offeror”) in circumstances 
where there is no exemption from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus under 
the Prospectus Regulation (a “Non-Exempt 
Offer”) in France (the “Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction”) 
during 
the 
period 
from 
[specify date] until [specify date] (the “Offer 
Period”). See further details in Paragraph 10 
of Part B below. 
10.
 
 
Specific Consent: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
11.
 
 
General Consent: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable]]26 
10. [TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER] 
(i) 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][specify] 
(ii) 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not Applicable / give details] 
(iii) 
Description 
of 
the 
application 
process: 
[Not Applicable/give details including the 
time period, and any possible amendments, 
during which the offer will be open] 
(iv) 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner 
for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
[Not Applicable / give detail]  
(v) 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[Not Applicable / give details] 
(vi) 
Details of the method and time 
limits for paying up and delivering 
the Notes: 
[Not Applicable / give details] 
                                                
26 Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least EUR100,000.

--- Page 233 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
233 
(vii) 
Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be made 
public: 
[Not Applicable / give details] 
(viii) Procedure for exercise of any right 
of pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable / give details] 
(ix) 
Whether tranche(s) have been 
reserved for certain countries: 
[Not Applicable / give details] 
(x) 
Process 
for 
notification 
to 
applicants of the amount allotted 
and the indication whether dealing 
may begin before notification is 
made: 
[Not Applicable / give details] 
(xi) 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically 
charged 
to 
the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable / give details] 
(xii) 
Consent of the Issuer to use the 
Base Prospectus during the Offer 
Period:  
[Not Applicable / Applicable with respect to 
any Authorised Offeror specified below] 
(xiii) Authorised Offeror(s) in the various 
countries where the offer takes 
place: 
[Not Applicable / If Specific Consent is 
applicable, specify name(s), address(es) 
and, if any, Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the 
financial intermediary(ies) appointed by the 
Issuer to act as Authorised Offeror(s) / If 
General Consent is applicable, specify any 
financial intermediary which satisfies the 
conditions set out below in item “Conditions 
attached to the consent of the Issuer to use 
the Base Prospectus”] 
(xiv) Conditions attached to the consent 
of the Issuer to use the Base 
Prospectus: 
[Not Applicable / Where the Issuer has given 
a 
General 
Consent 
to 
any 
financial 
intermediary to use the Base Prospectus, 
specify any additional conditions to those set 
out in the Base Prospectus or indicate “See 
conditions set out in the Base Prospectus”. 
Where Authorised Offeror(s) have been 
designated herein, specify any condition]27 
 
 
                                                
27 Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least EUR100,000.

--- Page 234 ---
Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes 
234 
ANNEX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
[to be inserted if applicable]

--- Page 235 ---
235 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT IN RESPECT OF ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
Book-Entry Ownership 
Bearer Notes 
The Issuer may make applications to Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear for acceptance in 
their respective book-entry systems in respect of any Series of Bearer Notes. In respect of Bearer 
Notes which are CGNs, a temporary Global Note and/or a permanent Global Note in bearer form 
without Coupons may be deposited with a common depositary for Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear. Transfers of interests in such temporary Global Notes or other Global Notes will be made 
in accordance with the normal Euromarket debt securities operating procedures of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear. In respect of Bearer Notes which are NGNs, the Global Note will be 
delivered to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Registered Notes 
The Issuer may make applications to Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear for acceptance in 
their respective book-entry systems in respect of the Registered Notes to be represented by an 
Unrestricted Global Certificate. Each Unrestricted Global Certificate will be deposited with a common 
depositary or, in the case of an Unrestricted Global Certificate intended to be held under NSS, a 
Common Safekeeper, and registered in the name of a nominee for Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
Euroclear and will have an ISIN and a Common Code. 
The Issuer and a relevant U.S. agent appointed for such purpose that is an eligible DTC participant 
may make application to DTC for acceptance in its book-entry settlement system of the Registered 
Notes to be represented by a Restricted Global Certificate. Each Restricted Global Certificate will 
have a CUSIP number. Each Restricted Global Certificate will be subject to restrictions on transfer 
contained in a legend appearing on the front of such Certificate, as set out under “Transfer 
Restrictions for the English Law Notes”. In certain circumstances, as described below in “—Transfers 
of Registered Notes”, transfers of interests in a Restricted Global Certificate may be made, as a 
result of which such legend may no longer be required. 
In the case of a Tranche of Registered Notes to be cleared through the facilities of DTC, the 
custodian, with whom the Registered Global Certificates are deposited, and DTC will electronically 
record the principal amount of the Restricted Notes held within the DTC system. Investors in Notes 
of such Tranche may hold their interests in an Unrestricted Global Certificate only through 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear. Investors may hold their interests in a Restricted Global 
Certificate directly through DTC if they are participants in the DTC system, or indirectly through 
organisations which are participants in such system. 
Payments of the principal of, and interest on, each Restricted Global Certificate registered in the 
name of DTC’s nominee will be to or to the order of its nominee as the registered owner of such 
Restricted Global Certificate. The Issuer expects that the nominee, upon receipt of any such 
payment, will immediately credit DTC participants’ accounts with payments in amounts proportionate 
to their respective beneficial interests in the principal amount of the relevant Restricted Global 
Certificate as shown on the records of DTC or the nominee. The Issuer also expects that payments 
by DTC participants to owners of beneficial interests in such Restricted Global Certificates held 
through such DTC participants will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, 
as is now the case with securities held for the accounts of customers registered in the names of 
nominees for such customer. Such payments will be the responsibility of such DTC participants. 
None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any Transfer Agent will have any responsibility or liability

--- Page 236 ---
Clearing and Settlement in respect of English Law Notes 
236 
for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of ownership interests in the 
Restricted Global Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such ownership interests. 
Section 4(a)(2) Notes will be issued only in definitive registered form in the form of Definitive 
Registered Notes. Such Definitive Registered Notes will be the subject of restrictions on transfer set 
forth in such Notes and in the Agency Agreement and will bear the applicable legend regarding such 
restrictions set forth under “Transfer Restrictions for the English Law Notes” below. Institutional 
Accredited Investors that hold Definitive Registered Notes may not elect to hold such Notes through 
DTC; but transferees acquiring such Notes in transactions exempt from registration under the 
Securities Act pursuant to Rule 144A, Regulation S or Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) 
may take delivery thereof in the form of an interest in a Restricted Global Note or Unrestricted Global 
Note, as the case may be, representing Notes of the same series. 
With the exception of Section 4(a)(2) Notes, all Registered Notes will initially be in the form of an 
Unrestricted Global Certificate and/or a Restricted Global Certificate and Definitive Registered Notes 
will only be available, in the case of Notes initially represented by an Unrestricted Global Certificate, 
in amounts specified in the relevant Final Terms, and, in the case of Notes initially represented by a 
Restricted Global Certificate, in minimum denominations of U.S.$100,000 for Rule 144A Notes (or 
its equivalent in the relevant currency rounded upwards as agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s)). Section 4(a)(2) Notes shall be in minimum denominations of U.S. $500,000 (or 
its equivalent as aforesaid). 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
Transfers of interests in Global Certificates within DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear will 
be in accordance with the usual rules and operating procedures of the relevant clearing system. The 
laws of some States in the United States require that certain persons take physical delivery of 
securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer interests in a Restricted Global 
Certificate to such persons may be limited. Because DTC can only act on behalf of participants, who 
in turn act on behalf of indirect participants, the ability of a person having an interest in a Restricted 
Global Certificate to pledge such interest to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or 
otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, may be affected by the lack of a physical certificate 
in respect of such interest. 
In the case of Registered Notes to be cleared through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC, transfers may be made at any time by a holder of an interest in an Unrestricted Global 
Certificate to a transferee who wishes to take delivery of such interest through the Restricted Global 
Certificate for the same Series of Notes provided that any such transfer made on or prior to the 
expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period relating to the Notes represented by such 
Unrestricted Global Certificate will only be made upon receipt by the Registrar or any Transfer Agent 
of a written certificate from Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be (based on a 
written certificate from the transferor of such interest), to the effect that such transfer is being made 
to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable securities 
law of any State of the United States or any other jurisdiction. Any such transfer made thereafter of 
an interest in the Notes represented by such Unrestricted Global Certificate will only be made upon 
request, through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, by the holder of an interest in the 
Unrestricted Global Certificate to the Fiscal Agent and receipt by the Fiscal Agent of details of that 
account at either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC to be credited with the relevant 
interest in the Restricted Global Certificate. Transfers at any time by a holder of any interest in the

--- Page 237 ---
Clearing and Settlement in respect of English Law Notes 
237 
Restricted Global Certificate to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through an 
Unrestricted Global Certificate will only be made upon delivery to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent 
of a certificate setting forth compliance with the provisions of Regulation S and giving details of the 
accounts at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and/or DTC to be credited 
and debited, respectively, with an interest in the relevant Global Certificates. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described 
above and under “Transfer Restrictions for the English Law Notes”, cross-market transfers between 
DTC, on the one hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear 
accountholders, on the other, will be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its 
rules and through action taken by the Custodian, the Registrar and the Fiscal Agent. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders 
in Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between 
participants in DTC will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date 
(T+3). The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. 
Because there is no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear, on the other, transfers of interests in the relevant Registered Global Certificates will be 
effected through the Fiscal Agent, the custodian and the Registrar receiving instructions (and where 
appropriate certification) from the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being 
transferred to the credit of the designated account for the transferee. Transfers will be effected on 
the later of (i) three business days after the trade date for the disposal of the interest in the relevant 
Registered Global Certificate resulting in such transfer and (ii) two business days after receipt by the 
Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, of the necessary certification or information to 
effect such transfer. In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be made on a delivery 
versus payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements for 
payment must be made separately. 
In addition, where the Unrestricted Global Certificate is held under NSS, any such transfers shall be 
effected through appropriate entities in the records of, and in accordance with the rules of the 
relevant clearing system. 
For a further description of restrictions on the transfer of Registered Notes, see “Transfer Restrictions 
for the English Law Notes”. 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it will take any action permitted to be taken by a holder of Registered 
Notes (including, without limitation, the presentation of Restricted Global Certificates for exchange 
as described above) only at the direction of one or more participants in whose account with DTC 
interests in Restricted Global Certificates are credited and only in respect of such portion of the 
aggregate principal amount of the relevant Restricted Global Certificates as to which such participant 
or participants has or have given such direction. However, in the circumstances described above, 
DTC will surrender the relevant Restricted Global Certificates for exchange for Definitive Registered 
Notes (which will, in the case of Rule 144A Notes, bear the legend applicable to transfers pursuant 
to Rule 144A). 
DTC has advised the Issuer as follows: DTC is a limited purpose trust company organised under the 
laws of the State of New York, a “banking organisation” under the laws of the State of New York, a 
member of the U.S. Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New

--- Page 238 ---
Clearing and Settlement in respect of English Law Notes 
238 
York Uniform Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of 
Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC was created to hold securities for its participants and facilitate 
the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between participants through electronic 
computerised book-entry changes in accounts of its participants, thereby eliminating the need for 
physical movement of certificates. Direct participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, 
trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. Indirect access to DTC is 
available to others, such as banks, securities brokers, dealers and trust companies, that clear 
through or maintain a custodial relationship with a DTC direct participant, either directly or indirectly. 
Although DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have agreed to the foregoing procedures 
in order to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in the Registered Global Certificates among 
participants and accountholders of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, they are under 
no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be 
discontinued at any time. None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any Transfer Agent will have any 
responsibility for the performance by DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective 
direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and 
procedures governing their operations. 
While a Restricted Global Certificate is lodged with DTC or the custodian, Rule 144A Notes 
represented by Definitive Registered Notes will not be eligible for clearing or settlement through 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear. 
Pre-issue Trades Settlement 
It is expected that delivery of Notes will be made against payment therefor on the relevant Issue 
Date, which could be more than three business days following the date of pricing. Under Rule 15c6-
1 of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act, trades in the United 
States secondary market generally are required to settle within three business days (T+3), unless 
the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, in the event that an Issue Date 
is moved from three business days (T+3) following the relevant date of pricing, purchasers who wish 
to trade Registered Notes in the United States on the date of pricing or the next succeeding business 
days until the relevant Issue Date will be required, by virtue of the fact the Notes initially may settle 
beyond T+3, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed 
settlement. Settlement procedures in other countries will vary. Purchasers of Notes may be affected 
by such local settlement practices and, in the event that an Issue Date is moved from three business 
days (T+3) following the relevant date of pricing, purchasers of Notes who wish to trade Notes 
between the date of pricing and the relevant Issue Date should consult their own adviser.

--- Page 239 ---
239 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS FOR THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
The following provisions apply to the English Law Notes only. 
Rule 144A Notes and Section 4(a)(2) Notes 
Each purchaser of Rule 144A Notes and each purchaser of Section 4(a)(2) Notes, by accepting 
delivery of this Base Prospectus, will be deemed to make the relevant representations, 
acknowledgements and agreements set forth below, and each Institutional Accredited Investor 
purchasing Section 4(a)(2) Notes will be required to execute an investment letter in which it will make 
the relevant representations, acknowledgements and agreements set forth below: 
(1) 
It (a)(i) is a QIB, (ii) is acquiring such Notes for its own account or for the account of one or 
more QIBs and (iii) is aware, and each beneficial owner of such Notes has been advised, that 
the sale of such Notes to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A or (b)(i) is an Institutional 
Accredited Investor acquiring such Notes for its own account or for the account of one or more 
Institutional Accredited Investors for investment purposes only and not with a view to the 
distribution of the Notes, (ii) has such knowledge and experience in financial and business 
matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Notes, and 
(iii) is able to bear the economic risk of its investment. 
(2) 
It understands that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except in accordance with the 
applicable legend set forth in either paragraph (3) or paragraph (4) below. 
(3) 
It understands that Notes offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A, unless the Issuer 
determines otherwise in compliance with applicable law, will bear a legend to the following 
effect: 
THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY 
SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF 
THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT (“RULE 144A”) TO A PERSON THAT THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON 
ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVE IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL 
BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, (3) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE) OR (4) 
TO AN INSTITUTIONAL “ACCREDITED INVESTOR” WITHIN THE MEANINGS OF 
SUBPARAGRAPHS (a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3) or (a)(7) OF RULE 501 UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT (IN WHICH CASE THE TRANSFEREE SHALL DELIVER TO THE ISSUER AN OPINION 
OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER THAT SUCH TRANSFER DOES NOT 
REQUIRE THE REGISTRATION OF THE NOTES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ALONG 
WITH SUCH OTHER CERTIFICATIONS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS OR INFORMATION AS 
THE ISSUER SHALL REQUIRE), IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. NO 
REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION 
PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE.

--- Page 240 ---
Transfer Restrictions for the English Law Notes 
240 
(4) 
It understands that Notes offered and sold in the United States to an Institutional Accredited 
Investor pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or in certain other transactions which 
are exempt from registration under the Securities Act will bear a legend to the following effect: 
THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER, AND WAS 
ORIGINALLY ISSUED IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER, THE 
UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), 
AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE 
ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION THEREFROM. 
EACH PURCHASER OF THIS NOTE ACKNOWLEDGES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE 
ISSUER AND THE DEALERS THE RESTRICTIONS ON THE TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE 
SET FORTH BELOW AND AGREES THAT IT SHALL TRANSFER THIS NOTE ONLY AS 
PROVIDED IN THE AMENDED AND RESTATED AGENCY AGREEMENT ENTERED INTO 
BY THE ISSUER ON 12 APRIL 2021. THE PURCHASER REPRESENTS THAT IT IS 
ACQUIRING THIS NOTE FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO ANY SALE 
OR DISTRIBUTION HEREOF, SUBJECT TO ITS ABILITY TO RESELL THIS NOTE 
PURSUANT TO RULE 144A OR REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AS 
OTHERWISE PROVIDED BELOW AND SUBJECT IN ANY CASE TO ANY REQUIREMENT 
OF LAW THAT THE DISPOSITION OF THE PROPERTY OF ANY PURCHASER SHALL AT 
ALL TIMES BE AND REMAIN WITHIN ITS CONTROL. EACH PURCHASER OF THIS NOTE 
IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE SELLER OF THIS NOTE MAY BE RELYING ON THE 
EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT 
PROVIDED BY RULE 144A THEREUNDER. 
THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF AGREES TO OFFER, SELL 
OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH NOTE PRIOR TO THE DATE (THE “RESALE 
RESTRICTION TERMINATION DATE”) WHICH IS TWO YEARS AFTER THE LATER OF 
THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR 
ANY AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY 
PREDECESSOR OF SUCH NOTE) ONLY (A) TO THE ISSUER, (B) PURSUANT TO A 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS BEEN DECLARED EFFECTIVE UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, (C) FOR SO LONG AS THE NOTES ARE ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE 
PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, TO A PERSON IT 
REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A “QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” AS DEFINED IN 
RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT THAT PURCHASES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER TO WHOM NOTICE IS 
GIVEN THAT THE TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, (D) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (E) TO AN INSTITUTIONAL 
“ACCREDITED INVESTOR” WITHIN THE MEANINGS OF SUBPARAGRAPHS (a)(1), (a)(2), 
(a)(3) OR (a)(7) OF RULE 501 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT THAT IS ACQUIRING THE 
NOTE FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF SUCH AN INSTITUTIONAL 
“ACCREDITED INVESTOR”, IN EACH CASE IN A MINIMUM PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THE 
SECURITIES OF U.S.$500,000 AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR FOR OFFER OR SALE IN 
CONNECTION WITH, ANY DISTRIBUTION IN VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT, (F) 
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
PROVIDED BY RULE 144 THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE) OR (G) PURSUANT TO 
ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF 
THE SECURITIES ACT, SUBJECT TO THE ISSUER’S RIGHT, PRIOR TO ANY SUCH

--- Page 241 ---
Transfer Restrictions for the English Law Notes 
241 
OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSES (E), (F) OR (G), TO REQUIRE 
THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, CERTIFICATION AND/OR OTHER 
INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER. IN ADDITION, IN EACH OF THE 
FOREGOING CASES SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER WILL ONLY BE MADE IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND A CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER IN THE FORM APPEARING ON 
THE OTHER SIDE OF THIS NOTE IS REQUIRED TO BE COMPLETED AND DELIVERED 
BY THE TRANSFEROR TO THE PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT. THIS LEGEND WILL BE 
REMOVED UPON THE REQUEST OF THE HOLDER AFTER THE RESALE RESTRICTION 
TERMINATION DATE. THE HOLDER WILL, AND EACH SUBSEQUENT HOLDER IS 
REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER OF THIS NOTE FROM IT OF THE TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO IN THIS PARAGRAPH. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE 
MADE AS TO AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE. 
IF REQUESTED BY THE ISSUER OR BY A DEALER, THE PURCHASER AGREES TO 
PROVIDE THE INFORMATION NECESSARY TO DETERMINE WHETHER THE TRANSFER 
OF THIS NOTE IS PERMISSIBLE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THIS NOTE AND 
RELATED DOCUMENTATION MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO 
TIME TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND 
OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW 
OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING 
TO THE RESALE OR TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. BY THE 
ACCEPTANCE OF THIS NOTE, THE HOLDER HEREOF SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE 
AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT.” 
Each purchaser of Section 4(a)(2) Notes will be required to deliver to the Issuer and the 
Registrar an investment letter substantially in the form prescribed in the Agency Agreement. 
The Section 4(a)(2) Notes will be subject to the transfer restrictions set forth in the above 
legend, such letter and in the Agency Agreement. Inquiries concerning transfers of Notes 
should be made to any Dealer. 
(5) 
It acknowledges that the Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will 
rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and 
agreements. If it is acquiring any Restricted Notes for the account of one or more QIBs or 
Institutional Accredited Investors it represents that it has sole investment discretion with 
respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgments, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
(6) 
It understands that the Rule 144A Notes may be represented by the Restricted Global 
Certificate. Before any interest in the Restricted Global Certificate may be offered, sold, 
pledged or otherwise transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in an 
Unrestricted Global Certificate, it will be required to provide a Transfer Agent with a written 
certification (in the form provided in the Agency Agreement) as to compliance with applicable 
securities laws. 
(7) 
It acknowledges that (a) it has been afforded an opportunity to request from the Issuer and to 
review, and it has received, all additional information considered by it to be necessary to verify 
the accuracy of the information herein and the relevant Final Terms; (b) it has not relied on any 
Dealer or any person affiliated with any Dealer in connection with its investigation of the 
accuracy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms or

--- Page 242 ---
Transfer Restrictions for the English Law Notes 
242 
its investment decision; and (c) no person has been authorised to give any information or to 
make any representation concerning the Issuer or the Notes other than those contained in this 
Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms and, if given or made, such other information 
or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any 
Dealer. 
Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the 
exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. In 
addition, other restrictions with respect to ERISA considerations apply. Please refer to the 
“Certain ERISA considerations” section. 
Regulation S Notes 
Each purchaser of Notes outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S and each subsequent 
purchaser of such Notes in resales prior to expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period by 
accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus, will be deemed to have represented and agreed and 
acknowledged as follows: 
(1) 
It is, or at the same time Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and 
it is located outside the United States and is not a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) 
and it is not an affiliate of the Issuer or a person acting on behalf of such affiliate. 
(2) 
It understands that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act. It agrees, for the benefit of the Issuer, the Dealers and the Dealers’ affiliates, that, if prior 
to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, it decides to resell, pledge or 
otherwise transfer such Notes purchased by it, any offer, sale or transfer of such Notes will 
be made in (a) in accordance with Rule 144A to a person that it and any person acting on its 
behalf reasonably believe is a QIB purchasing for its own account or the account of a QIB or 
(b) in an offshore transaction in compliance with Regulation S, in each case in accordance 
with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States. 
(3) 
With respect to any such Notes that are Registered Notes, it understands that prior to the 
expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period relating to such Notes, unless the Issuer 
determines otherwise in compliance with the Distribution Compliance Period and applicable 
law, such Notes will bear a legend to the following effect: 
THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY 
SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION 
OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES EXCEPT PURSUANT TO 
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
(4) 
It acknowledges that the Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will 
rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and 
agreements. 
(5) 
It understands that the Notes offered in reliance on Regulation S will be represented by the 
Unrestricted Global Certificate. Prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, 
before any interest in the Restricted Global Certificate may be offered, sold, pledged or 
otherwise transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in the 
Unrestricted Global Certificate, it will be required to provide a Transfer Agent with a written

--- Page 243 ---
Transfer Restrictions for the English Law Notes 
243 
certification (in the form provided in the Agency Agreement) as to compliance with applicable 
securities laws. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meaning 
given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
Registered Notes will be offered in the United States only by approaching prospective purchasers 
on an individual basis. No general solicitation or general advertising (as such terms are used in Rule 
502 under the Securities Act) will be used in connection with the offering of the Notes in the United 
States and no directed selling efforts (as defined in Regulation S) will be used in connection with the 
offering of the Notes outside of the United States. 
In addition, other restrictions with respect to ERISA considerations apply. Please refer to the "Certain 
ERISA Considerations" Section.

--- Page 244 ---
244 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES  
These Terms and Conditions of French Law Notes shall be applicable to all Notes issued pursuant 
to Final Terms for French Law Notes.  
The following are the terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) of the Notes to be issued under French 
Law that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms for 
French Law Notes, shall be applicable to the French Law Notes. In the case of Materialised Notes, 
either (i) the full text of these Conditions together with the relevant provisions of the related Final 
Terms or (ii) these Conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-
applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on or attached to such Notes in definitive form. In the case 
of Dematerialised Notes, where no physical documents of title will be issued, the text of the 
Conditions will be constituted by the following text, as completed by the relevant Final Terms. All 
capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them, as 
the case may be, in the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus or in the relevant Final 
Terms.  References in the Conditions to (i) “Notes” are to the French Law Notes of one Series only, 
not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme, (ii) “Senior Notes” are to the Senior Notes 
of one Series only, not to all Senior Notes that may be issued under the Programme, (iii) “Senior 
Preferred Notes” are to the Senior Preferred Notes of one Series only, not to all Senior Preferred 
Notes that may be issued under the Programme, (iv) “Senior Non-Preferred Notes” are to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes of one Series only, not to all Senior Non-Preferred Notes that may be 
issued under the Programme and (v) “Subordinated Notes” are to the Subordinated Notes of one 
Series only, not to all Subordinated Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
An Amended and Restated Agency Agreement dated 12 April 2021 has been entered into between 
the Issuer, Crédit Agricole S.A. as, inter alia, fiscal agent, paying agent and calculation agent and 
the other agents named in it (as further amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency 
Agreement”). The fiscal agent, the paying agents, and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if 
any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which 
expression shall include the Fiscal Agent) and the “Calculation Agent(s)” and all together the 
“Agents”.  
Copies of the Agency Agreement, and, where applicable, any registration agency agreement 
providing for the appointment of a Registration Agent (as defined below) as from the relevant Issue 
Date, can be obtained by the Noteholders, upon demand, from the Paying Agents.  
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Method of Issue 
(a) 
Form 
The Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) 
or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”), in each case in the Specified 
Currency, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles 
L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of 
title (including certificats representatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes. Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the

--- Page 245 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
245 
Issuer and as specified in the relevant Final Terms, in either bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of 
Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the 
accounts of Account Holders, or in registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder 
(as defined below) in either administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder designated by the 
relevant Noteholder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in 
an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or by 
a registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) selected by and 
acting on behalf the Issuer (the “Registration Agent”). 
The Issuer may require the identification of the Noteholders, in accordance 
with French law, unless such right is expressly excluded in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer definitive form (“Materialised Bearer 
Notes”) only. Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form (“Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes”) are serially numbered and are issued with 
interest coupons (the “Coupons”) (and, where appropriate, a talon (the 
“Talon”) for further Coupons) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon 
Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest 
due after the maturity date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Maturity Date”)), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not 
applicable). Instalment Notes (as defined below) are issued with one or more 
receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the “Receipts”) attached.  
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French 
Code monétaire et financier, securities (including the Materialised Notes) in 
materialised form and governed by French law must be issued outside the 
French territory. 
The Notes may be either Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed Rate Resettable Notes, Floating 
Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, CMS Linked Notes, Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, 
Instalment Notes or Zero Coupon Notes, or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms and depending upon the 
Interest and Redemption Basis shown on the relevant Final Terms.  
The Notes shall constitute obligations within the meaning of Article L.213-5 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier. 
(b) 
Denomination(s) 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms (the “Specified Denomination(s)”) save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in an EEA 
Member State, or offered to the public in an EEA Member State, in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will 
be at least such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the relevant Specified Currency.

--- Page 246 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
246 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and 
in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, 
and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the 
transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such 
Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the 
accounts maintained by the Issuer or by the relevant Registration Agent.  
(ii) 
Title to Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and 
Talons shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, 
the Noteholder (as defined below) of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon 
shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes, whether or not such Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is overdue 
and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, or (in the case 
of any Materialised Notes) any writing on it or its theft or loss, and no person 
shall be liable for so treating the Noteholder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means (i) in the case of Materialised Notes, the 
bearer of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note and the Receipts, Coupons or 
Talon relating to it and (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose 
name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder, the Issuer or the 
Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Dematerialised 
Note. 
(d) 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more issue date 
(each, an “Issue Date”) and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in 
respect of the first payment of interest and issue price), the Notes of each Series 
being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each 
Series may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different 
Issue Dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be supplemented, where necessary, 
with supplemental terms and conditions and, save in respect of the Issue Date, the 
issue price, the interest commencement date, the aggregate nominal amount and 
the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon, will be identical to the 
terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 247 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
247 
2 
Exchanges and Conversions of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Materialised Notes 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged 
for Materialised Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Conversion of Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may 
not be converted for Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, 
whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif), whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré), may not be 
converted for Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au 
porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, 
at the option of the relevant Noteholder, be converted into Notes in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The 
exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance 
with Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such 
conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
3 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes may be either senior Notes (the “Senior Notes”) or subordinated Notes (the 
“Subordinated Notes”) as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(a) 
Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes may be either senior preferred Notes (the “Senior Preferred 
Notes”) or senior non-preferred Notes (the “Senior Non-Preferred Notes”), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Senior Preferred Notes 
The Senior Preferred Notes (being those Notes which the relevant Final 
Terms specify as being Senior Preferred Notes) are Senior Preferred 
Obligations.  
The principal and interest on the Senior Preferred Notes constitute, with the 
Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons relating to them (if any), direct, 
unconditional, senior (chirographaires) and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer, and rank and shall at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu among themselves and with other Senior Preferred 
Obligations of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
senior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer and any

--- Page 248 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
248 
obligations ranking junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; and 
(iii) 
junior to all present and future claims benefiting from statutory 
preferences. 
If and to the extent permitted by the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations, the 
Issuer may treat the Senior Preferred Notes, for regulatory purposes, as 
MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments under the Applicable MREL/TLAC 
Regulations, but in such case the obligations of the Issuer and the rights of 
the Noteholders under the Senior Preferred Notes shall not be affected if the 
Senior Preferred Notes no longer qualify as MREL/TLAC-Eligible 
Instruments. However, in such circumstances, the Issuer may redeem the 
Senior Preferred Notes in accordance with Condition 6(c) (Redemption of 
Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event), if a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event Call Option is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” means any obligations or other 
instruments issued by the Issuer which fall or are expressed to fall within the 
category of obligations described in Articles L.613-30-3-I-4° and R.613-28 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier. 
“Senior Preferred Obligations” means any obligations or other instruments 
issued by the Issuer which fall or are expressed to fall within the category of 
obligations described in Article L.613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code monétaire 
et financier. For the avoidance of doubt, all unsubordinated debt securities 
issued by the Issuer prior to the entry into force of Article L.613-30-3-I-4° of 
the French Code monétaire et financier constitute Senior Preferred 
Obligations. 
(ii) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes (being those Notes which the relevant Final 
Terms specify as being Senior Non-Preferred Notes) are Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations as provided for in Articles L.613-30-3-I-4° and R.613-
28 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
The principal and interest on the Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute, with 
the Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons relating to them (if any), direct, 
unconditional, senior (chirographaires) and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer, and rank and shall at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu among themselves and with other Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
senior to Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
junior to Senior Preferred Obligations of the Issuer and all present and 
future claims benefiting from statutory preferences. 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court 
declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, the 
Noteholders will have a right to payment under the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and the Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons relating to them (if any):

--- Page 249 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
249 
(i) 
only after and subject to payment in full of holders of Senior Preferred 
Obligations and other present and future claims benefiting from 
statutory preferences or otherwise ranking in priority to Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations; and 
(ii) 
subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of Ordinarily 
Subordinated Obligations of the Issuer and other present and future 
claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations. 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be 
treated, for regulatory purposes, as MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments under 
the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations but that the obligations of the Issuer 
and the rights of the Noteholders under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall 
not be affected if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes no longer qualify as 
MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments. However, in such circumstances, the 
Issuer may redeem the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with 
Condition 6(c) (Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event), if a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event Call Option is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Ordinarily 
Subordinated 
Obligations” 
means 
any 
subordinated 
obligations or other instruments issued by the Issuer which constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes (being those Notes which the relevant Final Terms specify 
as being Subordinated Notes) are issued pursuant to the provisions of Article 
L.228-97 of the French Code de commerce and are subordinated instruments as 
provided for in Article L.613-30-3-I-5° of the French Code monétaire et financier.  
The principal and interest on the Subordinated Notes constitute, with the Receipts, 
Talons and/or Coupons relating to them (if any), direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and subordinated obligations of the Issuer, and rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
so long as the Subordinated Notes constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital, 
pari passu with (a) any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which 
constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and (b) any other 
present and future direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank equally with the 
Subordinated Notes;  
(iii) 
if and when the Subordinated Notes are fully excluded from Tier 2 Capital,  
(a) senior to (x) any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which 
constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and any other 
present and future direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank equally with 
them and (y) any other present and future direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are 
expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes;

--- Page 250 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
250 
(b) pari passu with any other present and future direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are 
expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes which are 
fully excluded from Tier 2 Capital; 
(iv) 
senior to any present and future prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, 
titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and deeply subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer (engagements dits "super subordonnés" or engagements 
subordonnés de dernier rang); and 
(v) 
junior to all present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
(including obligations towards depositors) of the Issuer and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer other than the present or future obligations of the 
Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the 
Subordinated Notes. 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court 
declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer 
is liquidated for any other reason, the Noteholders will have a right to payment 
under the Subordinated Notes and the Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons relating 
to them (if any):  
(i) 
subordinated to the payment in full of creditors in respect of all present and 
future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations (including obligations 
towards depositors) of the Issuer and subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
other than the present or future obligations of the Issuer that rank or are 
expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the Subordinated Notes; and  
(ii) 
subject to such payment in full, in priority to: 
(a) any prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, any titres participatifs 
issued by it and any deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
(engagements dits “super subordonnés” or engagements subordonnés 
de dernier rang); and  
(b) if and when the Subordinated Notes are fully excluded from Tier 2 
Capital, (x) any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which 
constitute, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and any other 
present and future direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank equally with 
them and (y) any other present and future direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are 
expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes. 
In the event of incomplete payment of all present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations (including obligations towards depositors) of the Issuer 
and subordinated obligations of the Issuer other than the present or future 
obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior 
to the Subordinated Notes, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the 
Subordinated Notes will be terminated.  
If an insolvency proceeding or voluntary liquidation applies to the Issuer, the 
holders of the Subordinated Notes shall be responsible for taking all steps 
necessary to preserve the rights they may have against the Issuer.

--- Page 251 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
251 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Subordinated Notes shall, (i) for supervisory 
purposes, be treated as Tier 2 Capital, and (ii) for regulatory purposes, be treated 
as MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments under the Applicable MREL/TLAC 
Regulations, but that the obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes 
shall not be affected and the rights of the Noteholders under the Subordinated 
Notes shall not be negatively affected if the Subordinated Notes no longer qualify 
as Tier 2 Capital and/or MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments. However, in such 
circumstances, the Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance 
with, as applicable, Condition 6(c) (Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event) if a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event Call 
Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and/or Condition 6(d) 
(Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to Subordinated 
Notes). 
For a description of the risks related to a change to a more senior rank of any 
Subordinated Notes or other capital instruments (including instruments initially 
ranking junior to the Subordinated Notes, such as additional tier 1 instruments) 
issued after 28 December 2020, if they are no longer fully recognised as capital 
instruments, pursuant to Article L.613-30-3-I-5° of the French Code monétaire et 
financier created by the French Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 relative au régime de 
résolution dans le secteur bancaire dated 21 December 2020 implementing under 
French law Article 48(7) of the BRRD II, please refer to the risk factor entitled 
« Subordinated Notes are subordinated obligations and are junior to certain 
obligations » and to the paragraph entitled “Implementation of Article 48(7) of 
BRRD II under French law” in the section “Government Supervision and Regulation 
of Credit institutions in France”. 
Without prejudice to the provisions of this Condition 3, if any Statutory Loss Absorption 
Power were to be exercised as further described in Condition 19 (Statutory Write-Down 
or Conversion), losses would in principle be borne (i) first by the holders of capital 
instruments in the following order of priority: (x) holders of common equity tier 1 
instruments, (y) holders of additional tier 1 instruments issued before 28 December 2020, 
and holders of additional tier 1 instruments issued after 28 December 2020 so long as 
they remain totally or partly qualified as such, and (z) holders of tier 2 capital instruments 
issued before 28 December 2020, and holders of tier 2 capital instruments issued after 
28 December 2020 so long as they remain totally or partly qualified as such (such as the 
Subordinated Notes so long as they constitue, fully or partly, Tier 2 Capital), (ii) then by 
the holders of bail-inable liabilities in the following order of priority: (x) subordinated debt 
instruments other than capital instruments (including, without limitation, the Subordinated 
Notes issued after 28 December 2020 if and when they are fully excluded from Tier 2 
Capital) in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings, 
and (y) other bail-inable liabilities in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal 
insolvency proceedings so that losses would in principle be borne first by holders of 
unsecured senior non-preferred debt instruments (such as the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) and then by holders of unsecured senior preferred debt instruments (such as the 
Senior Preferred Notes). For more information on the consequences of a resolution 
procedure initiated in respect of the Issuer and/or the Crédit Agricole Group in 
accordance with the provisions of the BRRD II, please refer to the section entitled

--- Page 252 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
252 
“Government Supervision and Regulation of Credit Institutions in France” and the section 
entitled “Risk factors”. 
4 
No Negative Pledge 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
The Notes may be either fixed rate Notes (the “Fixed Rate Notes”), Fixed Rate 
Resettable Notes, fixed to floating rate Notes (the “Fixed / Floating Rate Notes”), 
floating rate Notes (the “Floating Rate Notes”), Inflation Linked Notes, CMS Linked 
Notes, Instalment Notes or zero coupon Notes (the “Zero Coupons Notes”), in each 
case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Resettable Notes 
(i) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The Interest Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 5(j) (Calculations). 
If a fixed amount of interest ("Fixed Coupon Amount") or a broken amount 
of interest ("Broken Amount") is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
relevant Interest Period will amount (i) to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, (ii) to the Broken Amount so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Resettable Notes 
If a Fixed Rate Note is specified in the relevant Final Terms as resettable (a 
“Fixed Rate Resettable Note”), the Rate of Interest will initially be a fixed 
rate and will then be resettable as provided below: 
The Rate of Interest in respect of an Interest Period will be as follows: 
(i) 
for each Interest Period falling in the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date, 
the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
for each Interest Period falling in the First Reset Period, the First Reset 
Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Interest Period in any Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Period. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(a)(ii): 
“CMT Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset 
Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent and expressed as a percentage equal to:

--- Page 253 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
253 
(i) 
the yield for U.S. treasury securities at “constant maturity” for the 
relevant CMT Rate Maturity, as published in the H.15(519) under the 
caption “Treasury constant maturities (Nominal)”, as that yield is 
displayed, for the particular Reset Determination Date, on the CMT 
Rate Screen Page;  
(ii) 
if the yield referred to in (i) above is not published by 4:00 p.m. (New 
York City time) on the CMT Rate Screen Page on such Reset 
Determination Date, the yield for U.S. treasury securities at “constant 
maturity” for a designated maturity of five years as published in the 
H.15(519) under the caption “Treasury constant maturities (Nominal)” 
for such Reset Determination Date; or 
(iii) 
if the yield referred to in (ii) above is not published by 4:30 p.m. (New 
York City time) on such Reset Determination Date, the rate calculated 
by the Calculation Agent as being a yield-to-maturity based on the 
Reference Government Bond Price at approximately 4:30 p.m. (New 
York City time) on such Reset Determination Date; 
“CMT Rate (JGB)” means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset 
Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent and expressed as a percentage equal to: 
(i) 
the yield for Japanese government bonds at “constant maturity” for the 
relevant CMT Rate Maturity, as published on the website of Ministry of 
Finance of Japan under the caption “Interest Rate” or any successor 
page or service (the “CMT Rate (JGB) Screen Page”), as that yield is 
displayed, for the particular Reset Determination Date, on such Reset 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if the yield referred to in (i) above is not published by 4:30 p.m. (Tokyo 
Time) on the CMT Rate (JGB) Screen Page on such Reset 
Determination Date, the rate calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
being a yield-to-maturity based on the Reference Government Bond 
Price at approximately 4:30 p.m. (Tokyo Time) on such Reset 
Determination Date; 
“CMT Rate Maturity” means the designated maturity for the CMT Rate or 
CMT Rate (JGB), as applicable, to be used for the determination of the Reset 
Reference Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“CMT Rate Screen Page” means page H15T5Y on the Bloomberg L.P. 
service or any successor service or such other page as may replace that 
page on that service for the purpose of displaying “Treasury constant 
maturities” as reported in the H.15(519); 
“First Reset Date” has the meaning specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if none, the Maturity Date; 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of

--- Page 254 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
254 
the Reset Reference Rate for the First Reset Period and the First Margin; 
“First Margin” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean 
of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency 
equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are 
payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day 
count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap 
transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal 
to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
(ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good 
credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg equivalent to the Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for 
floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent); 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means LIBOR, EURIBOR or 
any other reference rate as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, or 
such other rate, if any, as will have generally replaced LIBOR, EURIBOR or 
any other reference rate specified in the relevant Final Terms in the relevant 
market at the relevant time for purposes of the Mid-Market Swap Rate as 
determined by the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and pursuant to the terms set forth 
in paragraph (c) of the definition of Mid-Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Swap Maturity” has the meaning specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Period: 
(a) the mid-swap rate for swaps in the Specified Currency, with a term 
equal to such Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset 
Date, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page (the “Screen Page 
Mid-Swap Rate”) as at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(b) If on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not 
available or, the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date, except as provided in paragraph (c) below, 
the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reset Reference 
Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate

--- Page 255 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
255 
Quotation as at approximately the Relevant Time on the Reset 
Determination Date in question. 
If at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the Mid-Swap Rate for 
the relevant Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards)) of the relevant quotations provided, eliminating 
the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) 
and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
lowest), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If only two relevant quotations are provided, the Mid-Swap Rate for 
the relevant Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
aforesaid) of the relevant quotations provided, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
If only one relevant quotation is provided, the Mid-Swap Rate for the 
relevant Reset Period will be the relevant quotation, provided as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent 
with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation, the Mid-Swap Rate for the 
relevant Reset Period will be equal to the last Mid-Swap Rate 
available on the Relevant Screen Page as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, except that if the Calculation Agent or the Issuer 
determines that the absence of quotation is due to the discontinuation 
of the Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate, then the Mid-Swap Rate will be 
determined in accordance with paragraph (c) below. 
(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (b) above, if at any time prior to, on or 
following any Reset Determination Date, (i) a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to the Mid-Swap Rate or (ii) the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate 
has been discontinued, the Issuer will as soon as reasonably 
practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant Reset 
Determination Date) appoint an agent (the “Mid-Swap Rate 
Determination Agent”), which will determine, acting in good faith, in 
a commercially reasonable manner, and as an independent expert in 
the performance of its duties, whether a substitute or successor rate 
for purposes of determining the Mid-Swap Rate on each Reset 
Determination Date falling on such date or thereafter that is 
substantially comparable to the Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate is 
available. If the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent determines that 
there is an industry accepted successor rate, the Mid-Swap Rate 
Determination Agent will use such successor rate to determine the 
Mid-Swap Rate. For these purposes, a rate that (i) has a fixed leg 
term equal to that of the original Mid-Swap Rate and (ii) has a floating 
leg equivalent to the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the 
Mid-Swap Maturity that is formally recommended by a relevant central 
bank, reserve bank, monetary authority, a group of the aforesaid

--- Page 256 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
256 
central banks, monetary authority or supervisory authority, or any 
similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) 
for the currency to which the Mid-Swap Rate relates or any 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Mid-Swap Rate will be considered an industry 
accepted successor rate. It is further specified that if there is two or 
more industry successor rates recommended by the above-
mentionned authority, institution or working groups, the Reference 
Rate Determination Agent shall determine which of those successor 
rates is most appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, the particular 
features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. If the Mid-
Swap Rate Determination Agent has determined a substitute or 
successor rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, the 
“Replacement Mid-Swap Rate”), for the purposes of determining the 
Mid-Swap Rate on each Reset Determination Date falling on or after 
such determination but not earlier than the actual discontinuation of 
the Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate (i) the Mid-Swap Rate 
Determination Agent will also determine changes (if any) to the 
business day convention, the definition of business day, the interest 
determination date, the day count fraction, and any method for 
obtaining the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate, including any adjustment 
factor needed to make such Replacement Mid-Swap Rate 
comparable to the Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate (including any 
Adjustment Spread), in each case in a manner that is consistent with 
industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Mid-Swap Rates; 
(ii) references to the Mid-Swap Rate in the Conditions and the Final 
Terms applicable to the relevant Notes will be deemed to be 
references to the relevant Replacement Mid-Swap Rate, including 
any alternative method for determining such rate as described in (i) 
above; (iii) the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent will notify the 
Issuer of the foregoing as soon as reasonably practicable; and (iv) the 
Issuer will give a notice as soon as reasonably practicable to the 
Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices)) and the 
relevant Paying Agent specifying the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate, 
as well as the details described in (i) above.  
The determination of the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate and the other 
matters referred to above by the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent, the relevant Paying 
Agent and the Noteholders, unless the Mid-Swap Rate Determination 
Agent, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner, and 
as an independent expert in the performance of its duties, considers 
at a later date that the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate is no longer 
substantially comparable to the Mid-Swap Rate or does not constitute 
an industry accepted successor rate, in which case the Issuer shall 
re-appoint a Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent (which may or may 
not be the same entity as the original Mid-Swap Rate Determination 
Agent) for the purpose of confirming the Mid-Swap Replacement Mid-

--- Page 257 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
257 
Swap Rate or determining a substitute Replacement Mid-Swap Rate 
in an identical manner as described in this paragraph (c). If the Mid-
Swap Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not 
determine a substitute Replacement Mid-Swap Rate, then the 
Replacement Mid-Swap Rate will remain unchanged.  
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have 
accepted the Replacement Mid-Swap Rate or such other changes 
pursuant to this paragraph (c). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (c), (i) if the 
Issuer is unable to appoint a Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent or 
(ii) if the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent is unable to or 
otherwise does not determine for any Interest Determination Date a 
Replacement Mid-Swap Rate or (iii) if the Issuer determines that (a) 
the replacement of the Mid-Swap Rate with the Replacement Mid-
Swap Rate or any other amendment to the terms of the Notes 
necessary to implement such replacement would result in a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or (in the case of Subordinated 
Notes only) a Capital Event or (b) could reasonably result in the 
Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment 
Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant 
Maturity Date, no Replacement Mid-Swap Rate or any other 
successor, replacement or alternative benchmark or screen rate will 
be adopted and the Mid-Swap Rate for the relevant Reset Period will 
be equal to the last Mid-Swap Rate available on the relevant Screen 
Page as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading bank 
or a broker-dealer in the principal financial center of the Specified 
Currency as appointed by the Issuer or (ii) an affiliate of the Issuer.    
"Relevant Time" means the time specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Reset Date” means each of the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date 
and any Subsequent Reset Date, as applicable; 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of a Reset Period, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reset Period” means each of the First Reset Period or any Subsequent 
Reset Period, as applicable; 
“Reference Government Bond” means for any Reset Period, a government 
security or securities issued by the state responsible for issuing the Specified 
Currency or, in the event clause (iii) of the definition of CMT Rate applies, a 
U.S. treasury security, or, in the event clause (ii) of the definition of CMT Rate 
(JGB) applies, a Japanese government bond, in each case selected by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the 
relevant Reset Period that would be used, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of

--- Page 258 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
258 
corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the relevant Reset 
Period; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealers” means each of the four banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent (or such other person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) which are primary European, U.S. or Japanese 
government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues, or such other banks or method of 
selection of such banks as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Government Bond Price” with respect to any Reset 
Determination Date, (i) if at least three of the Reference Government Bond 
Dealers provide the Calculation Agent with Reference Government Bond 
Quotations, the Reference Government Bond Price will be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards)) of the relevant quotations provided, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the 
lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, (ii) if only two relevant quotations are 
provided, the Reference Government Bond Price will be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant quotations provided, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, (iii) if only one relevant quotation is provided, the 
Reference Government Bond Price will be the relevant quotation, provided 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, or (iv) if no quotations are provided, 
the Reference Government Bond Price will be equal to the last available 
Screen Page Reference Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Government Bond Quotations” means, with respect to each 
Reference Government Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination 
Date, the arithmetic mean, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the 
bid and offered prices for the relevant Reference Government Bond 
(expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date quoted in writing to 
the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
“Reset Reference Banks” means the principal office in the principal financial 
center of the Specified Currency of six leading dealers in the swap market 
selected by the Calculation Agent (excluding any Agent or any of its affiliates) 
in its discretion after consultation with the Issuer; 
“Reset Reference Rate” means either:  
(A)  
if “Mid-Swap” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Mid-Swap 
Rate at the Relevant Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date for such 
Reset Period; 
(B) 
if “Reference Government Bond” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the annual yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the relevant Reference Government Bond, 
assuming a price for such Reference Government Bond (expressed as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the relevant Reference 
Government Bond Price; or

--- Page 259 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
259 
(C) 
if “CMT Rate” or “CMT Rate (JGB)” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the CMT Rate or CMT Rate (JGB) on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date for such Reset Period; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Specified Denomination” means the nominal amount of a Note as 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Margin” means the percentage specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means each date specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the 
Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset 
Date, and each successive period from (and including) a Subsequent Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset Date; and 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent 
Reset Period, the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset 
Reference Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, and such interest 
will be payable in arrear in respect of each Interest Period on either (i) each 
Interest Payment Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms or (ii) if no 
specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, “Interest Payment Date” shall mean each date which falls the 
number of months or other period specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.  
The Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(j) 
(Calculations).  
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise 
fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is (A) the “Floating Rate Business Day Convention”, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which 
such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the

--- Page 260 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
260 
“Following Business Day Convention”, such date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the “Modified Following Business 
Day Convention”, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day or (D) the “Preceding Business Day Convention”, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and the provisions below relating to ISDA Determination, FBF 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon 
which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) in 
accordance with Condition 5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of 
Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest 
Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual 
Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, 
“Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, 
“Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to 
those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate 
of Interest for each interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate. For the purposes of 
this sub-paragraph (B), “FBF Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by

--- Page 261 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
261 
the Agent under a notional interest rate swap transaction (échange) in 
the relevant Specified Currency incorporating the FBF Definitions and 
under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
(y) 
the Floating Rate Determination Date is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “Floating Rate”, “Agent” 
and “Floating Rate Determination Date” are translations of the 
French terms “Taux Variable”, “Agent” and “Date de Determination du 
Taux Variable”, respectively, which have the meanings given to those 
terms in the FBF Definitions. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
1. 
Screen Rate Determination 
(x) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
will be either: 
(1) the offered quotation; or 
(2) the arithmetic mean of the offered quotation(s),  
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate which appears or appear, on the Relevant Screen Page (the 
“Screen Page Reference Rate”) as at the Relevant Screen Page 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) in 
accordance with Condition 5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates 
of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, only one of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations. 
(y) If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub paragraph 
(x)(1) applies and no such offered quotation appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page, or if sub paragraph (x)(2) applies and 
fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, in each case as at the Relevant Screen Page Time, 
except as provided in paragraph (z) below, the Calculation Agent 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at the

--- Page 262 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
262 
Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any) in accordance with Condition 5(i) (Margin, 
Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and 
Redemption Amounts and Rounding), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two Reference 
Banks are providing offered quotations, the Rate of Interest shall 
be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered, at the Relevant Screen 
Page Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the 
Relevant Inter-Bank Market plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any) in accordance with Condition 5(i) (Margin, 
Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and 
Redemption Amounts and Rounding). If fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
rates, the Rate of Interest shall be the offered rate for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
at which, at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank 
or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such 
purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading 
banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) in accordance with Condition 5(i) 
(Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment 
Amounts and Redemption Amounts and Rounding).  
By exception, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest shall be equal to the last Reference Rate available 
on the Relevant Screen Page plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any) in accordance with Condition 5(i) (Margin, 
Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and 
Redemption Amounts and Rounding) as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, except that if the Calculation Agent or the Issuer 
determines that the absence of quotation is due to the 
discontinuation of the Screen Page Reference Rate, then the

--- Page 263 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
263 
Reference Rate will be determined in accordance with paragraph 
(z) below. 
(z) Notwithstanding paragraph (y) above, if at any time prior to, on or 
following any Interest Determination Date, (i) a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to the Reference Rate or (ii) the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Screen Page Reference 
Rate has been discontinued, the Issuer will as soon as reasonably 
practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant Interest 
Determination Date) appoint an agent (the “Reference Rate 
Determination Agent”), which will determine, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and as an independent 
expert in the performance of its duties, whether a substitute or 
successor rate for purposes of determining the Reference Rate on 
each Interest Determination Date falling on such date or thereafter 
that is substantially comparable to the Screen Page Reference 
Rate is available. If the Reference Rate Determination Agent 
determines that there is an industry accepted successor rate, the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent will use such successor rate 
to determine the Reference Rate.  For these purposes, a rate that 
is formally recommended by a relevant central bank, reserve bank, 
monetary authority, a group of the aforesaid central banks, 
monetary authority or supervisory authority, or any similar 
institution (including any committee or working group thereof) for 
the currency to which the Reference Rate relates or any 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate will be considered an industry 
accepted successor rate. It is further specified that if there is two 
or more industry successor rates recommended by the above-
mentionned authority, institution or working groups, the Reference 
Rate Determination Agent shall determine which of those 
successor rates is most appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, 
the particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the 
Issuer. If the Reference Rate Determination Agent has determined 
a substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing 
(such rate, the “Replacement Reference Rate”), for purposes of 
determining the Reference Rate on each Interest Determination 
Date falling on or after such determination but not earlier than the 
actual discontinuation of the Screen Page Reference Rate (i) the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent will also determine changes 
(if any) to the business day convention, the definition of business 
day, the interest determination date, the day count fraction, and 
any method for obtaining the Replacement Reference Rate, 
including any adjustment factor needed to make such 
Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the Screen Page 
Reference Rate (including any Adjustment Spread), in each case 
in a manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for 
such Replacement Reference Rate; (ii) references to the 
Reference Rate in the Conditions and the Final Terms applicable

--- Page 264 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
264 
to the relevant Notes will be deemed to be references to the 
Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative method 
for determining such rate as described in (i) above; (iii) the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of the 
foregoing as soon as reasonably practicable; and (iv) the Issuer 
will give notice as soon as reasonably practicable to the 
Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices)) and the 
relevant Paying Agent specifying the Replacement Reference 
Rate, as well as the details described in (i) above.  
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the 
other matters referred to above by the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent, 
the relevant Paying Agent and the Noteholders, unless the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent, acting in good faith, in a 
commercially reasonable manner and as an independent expert in 
the performance of its duties, considers at a later date that the 
Replacement Reference Rate is no longer substantially 
comparable to the Reference Rate or does not constitute an 
industry accepted successor rate, in which case the Issuer shall 
re-appoint a Reference Rate Determination Agent (which may or 
may not be the same entity as the original Reference Rate 
Determination Agent) for the purpose of confirming the 
Replacement Reference Rate or determining a substitute 
Replacement Reference Rate in an identical manner as described 
in this paragraph (z). If the Reference Rate Determination Agent is 
unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute 
Replacement Reference Rate, then the Replacement Reference 
Rate will remain unchanged. 
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder shall be deemed to 
have accepted the Replacement Reference Rate or such other 
changes pursuant to this paragraph (z). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (z), (i) if the 
Issuer is unable to appoint a Reference Rate Determination Agent 
or (ii) if the Reference Rate Determination Agent is unable to or 
otherwise does not determine for any Interest Determination Date 
a Replacement Reference Rate or (iii) if the Issuer determines that 
(a) the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement 
Reference Rate or any other amendment to the terms of the Notes 
necessary to implement such replacement would result in a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or (in the case of Subordinated 
Notes only) a Capital Event or (b) could reasonably result in the 
Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment 
Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant 
Maturity Date, no Replacement Reference Rate or any other 
successor, replacement or alternative benchmark or screen rate 
will be adopted and the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest

--- Page 265 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
265 
Accrual Period will be equal to the last Reference Rate available 
on the Relevant Screen Page as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
The Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading 
bank or a broker-dealer in the principal financial center of the 
Specified Currency as appointed by the Issuer or (ii) an affiliate of 
the Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph (z) is not applicable 
where SOFR is specified as Reference Rate nor, save as 
otherwise 
specified 
in 
Condition 
5.(b)(iii)(C)3., 
Condition 
5.(b)(iii)(C)4., Condition 5.(b)(iii)(C)5. or Condition 5.(b)(iii)(C)6., 
as applicable, where SONIA, €STR or SARON (or SAION) or 
TONA is specified as Reference Rate. 
2. 
Provisions specific to SOFR as Reference Rate 
(x) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and SOFR is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Reference Rate, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be equal to the relevant SOFR Benchmark, plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) in 
accordance with Condition 5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates 
of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The “SOFR Benchmark” will be determined based on either 
SOFR Arithmetic Mean, SOFR Compound or SOFR Index 
Average, as follows (subject to paragraph (y) below): 
(1) if SOFR Arithmetic Mean (“SOFR Arithmetic Mean”) is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the SOFR 
Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
of the SOFR rates for each day during the period, as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent, where, if applicable (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), the SOFR rate on the SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date shall be used for the days in the period from (and including) 
the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Interest 
Payment Date; 
(2) if SOFR Compound (“SOFR Compound”) is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the SOFR Benchmark for 
each Interest Period shall be equal to the value of the SOFR rates 
for each day during the relevant Interest Period (where SOFR 
Compound with Lookback is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
to determine SOFR Compound), Observation Period (where 
SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms to determine SOFR Compound) or 
Interest Accrual Period (where SOFR Compound with Payment

--- Page 266 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
266 
Delay is specified in the relevant Final Terms to determine SOFR 
Compound). 
SOFR Compound shall be calculated in accordance with one of 
the formulas referenced below: 
a) SOFR Compound with Lookback: 
ቌෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑅𝑅𝑖𝑖−𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 360
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from (and including) the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
“Lookback Days” means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in 
the relevant Interest Period, means the number of calendar 
days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); and 
“SOFRi-xUSBD” for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period, is equal to the SOFR in 
respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
falling a number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to that day “i” equal to the number of Lookback 
Days. 
b) SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift: 
ቌෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑅𝑅𝑖𝑖 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 360
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards,

--- Page 267 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
267 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from (and including) the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in 
the relevant Observation Period, means the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling a 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal 
to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first date in such 
Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling a number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the 
number of Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
in the relevant Observation Period, is equal to SOFR in 
respect of that day “i”. 
c) SOFR Compound with Payment Delay 
ቌෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑅𝑅𝑖𝑖 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 360
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period;

--- Page 268 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
268 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from (and including) the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“Interest Accrual Periods” each period from (and including) 
an Interest Accrual Period End Date (or in the case of the first 
Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the next Interest Accrual Period End Date (or, 
in the case of the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity 
Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the notes prior to the 
Maturity Date, the redemption date); 
“Interest Accrual Period End Dates” shall have the meaning 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Dates” shall be the number of Business 
Days equal to the Interest Payment Delay following each 
Interest Accrual Period End Date; provided that the Interest 
Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period 
will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the 
notes prior to the Maturity Date, the redemption date; 
“Interest Payment Delay” means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Determination Dates” mean the Interest 
Accrual Period End Date at the end of each Interest Accrual 
Period; provided that the Interest Payment Determination 
Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be 
the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i" in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, means the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i" up to (but excluding) the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); and 
“SOFRi” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day “i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, is equal to 
SOFR in respect of that day “i". 
For purposes of calculating SOFR Compound with respect to 
the final Interest Accrual Period, the level of SOFR for each 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the period from 
(and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable, shall 
be the level of SOFR in respect of such SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date. 
(3) if SOFR Index Average (“SOFR Index Average”) is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the SOFR Benchmark

--- Page 269 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
269 
for each Interest Period shall be equal to the value of the SOFR 
rates for each day during the relevant Interest Period as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
൬𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆
−1൰× ൬360
𝑑𝑑𝑐𝑐
൰ 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“SOFR Index” means the SOFR Index in relation to any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as published by the NY 
Federal Reserve on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website at the 
SOFR Determination Time and appearing on the Relevant 
Screen Page.  
“SOFR IndexStart” means the SOFR Index value on the date 
that is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms preceding the first 
date of the relevant Interest Period (a “SOFR Index 
Determination Date”). 
“SOFR IndexEnd” means the SOFR Index value on the date 
that is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms preceding the 
Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Period (or in 
the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date). 
“dc” means the number of calendar days from (and including) 
the SOFR IndexStart to (but excluding) the SOFR IndexEnd. 
Subject paragraph (y) below, if the SOFR Index is not 
published on any relevant SOFR Index Determination Date 
and a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and related SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred, the “SOFR 
Index Average” shall be calculated on any Interest 
Determination Date with respect to an Interest Period, in 
accordance with the SOFR Compound formula described 
above in “b) SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift” 
and the term “Observation Shift Days” shall mean two U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days. If a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition 
Event 
and 
its 
related 
SOFR 
Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, the provisions set forth in 
paragraph (y) below shall apply. 
In connection with the SOFR provisions above, the following 
definitions apply: 
“Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page” means the Bloomberg 
screen designated “SOFRRATE” or any successor page or 
service;

--- Page 270 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
270 
“NY Federal Reserve” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York; 
“NY Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of the NY 
Federal Reserve, currently at www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website of the NY Federal Reserve or the website of 
any successor administrator of SOFR; 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is a number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day(s) prior to the end of 
each Interest Period, the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as 
applicable, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reuters Page USDSOFR=” means the Reuters page designated 
“USDSOFR=” or any successor page or service; 
“SOFR” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent or the 
SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent, as the case may 
be, in accordance with the following provision: 
(i) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published at the SOFR 
Determination Time, as such rate is reported on the Bloomberg 
Screen SOFRRATE Page, then the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate published at the SOFR Determination Time, as such rate is 
reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=, then the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate that appears at the SOFR Determination 
Time on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website; or 
(ii) if the rate specified in (i) above does not appear, the SOFR 
published on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website for the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which 
SOFR was published on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website;  
“SOFR Determination Time” means approximately 3:00 p.m. 
(New York City time) on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
(y) If the Issuer determines that a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event 
and the related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred at or prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time in 
respect of any determination of the SOFR Benchmark on any day, 
the Issuer will deliver notice thereof to the Calculation Agent and 
as soon as reasonably practicable appoint an agent (the “SOFR 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent”) to determine the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement. Once the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement is determined, it will replace the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to all affected Notes in respect 
of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all 
subsequent dates. 
In connection with the determination of the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement, the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent

--- Page 271 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
271 
will determine appropriate SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Issuer or the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent (as 
the case may be) pursuant to these provisions, including any 
determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of any event, circumstance or date 
and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or 
selection: (1) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(2) will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or the SOFR 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent (as the case may be); and 
(3) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the terms and 
conditions of the affected Notes, shall become effective without the 
consent from the Noteholders or any other party. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (i) the SOFR Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine 
a SOFR Benchmark Replacement for any date on or following the 
relevant SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date, or (ii) the Issuer 
determines that (a) the replacement of then-current SOFR 
Benchmark by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement or any other 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the affected Notes 
necessary to implement such replacement would result in an 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or (in the case of Subordinated 
Notes only) a Capital Event, or (b) could reasonably result in the 
Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment 
Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant 
Maturity Date, no SOFR Benchmark Replacement will be adopted 
by the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent, and the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement will be SOFR determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day immediately preceding the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Date. 
If a SOFR Benchmark Replacement is designated, the 
determination of whether a subsequent SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred will be determined after substituting such prior 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement for the relevant SOFR 
Benchmark, and after application of all SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes in connection with such 
substitution, and all relevant definitions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
In connection with the SOFR Benchmark Replacement provisions 
above, the following definitions apply: 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the SOFR

--- Page 272 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
272 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
a. the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as 
the replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
b. the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
c. the sum of: (a) the alternate rate that has been selected by the 
SOFR 
Replacement 
Rate 
Determination 
Agent 
as 
the 
replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate as a replacement for the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes 
at such time and (b) the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first 
alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by 
the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the 
applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date: 
a. the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement; 
b. if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Spread 
Adjustment; 
c. the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) determined by the SOFR Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” 
means, with respect to any SOFR Benchmark Replacement, any 
technical, administrative or operational changes (including 
changes to the definitions of “interest period”, “interest reset 
period” and ‘interest reset dates”, timing and frequency of 
determining rates with respect to each interest period and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day count 
fractions and other administrative matters) that the SOFR

--- Page 273 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
273 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the SOFR Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent determines that no market practice for use of 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner 
as the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines 
is reasonably necessary); 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to 
occur of the following events with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark: 
a. in the case of clause a. or b. of the definition of SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) 
the date on which the administrator of such SOFR Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component); 
b. in the case of clause c. of the definition of SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date of 
non-representativeness, 
prohibition 
of 
use 
or 
applicable 
restrictions referenced therein; or 
c. in the case of clause d. of the definition of SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event, the date of such SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event, 
provided that, in the event of any public statements or publications 
of information as referenced in clauses a. or b. above, should such 
event or circumstance referred to in such a public statement or 
publication occur on a date falling later than three (3) months after 
the relevant public statement or publication, the SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event shall be deemed to occur on the date falling three 
(3) months prior to such specified date (and not the date of the 
relevant public statement or publication). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but 
earlier than, the SOFR Determination Time in respect of any 
determination, the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date will be 
deemed to have occurred prior to the SOFR Determination Time 
for such determination; 
“SOFR Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of 
one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark:

--- Page 274 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
274 
a. a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark; 
b. a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor of the SOFR Benchmark, the central bank for the 
currency of the SOFR Benchmark, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
SOFR Benchmark, or a court or an entity with similar insolvency 
or resolution authority over the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark, has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark,permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark; 
c. a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark, 
announcing that either the SOFR Benchmark (a) is no longer 
representative, (b) has been or will be prohibited from being used 
or (c) its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally or in respect of the relevant Notes; 
d. the SOFR Benchmark is not published by its administrator (or a 
successor administrator) for five (5) consecutive U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days;   
“Corresponding Tenor” with respect to a SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement means a tenor (including overnight) having 
approximately the same length (disregarding business day 
adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate to be effective upon the 
occurrence of a SOFR Index Cessation Event according to (and 
as defined in) the ISDA Definitions, where such rate may have 
been adjusted for an overnight tenor, but without giving effect to 
any additional spread adjustment to be applied according to such 
ISDA Definitions. 
“ISDA Spread Adjustment” means the spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that shall have 
been selected by ISDA as the spread adjustment that would apply 
to the ISDA Fallback Rate; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Board of Governors 
of the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or

--- Page 275 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
275 
a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY Federal 
Reserve, or any successor; 
“SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent” means the 
agent appointed by the Issuer in the event a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date occur. 
The SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a 
leading bank or a broker-dealer in the principal financial center of 
the Specified Currency as appointed by the Issuer or (ii) an affiliate 
of the Issuer; 
“Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement” means the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement excluding the applicable SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA) recommends 
that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
3. 
Provisions specific to SONIA as Reference Rate 
 (x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and SONIA is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Reference Rate, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be 
equal to the relevant SONIA Benchmark, plus or minus (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) in accordance with 
Condition 5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, 
Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts and Rounding), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The “SONIA Benchmark” will be determined based on either 
SONIA Compound or SONIA Index Determination, as follows 
(subject to paragraph (y) below): 
(1) if SONIA Compound (“SONIA Compound”) is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the SONIA Benchmark 
for each Interest Period shall be equal to the value of the 
SONIA rates for each day during the relevant Interest Period 
(where SONIA Compound with Lookback is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms to determine SONIA Compound), 
Observation 
Period 
(where 
SONIA 
Compound 
with 
Observation Period Shift is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms to determine SONIA Compound) or Interest Accrual 
Period (where SONIA Compound with Payment Delay is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms to determine SONIA 
Compound). 
SONIA Compound shall be calculated in accordance with one 
of the formulas referenced below:

--- Page 276 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
276 
a) SONIA Compound with Lookback: 
ቌෑ൬1 +
SONIA𝑖𝑖−pLBD × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 365
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Period, means the number of London 
Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing 
the 
relevant 
London 
Banking 
Day 
in 
chronological order from (and including) the first London 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest 
Period, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such day “i” up to (but excluding) the following 
London Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Lookback Days” means the number of London Banking 
Days specified in the Final Terms; 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors, in each case on the London Banking 
Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant 
Interest Period, is equal to the SONIA in respect of the London 
Banking Day falling a number of London Banking Days prior 
to that day “i” equal to the number of Lookback Days. 
b) SONIA Compound with Observation Period Shift: 
ቌෑ൬1 + SONIA𝑖𝑖× 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 365
𝑑𝑑

--- Page 277 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
277 
with the resulting percentage being rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of London 
Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing 
the 
relevant 
London 
Banking 
Day 
in 
chronological order from (and including) the first London 
Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such day “i” up to (but excluding) the following 
London Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling a 
number of London Banking Days equal to the Observation 
Shift Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period to 
(but excluding) the date falling a number of London Banking 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of London 
Banking Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors, in each case on the London Banking 
Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to SONIA in respect of that 
day “i”. 
c) SONIA Compound with Payment Delay: 
ቌෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 365
𝑑𝑑

--- Page 278 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
278 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of 
London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological 
order from (and including) the first London Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Interest Accrual Periods” each period from (and including) 
an Interest Accrual Period End Date (or in the case of the first 
Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the next Interest Accrual Period End Date (or, 
in the case of the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity 
Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the notes prior to the 
Maturity Date, the redemption date); 
“Interest Accrual Period End Dates” shall have the meaning 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Dates” shall be the number of Business 
Days equal to the Interest Payment Delay following each 
Interest Accrual Period End Date; provided that the Interest 
Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period 
will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the 
notes prior to the Maturity Date, the redemption date; 
“Interest Payment Delay” means the number of London 
Banking Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Determination Dates” mean the Interest 
Accrual Period End Date at the end of each Interest Accrual 
Period; provided that the Interest Payment Determination Date 
with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be the 
SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i" in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such London Banking Day “i" up to (but excluding) 
the following London Banking Day (“i+1”); and 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such

--- Page 279 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
279 
authorised distributors, in each case on the London Banking 
Day immediately following such London Banking Day;  
“SONIAi” means for any London Banking Day “i" in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, is equal to SONIA in respect of that 
day “i". 
“SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is a number 
of London Banking Day(s) prior to the end of each Interest 
Period, the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
For purposes of calculating SONIA Compound with respect to 
the final Interest Accrual Period, the level of SONIA for each 
London Banking Day in the period from (and including) the 
SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date 
or the redemption date, as applicable, shall be the level of 
SONIA in respect of such SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date. 
(2) if 
SONIA 
Index 
Determination 
(“SONIA 
Index 
Determination”), is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the following provisions shall apply and the 
SONIA Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with 
the daily SONIA as the Reference Rate for the calculation of 
interest) (expressed as a percentage and rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with 
the following formula: 
൬𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆−1൰× 365
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days from (and including) 
the day in relation to which SONIA Index Start is determined 
to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SONIA Index 
End is determined;  
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“Relevant Number” means the number specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
five); 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average rate for such London Banking Day, as provided by 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as

--- Page 280 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
280 
then published on the London Banking Day immediately 
following such London Banking Day;  
“SONIA Index End” means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the SONIA Index determined in relation to the day falling the 
Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to (A) the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or (B) such 
other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due 
(but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
“SONIA Index Start” means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the SONIA Index determined in relation to the day 
falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Period; and 
“SONIA Index” means the screen rate or index for 
compounded daily SONIA rates administered by the 
administrator of the SONIA that is published or displayed by 
such administrator or other information service from time to 
time on the relevant Interest Determination Date. 
If the relevant SONIA Index is not published or displayed on 
the Relevant Screen Page by the administrator of the SONIA 
or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if 
later, by the time falling one hour after the customary or 
scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with the 
then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of 
the SONIA or of such other information service, as the case 
may be) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
SONIA Benchmark for the applicable Interest Period for which 
the SONIA Index is not available shall be determined as set 
out under Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)3.(x)(1)b) above as if SONIA 
Compound with Observation Period Shift were specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and for these purposes: 
the Observation Shift Days in respect of the applicable Interest 
Period for which the SONIA Index is not available shall be 
deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days, as if such alternative elections had been made 
in the applicable Final Terms.] 
(y) If, in respect of that London Banking Day “i-pLBD” or “i”, as 
applicable, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page (the “SONIA Screen 
Page”) or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such SONIA shall be (i) the Bank of 
England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of 
the spread of the SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five (5) 
days on which a SONIA has been published, excluding the highest 
spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of

--- Page 281 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
281 
those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more 
than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the 
Bank Rate (the “SONIA Replacement Rate”). 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of 
England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA is to be 
determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA, the 
Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably 
practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine the SONIA 
Replacement Rate for the purpose of the Notes for so long as the 
SONIA is not available or has not been published by the authorised 
distributors. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (y), if (i) the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, or (ii) the Issuer 
determines that (a) the replacement of then-current SONIA by the 
SONIA Replacement Rate or any other amendments to the terms 
of the Notes necessary to implement such replacement would 
result in an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes only) a Capital Event, or (b) could reasonably 
result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future 
Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather 
than the relevant Maturity Date, no SONIA Replacement Rate will 
be adopted by the Calculation Agent, and the SONIA Replacement 
Rate for the relevant Interest Period will be equal to the last SONIA 
available on the SONIA Screen Page as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. Notwithstanding the above, if the provisions of this 
paragraph fail to provide a means of determining the Rate of 
Interest, Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)1.(z) above shall apply and 
references to Screen Page Reference Rate shall be deemed to be 
references to SONIA Screen Page. 
4. 
Provisions specific to €STR as Reference Rate 
(x) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and €STR is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Reference Rate, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
shall be the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment 
(with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest), plus or minus (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any) in accordance with Condition 5(i) 
(Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment 
Amounts and Redemption Amounts and Rounding), all as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination 
Date, according to the formula below: 
ቌෑ൬1 +
€STR𝑖𝑖−pTBD × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 360
𝑑𝑑

--- Page 282 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
282 
with the resulting percentage being rounded if necessary to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Period, means the number of TARGET 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the 
ECB of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) 
(ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Days, the 
interest rate representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight 
borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area provided by the 
ECB as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator) 
and published on the ECB’s Website at or before 9:00 a.m. 
(Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is 
published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR 
Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised 
interest rate) on the TARGET Business Day immediately following 
such TARGET Business Day; 
“€STRi-pTBD” for any TARGET Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Interest Period, is equal to the €STR in respect of the TARGET 
Business Day falling a number of TARGET Business Days prior to 
that day “i” equal to the number of Lookback Days; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant TARGET Business Day in chronological order from 
(and including) the first TARGET Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date 
corresponding to such Interest Period; 
“Lookback Days” is as specified in the Final Terms; 
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest 
Period, means the number of calendar days from (and including) 
such TARGET Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following 
TARGET Business Day (“i+1”); 
“TARGET Business Day” or “TBD” means any day on which the 
TARGET System is opened; 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-
time Gross settlement Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) 
system which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any 
successor thereto; 
(y) If the €STR is not published the Relevant Screen Page (the “€STR 
Screen Page”) on any particular TARGET Business Day and no 
€STR Index Cessation Event has occurred, the €STR for such

--- Page 283 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
283 
TARGET Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect 
of the last TARGET Business Day for which such rate was 
published on the ECB’s Website. 
(z) If the €STR is not published on the €STR Screen Page on any 
particular TARGET Business Day and both an €STR Index 
Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
have occurred, the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Period on or after such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to 
€STR were references to the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the 
end of the first TARGET Business Day following the date on which 
the €STR Index Cessation Effective Event occurs, then the rate of 
€STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the 
Modified EDFR. 
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both 
an ECB Recommanded Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently 
occur, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Period occurring on or after that ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the 
Modified EDFR. 
Any substitution of the €STR by the ECB Recommended Rate or 
the Modified EDFR as specified above (the “€STR Replacement 
Rate”) will remain effective for the remaining term to maturity of 
the Notes. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (z), if (i) the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, or (ii) the Issuer 
determines that (a) the replacement of then-current €STR by the 
€STR Replacement Rate or any other amendments to the terms 
of the Notes necessary to implement such replacement would 
result in an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes only) a Capital Event, or (b) could reasonably 
result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future 
Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather 
than the relevant Maturity Date, no €STR Replacement Rate will 
be adopted by the Calculation Agent, and the €STR Replacement 
Rate for the relevant Interest Period will be equal to the last €STR 
available on the €STR Screen Page as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. Notwithstanding the above, if the provisions of this 
paragraph fail to provide a means of determining the Rate of 
Interest, Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)1.(z) above shall apply and

--- Page 284 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
284 
references to Screen Page Reference Rate shall be deemed to be 
references to €STR Screen Page. 
In connection with the €STR provisions above, the following 
definitions apply: 
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any 
spreads or adjustments) recommended as the replacement for 
€STR by the ECB (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or 
by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the ECB (or any 
successor 
administrator 
of 
€STR) 
for 
the 
purpose 
of 
recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be 
produced by the ECB or another administrator), as determined by 
the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the 
occurrence of one or more of the following events, as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
a. a public statement or a publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing 
that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended 
Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
b. a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the ECB recommended Rate, 
the central bank of the currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the 
ECB Recommeded Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that 
the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or 
will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” 
means, in respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended 
Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB’s Website” means the website of the ECB currently at 
www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor source officially designated 
by the ECB; 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on 
the deposit facility, which banks may use to make overnight 
deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising of the ECB and the

--- Page 285 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
285 
national central banks of those countries that have adopted the 
Euro) as published on the ECB’s Website; 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
a. if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end 
of the first TARGET Business Day following the date on which the 
€STR Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the 
daily difference between the €STR and the EDFR for each of the 
30 TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date on 
which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or 
b. if both an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date 
subsequently occur, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference 
between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of 
the 30 TARGET Business Day immediately preceding the date on 
which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event 
occurred; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
a. a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the ECB (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing 
that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide €STR; or 
b. a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor of the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the 
currency of €STR, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over 
the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, 
which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STER permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an 
€STR Index Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no 
longer provided by the ECB (or any successor administrator of 
€STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to 
the Calculation Agent; 
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus 
the EDFR Spread. 
5. 
Provisions specific to SARON as Reference Rate

--- Page 286 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
286 
 (x) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and SARON is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Reference Rate, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will 
be equal to the relevant SARON Benchmark, plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) in 
accordance with Condition 5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates 
of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The “SARON Benchmark” will be determined based on either 
SARON Compound or SAION Index Determination, as follows 
(subject to paragraph (y) below): 
(1) if SARON Compound (“SARON Compound”) is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the SARON Benchmark 
for each Interest Period shall be equal to the value of the 
SARON rates for each day during the relevant Interest Period 
(where SARON Compound with Lookback is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms to determine SARON Compound), 
Observation 
Period 
(where 
SARON 
Compound 
with 
Observation Period Shift is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms to determine SARON Compound) or Interest Accrual 
Period (where SARON Compound with Payment Delay is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms to determine SARON 
Compound). 
SARON Compound shall be calculated in accordance with one 
of the formulas referenced below: 
a) SARON Compound with Lookback: 
ቌෑ൬1 + SARON𝑖𝑖−𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥× 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 360
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Period, means the number of Zurich 
Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant Zurich Banking Day in chronological 
order from (and including) the first Zurich Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
“Lookback Days” means the number of Zurich Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 287 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
287 
“ni” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest 
Period, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such Zurich Banking Day “i” up to (but excluding) the 
following Zurich Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“SARON”, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day as provided by the 
SARON Administrator to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors, in each case on the Zurich Banking 
Day immediately following such Zurich Banking Day; 
“SARONi-xZBD” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant 
Interest Period, is equal to the SARON in respect of the Zurich 
Banking Days falling a number of Zurich Banking Days prior to 
that day “i” equal to the number of Lookback Days; and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open 
in the City of Zurich for the settlement of payments and of 
foreign exchange transactions.] 
b) SARON Compound with Observation Period Shift: 
ቌෑ൬1 + SARON𝑖𝑖× 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 360
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of Zurich 
Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant Zurich Banking Day in chronological 
order from (and including) the first Zurich Banking Day in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“ni” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such day “i” up to (but excluding) the following 
Zurich Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling a 
number of Zurich Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift 
Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period to (but 
excluding) the date falling a number of Zurich Banking Days

--- Page 288 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
288 
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of Zurich 
Banking Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SARON”, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day as provided by the 
SARON Administrator to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors, in each case on the Zurich Banking 
Day immediately following such Zurich Banking Day; 
 “SARONi” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to SARON in respect of that 
day “i”; and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open 
in the City of Zurich for the settlement of payments and of 
foreign exchange transactions. 
c) SARON Compound with Payment Delay: 
ቌෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 360
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of 
Zurich Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant Zurich Banking Day in chronological 
order from (and including) the first Zurich Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Interest Accrual Periods” each period from (and including) 
an Interest Accrual Period End Date (or in the case of the first 
Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the next Interest Accrual Period End Date (or, 
in the case of the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity 
Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the notes prior to the 
Maturity Date, the redemption date); 
“Interest Accrual Period End Dates” shall have the meaning 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 289 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
289 
“Interest Payment Dates” shall be the number of Business 
Days equal to the Interest Payment Delay following each 
Interest Accrual Period End Date; provided that the Interest 
Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period 
will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the 
notes prior to the Maturity Date, the redemption date; 
“Interest Payment Delay” means the number of Zurich 
Banking Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Determination Dates” mean the Interest 
Accrual Period End Date at the end of each Interest Accrual 
Period; provided that the Interest Payment Determination Date 
with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be the 
SARON Rate Cut-Off Date; 
“ni” for any Zurich Banking Day “i" in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such Zurich Banking Day “i" up to (but excluding) the 
following Zurich Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“SARON”, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such 
Zurich Banking Day as provided by the SARON Administrator 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors, in each case on the Zurich Banking Day 
immediately following such Zurich Banking Day; 
“SARONi” means for any Zurich Banking Day “i" in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, is equal to SARON in respect of that 
day “i";  
“SARON Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is a number 
of Zurich Banking Day(s) prior to the end of each Interest 
Period, the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
For purposes of calculating SARON Compound with respect to 
the final Interest Accrual Period, the level of SARON for each 
Zurich Banking Day in the period from (and including) the 
SARON Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date 
or the redemption date, as applicable, shall be the level of 
SARON in respect of such SARON Rate Cut-Off Date; and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open 
in the City of Zurich for the settlement of payments and of 
foreign exchange transactions.] 
(2) if 
SAION 
Index 
Determination 
(“SAION 
Index 
Determination”), is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the following provisions shall apply and the 
SARON Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to

--- Page 290 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
290 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with 
the daily SARON as the Reference Rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula: 
൬𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆−1൰× 360
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
“d”, means the number of calendar days from (and including) 
the day in relation to which SAION Index Start is determined 
to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SAION Index 
End is determined;  
“Relevant Number” means the number specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
five); 
“SARON”, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day as provided by the 
SARON Administrator to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors, in each case on the Zurich Banking 
Day immediately following such Zurich Banking Day; 
“SAION Index End” means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the SAION Index determined in relation to the day falling the 
Relevant Number of Zurich Banking Days prior to (A) the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or (B) such 
other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due 
(but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
“SAION Index Start” means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the SAION Index determined in relation to the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Zurich Banking Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Period;  
“SAION Index” means the screen rate or index for 
compounded daily SARON rates administered by the SARON 
Administrator that is published or displayed by such 
administrator or other information service from time to time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open 
in the City of Zurich for the settlement of payments and of 
foreign exchange transactions. 
If the relevant SAION Index is not published or displayed by 
the administrator of the SARON or other information service

--- Page 291 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
291 
by by 6.00 p.m. (Zurich time) (or, if later, by the time falling 
one hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication 
thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational 
procedures of the administrator of the SARON or of such other 
information service, as the case may be) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the SARON Benchmark for the 
applicable Interest Period for which the SAION Index is not 
available shall be determined as set out under Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)5.(x)(1)b) above as if SARON Compound with 
Observation Period Shift were specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, and for these purposes the Observation 
Shift Days in respect of the applicable Interest Period for 
which the SAION Index is not available shall be deemed to be 
equal to the Relevant Number of Zurich Banking Days, as if 
such alternative elections had been made in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(y) If the SARON is not published on the Relevant Screen Page (the 
“SARON Screen Page”) at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the 
relevant Zurich Banking Day and a SARON Index Cessation Event 
and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have not both 
occurred on or prior to the Relevant Screen Page Time on the 
relevant Zurich Banking Day, the SARON for such Zurich Banking 
Day shall be the rate equal to the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON 
Administrator Website for the last preceding Zurich Banking Day 
on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight was published by the 
SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website. 
(z) If the SARON is not published on the SARON Screen Page at the 
Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day 
and both a SARON Index Cessation Event and a SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred on or prior to the Relevant 
Screen Page Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day: 
a. if there is a SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within 
one Zurich Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective 
Date, the SARON Recommended Replacement Rate for such 
Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SARON Recommended 
Adjustment Spread, if any, published on such Zurich Banking Day; 
or 
b. if there is no SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within 
one Zurich Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective 
Date, the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (the “SNB Policy 
Rate”) for such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB 
Adjustment Spread, if any. 
Any substitution of the SARON by the SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate or the SNB Policy Rate as specified above (the

--- Page 292 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
292 
“SARON Replacement Rate”) will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Notes. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (z), if (i) the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, or (ii) the Issuer 
determines that (a) the replacement of then-current SARON by the 
SARON Replacement Rate or any other amendments to the terms 
of the Notes necessary to implement such replacement would 
result in an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes only) a Capital Event, or (b) could reasonably 
result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future 
Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather 
than the relevant Maturity Date, no SARON Replacement Rate will 
be adopted by the Calculation Agent, and the SARON 
Replacement Rate for the relevant Interest Period will be equal to 
the last SARON available on the SARON Screen Page as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. Notwithstanding the above, if 
the provisions of this paragraph fail to provide a means of 
determining the Rate of Interest, Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)1.(z) above 
shall apply and references to Screen Page Reference Rate shall 
be deemed to be references to SARON Screen Page. 
In connection with the SARON provisions above, the following 
definitions apply: 
“SARON Administrator” means SIX Swiss Exchange or any 
successor administrator of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; 
“SARON Administrator Website” means the website of the 
SARON Administrator; and 
“SARON Index Cessation Effective Date” means the earliest of: 
a. in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation 
Event described in clause a. of the definition thereof, the date on 
which the SARON Administrator ceases to provide the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight; 
b. in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation 
Event described in clause b.(x) of the definition thereof, the latest 
of: (i) the date of such statement or publication, (ii) the date, if any, 
specified in such statement or publication as the date on which the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight will no longer be representative, 
and (iii) if a SARON Index Cessation Event described in clause 
b.(y) of the definition thereof has occurred on or prior to either or 
both dates specified in subclauses (i) and (ii) of this clause b., the 
date as of which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer 
be used; and 
c. in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation 
Event described in clause b.(y) of the definition thereof, the date

--- Page 293 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
293 
as of which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer be 
used; 
“SARON Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events: 
a. a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the SARON Administrator, or by any competent authority, 
announcing or confirming that the SARON Administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; or 
b. a public statement or publication of information by the SARON 
Administrator or any competent authority announcing that (x) the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight is no longer representative or will 
as of a certain date no longer be representative, or (y) the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used after a certain 
date, which statement, in the case of subclause (y), is applicable 
to (but not necessarily limited to) fixed income securities and 
derivatives; 
“SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread” means, with 
respect to any SARON Recommended Replacement Rate, the 
spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or formula or 
methodology for calculating such a spread, 
a. that the SARON Recommending Body has recommended be 
applied to such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate in the 
case of fixed income securities with respect to which such SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight as the reference rate for purposes of 
determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; or 
b. if the SARON Recommending Body has not recommended such 
a spread, formula or methodology as described in clause a. above, 
to be applied to such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate 
in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable 
under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight with such SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which 
spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good 
faith and a commercially reasonable manner, and be consistent 
with industry-accepted practices for fixed income securities with 
respect to which such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate 
has replaced the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the reference 
rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest 
thereon;

--- Page 294 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
294 
“SARON Recommended Replacement Rate” means the rate 
that has been recommended as the replacement for the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight by any working group or committee in 
Switzerland organized in the same or a similar manner as the 
National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was 
founded in 2013 for purposes of, among other things, considering 
proposals to reform reference interest rates in Switzerland (any 
such working group or committee, the “SARON Recommending 
Body”); 
“SIX Swiss Exchange” means SIX Swiss Exchange AG and any 
successor thereto; and 
“SNB Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to the SNB Policy 
Rate, the spread to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) 
to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight with the SNB Policy Rate for purposes of 
determining SARON, which spread will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner, taking into account the historical median 
between the Swiss Average Rate Overnight and the SNB Policy 
Rate during the two year period ending on the date on which the 
SARON Index Cessation Event occurred (or, if more than one 
SARON Index Cessation Event has occurred, the date on which 
the first of such events occurred). 
6. 
Provisions specific to TONA as Reference Rate 
(x) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and TONA is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Reference Rate, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will 
be equal to the relevant TONA Benchmark, plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) in 
accordance with Condition 5(i) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates 
of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The “TONA Benchmark” TONA Benchmark for each Interest 
Period shall be equal  (subject to paragraph (y) below) to the value 
of the TONA rates for each day during the relevant Interest Period 
(where TONA Compound with Lookback is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms to determine TONA Compound), Observation 
Period (where TONA Compound with Observation Period Shift is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms to determine TONA 
Compound) or Interest Accrual Period (where TONA Compound 
with Payment Delay is specified in the relevant Final Terms to 
determine TONA Compound).

--- Page 295 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
295 
TONA Benchmark shall be calculated in accordance with one 
of the formulas referenced below: 
a) TONA Compound with Lookback: 
ቌෑ൬1 +
TONA𝑖𝑖−pTBD × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 365
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Period, means the number of Tokyo 
Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant Tokyo Banking Day in chronological 
order from (and including) the first Tokyo Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
“Lookback Days” means the number of Tokyo Banking Days 
specified in the Final Terms; 
“ni” for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest 
Period, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such day “i” up to (but excluding) the following 
Tokyo Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Bloomberg Screen TONA Page” means MUTKCALM 
Index; 
“Tokyo Banking Day” or “TBD” means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
Tokyo; 
“TONA”, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the trade weighted average of the overnight 
unsecured call loan rate (rounded upward, if necessary) which 
appears on the Bloomberg Screen TONA Page under the 
headline “Tokyo Overnight Average Rates” or any other 
Relevant Screen Page on the Tokyo Banking Day 
immediately following such Tokyo Banking Day;  
“TONAi-pTBD” for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” in the relevant 
Interest Period, is equal to the TONA in respect of the Tokyo 
Banking Day falling a number of Tokyo Banking Days prior to 
that day “i” equal to the number of Lookback Days. 
b) TONA Compound with Observation Period Shift:

--- Page 296 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
296 
ቌෑ൬1 + TONA𝑖𝑖× 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 365
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of Tokyo 
Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant Tokyo Banking Day in chronological 
order from (and including) the first Tokyo Banking Day in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“ni” for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such day “i” up to (but excluding) the following 
Tokyo Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling a 
number of Tokyo Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift 
Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period to (but 
excluding) the date falling a number of Tokyo Banking Days 
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of Tokyo 
Banking Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“Bloomberg Screen TONA Page” means MUTKCALM 
Index; 
“Tokyo Banking Day” or “TBD” means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
Tokyo; 
“TONA”, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the trade weighted average of the overnight 
unsecured call loan rate (rounded upward, if necessary) which 
appears on the Bloomberg Screen TONA Page under the 
headline “Tokyo Overnight Average Rates” or any other 
Relevant Screen Page on the Tokyo Banking Day 
immediately following such Tokyo Banking Day;  
“TONAi” for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to TONA in respect of that day “i”. 
c) TONA Compound with Payment Delay:

--- Page 297 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
297 
ቌෑ൬1 + 𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑖𝑖 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ× 365
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of 
Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant Tokyo Banking Day in chronological 
order from (and including) the first Tokyo Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Interest Accrual Periods” each period from (and including) 
an Interest Accrual Period End Date (or in the case of the first 
Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the next Interest Accrual Period End Date (or, 
in the case of the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity 
Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the notes prior to the 
Maturity Date, the redemption date); 
“Interest Accrual Period End Dates” shall have the meaning 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Dates” shall be the number of Business 
Days equal to the Interest Payment Delay following each 
Interest Accrual Period End Date; provided that the Interest 
Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period 
will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the 
notes prior to the Maturity Date, the redemption date; 
“Interest Payment Delay” means the number of Tokyo 
Banking Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Determination Dates” mean the Interest 
Accrual Period End Date at the end of each Interest Accrual 
Period; provided that the Interest Payment Determination 
Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be 
the TONA Rate Cut-Off Date; 
“ni” for any Tokyo Banking Day “i" in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such Tokyo Banking Day “i" up to (but excluding) 
the following Tokyo Banking Day (“i+1”);  
“Bloomberg Screen TONA Page” means MUTKCALM 
Index;

--- Page 298 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
298 
“TONA”, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the trade weighted average of the overnight 
unsecured call loan rate (rounded upward, if necessary), 
which appears on the Bloomberg Screen TONA Page under 
the headline “Tokyo Overnight Average Rates” or any other 
Relevant Screen Page on the Tokyo Banking Day 
immediately following such Tokyo Banking Day;  
“TONAi” means for any Tokyo Banking Day “i" in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, is equal to TONA in respect of that 
day “i"; and 
“TONA Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is a number 
of Tokyo Banking Day(s) prior to the end of each Interest 
Period, the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as 
applicable, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For purposes of calculating TONA Compound with respect to the 
final Interest Accrual Period, the level of TONA for each Tokyo 
Banking Day in the period from (and including) the TONA Rate 
Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the 
redemption date, as applicable, shall be the level of TONA in 
respect of such TONA Rate Cut-Off Date. 
(y) If, in respect of that Tokyo Banking Day “i-pTBD” or “i”, as 
applicable, the Calculation Agent determines that the TONA is not 
available on the Bloomberg Screen TONA Page or the Relevant 
Screen Page as applicable (the “TONA Screen Page”) or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, 
such TONA shall be (i) the Bank of Japan’s Bank Rate (the “Bank 
Rate”) prevailing at close of business on the relevant Tokyo Banking 
Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the TONA to the Bank Rate 
over the previous five (5) days on which a TONA has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of 
those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate (the “TONA Replacement 
Rate”). 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of 
Japan publishes guidance as to (i) how the TONA is to be 
determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the TONA, the 
Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably 
practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine the TONA 
Replacement Rate for the purpose of the Notes for so long as the 
TONA is not available or has not been published by the authorised 
distributors. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (y), if (i) the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, or (ii) the Issuer 
determines that (a) the replacement of then-current TONA by the

--- Page 299 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
299 
TONA Replacement Rate or any other amendments to the terms 
of the Notes necessary to implement such replacement would 
result in an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes only) a Capital Event, or (b) could reasonably 
result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future 
Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather 
than the relevant Maturity Date, no TONA Replacement Rate will 
be adopted by the Calculation Agent, and the TONA Replacement 
Rate for the relevant Interest Period will be equal to the last TONA 
available on the TONA Screen Page as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. Notwithstanding the above, if the provisions of this 
paragraph fail to provide a means of determining the Rate of 
Interest, Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)1.(z) above shall apply and 
references to Screen Page Reference Rate shall be deemed to be 
references to TONA Screen Page.] 
 (D) Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms) or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period provided however that if there is no rate 
available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may 
be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
(c) 
Interest on Fixed / Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed / Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically 
change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed 
Rate, on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Interest on Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note, the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon, is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and 
payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such 
Note specified in the relevant Final Terms. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of 
Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum

--- Page 300 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
300 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in 
Condition 6(l)(i) (Zero Coupon Notes)). 
(e) 
Interest on RMB Notes  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each RMB Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears 
interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per 
annum equal to the Rate of Interest. For the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong 
time) on each Interest Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable 
per Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. The determination of 
the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination by the Calculation 
Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error and after confirmation by the Issuer) 
be final and binding upon all parties. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to 
be notified to each of the Paying Agents and to be notified to Noteholders as soon 
as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth Business 
Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination and 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes 
become due and payable as a result of the Issuer being liquidated (see Condition 
10 (Events of Default)), the accrued interest per Specified Denomination shall 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with this provision but no publication of the amount of interest payable 
per Specified Denomination so calculated need be made.  
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest 
to the Specified Denomination, multiplying such product by the actual number of 
days in the relevant Interest Period or, as applicable, other period concerned and 
dividing it by 365, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Renminbi sub-
unit, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. 
(f) 
Interest on CMS Linked Notes 
This Condition 5(f) is applicable only if the relevant Final Terms specify that Notes 
are CMS linked Notes (the “CMS Linked Notes”). 
(i) 
The Rate of Interest in respect of CMS Linked Notes for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined by applying one of the following formulae, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and the provisions below relating to

--- Page 301 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
301 
“Screen Rate Determination” or “ISDA Determination” shall apply, depending 
upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A)  Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor x [CMS Rate1 – CMS Rate2]; or 
(B)  Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor x [CMS Rate + Margin] 
where: 
“CMS Rate”, “CMS Rate1“ and “CMS Rate2” means the relevant Reference 
Rate(s) or Floating Rate Option(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Gearing Factor” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
 (ii) 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the CMS Rate, the CMS Rate1 and the CMS Rate2 are 
chosen among the following Reference Rates: 
(A) “EUR CMS 2y” means EUR 2 YR CMS which is the mid 2 year Euro 
Swap Rate quoted on an annual 30/360 basis versus 6 month EURIBOR 
(Semi-annually, Act/360), as published on Reuters Page ISDAFIX2, 
Euribor basis, fixed at 11:00AM C.E.T on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date (the “Screen Page Reference Rate”). 
PROVIDED THAT if EUR CMS 2y does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page at such Relevant Time on such Interest Determination 
Date, EUR CMS 2y for such Interest Determination Date will be the 
"Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 2-year Designated Maturity" at such 
Relevant Time on such Interest Determination Date. 
“Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 2-year Designated Maturity” 
means, in respect of an Interest Determination Date, the percentage rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the quotations for 
the 2-year mid-market semi-annual swap rate provided by the Reference 
Banks to the Calculation Agent at approximately the Relevant Time on 
such Interest Determination Date. If at least three quotations are 
provided to the Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be the 
arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, 
in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, 
in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If fewer than three quotations 
are provided to the Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
“2-year mid-market semi-annual swap rate” means, in respect of an 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg 
(calculated on a 30E/360 day count basis) of a fixed-for-floating EUR 
interest rate swap transaction which transaction: (A) has a designated 
maturity of 2 years commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period; (B) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer 
of good credit in the swap market; and (C) the floating leg of which is 
based on the 6-month EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA

--- Page 302 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
302 
Definitions, where references to Reset Date refers to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and where references to Designated Maturity 
refers to 6 months) rate (calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis). 
(B) “EUR CMS 5y” means EUR 5 YR CMS which is the mid 5-year Euro 
Swap Rate quoted on an annual 30/360 basis versus 6 month EURIBOR 
(Semi-annually, Act/360), as published on Reuters Page ISDAFIX2, 
Euribor basis, fixed at 11:00AM C.E.T on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. 
PROVIDED THAT if EUR CMS 5y does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page at such Relevant Time on such Interest Determination 
Date, EUR CMS 5y for such Interest Determination Date will be the 
"Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 5-year Designated Maturity" at such 
Relevant Time on such Interest Determination Date. 
“Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 5-year Designated Maturity” 
means, in respect of an Interest Determination Date, the percentage rate 
determined on the basis of the quotations for the 5-year mid-market 
semi-annual swap rate provided by the Reference Banks to the 
Calculation Agent at approximately the Relevant Time on such Interest 
Determination Date. If at least three quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be the arithmetic mean of the 
quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the lowest). If fewer than three quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
“5-year mid-market semi-annual swap rate” means, in respect of an 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg 
(calculated on a 30E/360 day count basis) of a fixed-for-floating EUR 
interest rate swap transaction which transaction: (A) has a designated 
maturity of 5 years commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period; (B) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer 
of good credit in the swap market; and (C) the floating leg of which is 
based on the 6-month EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions, where references to Reset Date refers to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and where references to Designated Maturity 
refers to 6 months) rate (calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis). 
(C) “EUR CMS 10y” means EUR 10 YR CMS which is the mid 10-year Euro 
Swap Rate quoted on an annual 30/360 basis versus 6 month EURIBOR 
(Semi-annually, Act/360), as published on Reuters Page ISDAFIX2, 
Euribor basis, fixed at 11:00AM C.E.T on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. 
PROVIDED THAT if EUR CMS 10y does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page at such Relevant Time on such Interest Determination

--- Page 303 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
303 
Date, EUR CMS 10y for such Interest Determination Date will be the 
"Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 10-year Designated Maturity" at such 
Relevant Time on such Interest Determination Date. 
“Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 10-year Designated Maturity” 
means, in respect of an Interest Determination Date, the percentage rate 
determined on the basis of the quotations for the 10-year mid-market 
semi-annual swap rate provided by the Reference Banks to the 
Calculation Agent at approximately the Relevant Time on such Interest 
Determination Date. If at least three quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be the arithmetic mean of the 
quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the lowest). If fewer than three quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
“10-year mid-market semi-annual swap rate” means, in respect of an 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg 
(calculated on a 30E/360 day count basis) of a fixed-for-floating EUR 
interest rate swap transaction which transaction: (A) has a designated 
maturity of 10 years commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period; (B) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer 
of good credit in the swap market; and (C) the floating leg of which is 
based on the 6-month EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions, where references to Reset Date refers to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and where references to Designated Maturity 
refers to 6 months) rate (calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis). 
(D) “EUR CMS 20y” means EUR 20 YR CMS which is the mid 20-year Euro 
Swap Rate quoted on an annual 30/360 basis versus 6 month EURIBOR 
(Semi-annually, Act/360), as published on Reuters Page ISDAFIX2, 
Euribor basis, fixed at 11:00AM C.E.T on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. 
PROVIDED THAT if EUR CMS 20y does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page at such Relevant Time on such Interest Determination 
Date, EUR CMS 20y for such Interest Determination Date will be the 
"Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 20-year Designated Maturity" at such 
Relevant Time on such Interest Determination Date. 
“Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 20-year Designated Maturity” 
means, in respect of an Interest Determination Date, the percentage rate 
determined on the basis of the quotations for the 20-year mid-market 
semi-annual swap rate provided by the Reference Banks to the 
Calculation Agent at approximately the Relevant Time on such Interest 
Determination Date. If at least three quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be the arithmetic mean of the

--- Page 304 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
304 
quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the lowest). If fewer than three quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
“20-year mid-market semi-annual swap rate” means, in respect of an 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg 
(calculated on a 30E/360 day count basis) of a fixed-for-floating EUR 
interest rate swap transaction which transaction: (A) has a designated 
maturity of 20 years commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period; (B) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer 
of good credit in the swap market; and (C) the floating leg of which is 
based on the 6-month EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions, where references to Reset Date refers to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and where references to Designated Maturity 
refers to 6 months) rate (calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis). 
(E) “EUR CMS 30y” means EUR 30 YR CMS which is the mid 30-year Euro 
Swap Rate quoted on an annual 30/360 basis versus 6 month EURIBOR 
(Semi-annually, Act/360), as published on Reuters Page ISDAFIX2, 
Euribor basis, fixed at 11:00AM C.E.T on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. 
PROVIDED THAT if EUR CMS 30y does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page at such Relevant Time on such Interest Determination 
Date, EUR CMS 30y for such Interest Determination Date will be the 
"Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 30-year Designated Maturity" at such 
Relevant Time on such Interest Determination Date. 
“Reference Banks' Swap Rate with 30-year Designated Maturity” 
means, in respect of an Interest Determination Date, the percentage rate 
determined on the basis of the quotations for the 30-year mid-market 
semi-annual swap rate provided by the Reference Banks to the 
Calculation Agent at approximately the Relevant Time on such Interest 
Determination Date. If at least three quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be the arithmetic mean of the 
quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the lowest). If fewer than three quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the percentage rate will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
“30-year mid-market semi-annual swap rate” means, in respect of an 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg 
(calculated on a 30E/360 day count basis) of a fixed-for-floating EUR

--- Page 305 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
305 
interest rate swap transaction which transaction: (A) has a designated 
maturity of 30 years commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period; (B) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer 
of good credit in the swap market; and (C) the floating leg of which is 
based on the 6-month EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions, where references to Reset Date refers to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and where references to Designated Maturity 
refers to 6 months) rate (calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii): 
“Reference Banks” means five leading swap dealers in the interbank 
market as selected by the Calculation Agent; and 
“Relevant Time” means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time). 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest which is 
applicable with respect to one or more Interest Periods may be 
conditional upon a specified CMS Rate being equal to or greater than a 
pre-determined rate on the relevant Interest Determination Date. Any 
such rate shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms as “Conditional 
Rate of Interest”. 
(iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if at any time prior to, on, or 
following any Interest Payment Date, (1) a Benchmark Event occurs 
in relation to any of the Reference Rates referred to in sub-paragraph 
(ii) above; or (2) the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines that 
the Screen Page Reference Rate has been discontinued, the Issuer 
will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the 
Relevant Time of the next Interest Payment Date) appoint an agent 
(the “CMS Rate Determination Agent”), which will determine, acting 
in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner, and as an 
independent expert in the performance of its duties, whether a 
substitute or successor rate for purposes of determining the 
Reference Rate on each Interest Payment Date falling on such date 
or thereafter that is substantially comparable to the Screen Page 
Reference Rate is available. If the CMS Rate Determination Agent 
determines that there is an industry accepted successor rate, the 
CMS Rate Determination Agent will use such successor rate to 
determine the Reference Rate. For these purposes, a rate that is 
formally recommended as a successor EUR benchmark rate by a 
relevant central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority, a group of 
the aforesaid central banks, monetary authority or supervisory 
authority, or any similar institution (including any committee or 
working group thereof) or any supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of EURIBOR will be 
considered an industry accepted successor rate. It is further specified 
that if there is two or more industry successor rates recommended by 
the above-mentionned authority, institution or working groups, the 
CMS Rate Determination Agent shall determine which of those

--- Page 306 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
306 
successor rates is most appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, the 
particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
If the CMS Rate Determination Agent has determined a substitute or 
successor rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, the 
“Replacement CMS Rate”), for the purposes of determining the 
Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on or after 
such determination but not earlier than the actual discontinuation of 
the Screen Page Reference Rate (a) the CMS Rate Determination 
Agent will also determine changes (if any) to the business day 
convention, the definition of business day, the interest determination 
date, the day count fraction, and any method for obtaining the 
Replacement CMS Rate, including any adjustment factor needed to 
make such Replacement CMS Rate comparable to the Screen Page 
Reference Rate, in each case in a manner that is consistent with 
industry-accepted practices for such Replacement CMS Rates 
(including any Adjustment Spread); (b) references to the Reference 
Rate in the Conditions and the Final Terms applicable to the relevant 
Notes will be deemed to be references to the relevant Replacement 
CMS Rate, including any alternative method for determining such rate 
as described in (a) above; (c) the CMS Rate Determination Agent will 
notify the Issuer of the foregoing as soon as reasonably practicable; 
and (d) the Issuer will give a notice as soon as reasonably practicable 
to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices)) and 
the relevant Paying Agent specifying the Replacement CMS Rate, as 
well as the details described in (a) above.  
The determination of the Replacement CMS Rate and the other 
matters referred to above by the CMS Rate Determination Agent will 
(in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent, the relevant Paying Agent 
and the Noteholders, unless the CMS Rate Determination Agent, 
acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner, and as an 
independent expert in the performance of its duties, considers at a 
later date that the Replacement CMS Rate is no longer substantially 
comparable to the Reference Rate or does not constitute an industry 
accepted successor rate, in which case the Issuer shall re-appoint a 
CMS Rate Determination Agent (which may or may not be the same 
entity as the original CMS Rate Determination Agent) for the purpose 
of confirming the Replacement CMS Rate or determining a substitute 
Replacement CMS Rate in an identical manner as described in this 
paragraph (iii). If the CMS Rate Determination Agent is unable to or 
otherwise does not determine a substitute Replacement CMS Rate, 
then the Replacement CMS Rate will remain unchanged.  
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have 
accepted the Replacement CMS Rate or such other changes 
pursuant to this paragraph (iii). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (iii), (a) if the 
Issuer is unable to appoint a CMS Rate Determination Agent or (b) if

--- Page 307 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
307 
the CMS Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not 
determine for any Interest Determination Date a Replacement CMS 
Rate or (c) if the Issuer determines that (x) the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Replacement CMS Rate or any other 
amendment to the terms of the Notes necessary to implement such 
replacement would result in a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or 
(in the case of Subordinated Notes only) a Capital Event or (y) could 
reasonably result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any 
future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date, no Replacement CMS Rate or 
any other successor, replacement or alternative benchmark or screen 
rate will be adopted and the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest 
Period will be equal to the last Reference Rate available on the 
relevant Screen Page Reference Rate as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
The CMS Rate Determination Agent may be (a) a leading bank or a 
broker-dealer in the principal financial center of the Specified 
Currency as appointed by the Issuer or (b) an affiliate of the Issuer.  
(iv) 
Where “ISDA Determination” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which each of the CMS Rate or the CMS Rate1 and the CMS 
Rate2, as applicable, is/are to be determined, each of the CMS Rate or the 
CMS Rate1 and the CMS Rate2 for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA 
Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (iv), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest 
Accrual Period means a rate equal to each of the CMS Rate or the CMS 
Rate1 and the CMS Rate2, as applicable, that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(x) the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(y) the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
(z) the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (iv), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and 
“Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
The relevant provisions of Condition 5 (other than 5(b)(iii) (Rate of Interest 
for Floating Rate Notes)) shall apply as though references to Floating Rate 
Notes were references to CMS Linked Notes and references to Floating Rate 
were references to each of the CMS Rate or the CMS Rate1 and the CMS 
Rate2, as applicable.

--- Page 308 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
308 
(g) 
Inflation Linked Notes 
This Condition 5(g) is applicable only if the relevant Final Terms specify that Notes 
are inflation linked Notes (the “Inflation Linked Notes”). 
1. 
Non-revised Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
A. Where HICP is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this 
Condition 5(g)(1.) will apply. For purposes of the Condition 5(g)(1.), 
unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meaning set out below: 
“Index” or “Index Level” means (subject as provided in Condition 
5(g)(1.)B. the non-revised Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices 
excluding tobacco or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco, expressed 
as an index and published monthly by Eurostat (the “HICP”). The first 
publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference 
Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for 
such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by applying one of the following 
formulae, as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(E) Rate of Interest = Max [Gearing Factor x (HICPm-x, / HICPm-y - 1) + 
Margin ; 0.00%]; or 
(F) Rate of Interest = Min [Max [Gearing Factor x (HICPm-x, / HICPm-y - 
1) + Margin ; 0.00%] ; Cap] 
where: 
“Gearing Factor” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
”HICPm-x” means the level of the HICP for the x number of calendar 
months preceding the month of the Interest Determination Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
”HICPm-y” means the level of the HICP for the y number of calendar 
months preceding the month of the Interest Determination Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Cap” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
 “Index Business Day” means a day on which the TARGET System is 
operating; 
“Index Determination Date” means in respect of any date for which the 
Index level is required to be determined, the fifth Index Business Day 
prior to such date; 
“Related Instrument” means an inflation-linked bond selected by the 
Calculation Agent that is a debt obligation of one of the governments 
(but not any government agency) of France or Germany and which pays 
a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the 
level of inflation in the European Monetary Union with a maturity date

--- Page 309 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
309 
which falls on (a) the same day as the Maturity Date, (b) the next longest 
maturity date after the Maturity Date if there is no such bond maturing 
on the Maturity Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity before the Maturity 
Date if no bond defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. 
The Calculation Agent will select the Related Instrument from such of 
those inflation-linked bonds issued on or before the relevant Issue Date 
and, if there is more than one such inflation-linked bond maturing on the 
same date, the Related Instrument shall be selected by the Calculation 
Agent from among those bonds. If the Relevant Instrument is redeemed, 
the Calculation Agent will select a new Related Instrument on the same 
basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the 
originally selected Related Instrument is redeemed (including any bond 
for which the redeemed originally selected Related Instrument is 
exchanged); 
“x” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“y” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
B. Changes in Circumstances Affecting the Index 
(i) Delay in publication of Index 
If the Index Level relating to any month (the “Reference Month”) 
which is required to be taken into account for the purposes of the 
determination of the Index Level for any date (the “Relevant Level”) 
has not been published or announced by the day that is five 
Business Days before the date on which a payment is due (the 
“Affected Payment Date”), the Calculation Agent shall determine a 
Substitute Index level (in place of such Relevant Level) by using the 
following methodology: 
(1)  if applicable, the Calculation Agent will take the same action to 
determine the Substitute Index Level for the Affected Payment 
Date as that taken by the Calculation Agent (or any other party 
performing the function for a calculation agent (whatever such 
party’s title)) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the 
Related Instrument; 
(2)  if (1) above does not result in a Substitute Index Level for the 
Affected Payment Date for any reason, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Substitute Index level as follows: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level / Reference 
Level) 
where: 
“Base Level” means the level of the Index (excluding any flash 
estimates) published or announced by Eurostat (or any successor 
entity which published such index) in respect of the month which is 
12 calendar months prior to the month for which the Substitute Index 
Level is being determined;

--- Page 310 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
310 
“Latest Level” means the latest level of the Index (excluding any 
flash estimates) published or announced by Eurostat (or any 
successor entity which published such index) prior to the month in 
respect of which the Substitute Index Level is Being Calculated; and 
“Reference Level” means the level of the Index (excluding any flash 
estimates) published or announced by Eurostat (or any successor 
entity which published such index) in respect of the month that is 12 
calendar months prior to the month referred to in “Latest Level” 
above. 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the 
day that is five Business Days prior to the next Interest Payment 
Date, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. The 
Substitute Index Level so determined pursuant to this Condition 5(g) 
1.B.(i) will be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
(ii) Cessation of publication 
If the Index Level has not been published or announced for two 
consecutive months or Eurostat announces that it will no longer 
continue to publish or announce the Index then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine a successor index in lieu of any previously 
applicable Index (the “Successor Index”) by using the following 
methodology: 
a. 
if at any time (other than after an Early Termination Event has 
been designated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
paragraph (e) below) a successor index has been designated 
by the Calculation Agent (or any other party performing the 
function of a calculation agent (whatever such party’s title)) 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Instrument, 
such successor index shall be designated the “Successor 
Index” for the purposes of all subsequent Interest Payment 
Dates, notwithstanding that any other Successor Index may 
previously have been determined under paragraphs (b), (c) or 
(d) below; or 
b. 
if a Successor Index has not been determined under paragraph 
(a) above (and there has been no designation of an Early 
Termination Event pursuant to paragraph (e) below), and a 
notice has been given or an announcement has been made by 
Eurostat (or any successor entity which publishes such index) 
specifying that the Index will be superseded by a replacement 
index specified by Eurostat (or any such successor), and the 
Calculation Agent determines that such replacement index is 
calculated using the same or substantially similar formula or 
method of calculation as used in the calculation of the 
previously applicable Index, such replacement index shall be 
the Index from the date that such replacement index comes 
into effect; or

--- Page 311 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
311 
c. 
if a Successor Index has not determined under paragraphs (a) 
or (b) above (and there has been no designation of an Early 
Termination Event pursuant to paragraph (e) below), the 
Calculation Agent shall ask five leading independent dealers to 
state what the replacement index for the Index should be. If 
between four and five responses are received, and of those 
four or five responses, three or more leading independent 
dealers state the same index, this index will be deemed the 
“Successor Index”. If three responses are received, and two or 
more leading independent dealers state the same index, this 
index will be deemed the “Successor Index”. If fewer than three 
responses are received, the Calculation Agent will proceed to 
paragraph (d) below; 
d. 
if no Successor Index has been determined under paragraph 
(a), (b) or (c) above on or before the fifth Index Business Day 
prior to the next Affected Payment Date the Calculation Agent 
will determine the appropriate alternative index for such 
Affected Payment Date, and such index will be deemed the 
“Successor Index”; 
e. 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate 
alternative index, the Issuer shall, in conjunction with the 
Calculation Agent, determine an appropriate alternative index. 
If the Issuer and the Calculation Agent does not reach 
agreement on an appropriate alternative index within a period 
of ten Business Days, then an Early Termination Event (an 
“Early Termination Event”) will be deemed to have occurred 
and the Issuer will redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 6(n) 
(Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes for Index Reasons). 
(iii) Rebasing of the Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Index has been or will 
be rebased at any time, the Index as so rebased (the "Rebased 
Index") will be used for the purposes of determining each relevant 
Index Level from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, that 
the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustments as are made by 
the calculation agent (or any other party performing the function of 
a calculation agent (whatever such party's title)) pursuant to the 
terms and conditions of the Related Instrument to the levels of the 
Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same 
rate of inflation as the Index before it was rebased. Any such 
rebasing shall not affect any prior payments made. 
(iv) Material Modification Prior to Interest Payment Date 
If, on or prior to the day that is five Business Days before an Interest 
Payment Date, Eurostat announces that it will make a material 
change to the Index then the Calculation Agent shall make any such 
adjustments to the Index consistent with adjustments made to the 
Related Instrument.

--- Page 312 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
312 
2. 
Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
A. Where the non-revised consumer price index excluding tobacco for all 
households in metropolitan France, as calculated and published by the 
Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (INSEE) 
("CPI") is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this 
Condition 5(g)(2.) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the 
meanings set out below only when this Condition 5(g)(2.) shall apply. 
“Index” or “Index Level” means (subject as provided in Condition 
5(g)(2.)B. the non-revised consumer price index excluding tobacco for 
all households in metropolitan France, as calculated and published by 
the INSEE, or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation 
in metropolitan France excluding tobacco, expressed as an index and 
published monthly by INSEE. The first publication or announcement of 
a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive 
and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used 
in any calculations. 
For information purposes, such Index Level appears on the Agence 
France Тrésоr Reuters page OATINFLATIONO1 or on Bloomberg 
TRESOR <GO> pages and on the website www.aft.gouv.fг. In the case 
of doubt in the interpretation of the methods used to calculate the Index 
Level, such methods shall be interpreted by reference to the procedures 
selected by the French Treasury (Тrésor) for its obligations assimilables 
du Тrésоr indexées sur l'inflation. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by applying one of the following 
formulae, as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
Rate of Interest = Max [Gearing Factor x (CPIm-x, / CPIm-y - 1) + 
Margin ; 0.00%]; or 
(B) 
Rate of Interest = Min [Max [Gearing Factor x (CPIm-x, / CPIm-y - 1) 
+ Margin ; 0.00%] ; Cap] 
where: 
‘‘Gearing Factor’’ has the meaning specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
”CPIm-x” means the level of the CPI for the x number of calendar months 
preceding the month of the Interest Determination Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
”CPIm-y” means the level of the CPI for the y number of calendar months 
preceding the month of the Interest Determination Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Cap” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Index Business Day” means a day on which the TARGET System is 
operating;

--- Page 313 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
313 
“Index Determination Date” means in respect of any date for which the 
Index level is required to be determined, the fifth Index Business Day 
prior to such date; 
“x” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“y” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
B. Events affecting the CPI 
The 
calculation 
method 
described 
below 
is 
based 
on 
the 
recommendation issued by the French Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire — www.cnofrance.org) in its July 2011 Paper 
entitled "Inflation Indexed Notes" (Obligations et autres instruments de 
taux d'intérêt en euro, Normes et usages des marchés de capitaux — 
Chapitrе II: Les obligations iпdеxéеs sur l'inflation). In the case of any 
conflict between the calculation method provided below and the 
calculation method provided by the French Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire), the calculation method provided by the 
French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire) shall 
prevail. 
If the Index is not published in a timely manner, a substitute Index (the 
"Substitute CPI Index") shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following provisions: 
If a provisional Index (indice provisoire) has already been published, 
such index shall automatically be used as the Substitute CPI Index. Such 
provisional CPI Index shall be published under the heading "indice de 
substitution". Once the definitive CPI Index is released, it shall 
automatically apply from the day following its release to all calculations 
taking place from this date. 
If no provisional CPI Index is available, a substitute index shall be 
calculated on the basis of the most recently published figure adjusted as 
set out in the following formula: 
Substitute CPI Indеxm = Index Levelm-1 x (Index Levelm-1 / Index Levelm-
13)1/12 
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes 
for the purpose of calculating the CPI Index, the two CPI Indexes which 
have been calculated on a different basis will be chained on the basis of 
the December CPI Index Level of the last year of joint publications, which 
corresponds to the CPI Index Level for March of the following year. Such 
chaining will be carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
Key = (CPI Index Level pertaining to December calculated on the new 
basis) / (CPI Index Level pertaining to December calculated on the 
previous basis) 
Such that: 
CPI Index on new basis = CPI Index on previous basis x Key

--- Page 314 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
314 
(h) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, 
on such date (in the case of Dematerialised Notes) or upon due presentation (in 
the case of Materialised Notes), payment is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at 
the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date. 
(i) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and 
Redemption Amounts and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or 
(y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall 
be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest 
for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with (b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the 
absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the 
next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate 
of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount shall be subject to 
such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. Whether or not a Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in no 
event shall the rate of interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, as 
adjusted for any applicable margin) be less than zero. 
(iii) 
Any such Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest may, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, be determined by reference to (w) one or more 
Reference Rates, (x) a multiple of one or more Reference Rates, (y) the 
mathematical difference between, or the sum of a Reference Rate and a 
Margin and/or (z) any combination of (w), (x) and (y). 
(iv) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, 
(x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven 
significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency 
amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of 
such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which 
shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means 
the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency. 
(j) 
Calculations 
The Interest Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual Period shall be 
equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the outstanding principal amount of 
such Note and the Day Count Fraction for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
unless a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is applicable to such Interest 
Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per outstanding

--- Page 315 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
315 
principal amount of such Note in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall equal 
such Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as applicable. Where any Interest 
Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest 
payable per outstanding principal amount of such Note in respect of such Interest 
Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those 
Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required 
to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction 
shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(k) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption 
Amounts and Instalment Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation 
Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or 
make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the 
Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amounts 
or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or 
calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date 
and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other 
Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are admitted to 
trading on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, such 
exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
(i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such 
time, in the case of notification to such exchange of Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment 
pursuant to Condition 5(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), the Interest Amounts 
and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes 
become due and payable as a result of the Issuer being liquidated (see Condition 
10 (Events of Default)), the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in 
respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in 
accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the 
Interest Amount so calculated need be made. 
The Calculation Agent(s) shall act in good faith as an independent expert in the 
performance of its duties as described above. The Calculation Agent(s) will have 
no responsibility for good faith errors or omissions in any calculations made or 
provided by the Calculation Agent(s). The calculations and determinations of the 
Calculation Agent(s) will be made in accordance with the Conditions having regard, 
in each case, to the relevant criteria stipulated in the Conditions, in the relevant 
Final Terms and, where relevant, on the basis of information provided to or

--- Page 316 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
316 
obtained by it as well as after such further enquiries as it deems necessary. The 
determination of rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of 
each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence 
of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(l) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), 
or the formula or the methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent, the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent 
or the CMS Rate Determination Agent, as applicable, determines and which is 
required to be applied to the substitute or successor rate to reduce or eliminate, to 
the extent rasonnably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, with the replacement rate 
and is the spread, formula or methodology which is formally recommended, or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement 
of the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, or is in customary 
market usage in the internation debt capital market for transactions which 
reference the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, or if no such 
recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the Reference 
Rate Determination Agent, the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent or the CMS 
Rate Determination Agent, as applicable, determines there is no such spread, 
formula or methodology in customary market usage, the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent, the Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent or the CMS Rate 
Determination Agent, as applicable, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and as an independent expert in the performance of its duty, 
determines to be appropriate; 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate announcing that 
it has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap 
Rate, as applicable, permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at that time, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Screen 
Page Reference Rate or the Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate); and/or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
of the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, the central bank 
for the currency of the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Reference Rate or the 
Mid-Swap Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the 
Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, which states that the administrator of 
the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, permanently or

--- Page 317 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
317 
indefinitely (provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the Screen Page Reference Rate or the Screen 
Page Mid-Swap Rate); and/or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, 
that the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable has been or 
will be prohibited from being used or that the use of the Reference Rate or 
the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences; and/or 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, that the Reference 
Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, in the opinion of the supervisor, 
is no longer representative of an underlying market; and/or 
(v) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other 
party specified in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying 
Agent to calculate any payment due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable (including, without 
limitation, under the Benchmark Regulation or the UK Benchmark 
Regulation, if applicable); and/or 
(vi) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 
35 of the Benchmark Regulation or the UK Benchmark Regulation of any 
benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish such Reference 
Rate or Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, has been adopted; 
provided that, in the case of sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii), the Benchmark Event 
shall occur on the date of the cessation of publication of the Reference Rate 
or the Mid-Swap Rate, as applicable, and, in the case of sub-paragraphs (iii), 
(iv), (v) and (vi), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the date of non-
representativeness or prohibition of use of the Reference Rate or the Mid-
Swap Rate, as applicable, and not the date of the relevant public statement. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in the principal financial center for that currency (which, in the case 
of Renminbi, shall be Hong Kong); and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a 
“TARGET Business Day”); and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centers, a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business Centers 
or, if no currency is specified, generally in each of the Business Centers; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest 
on any Note for any period of time (from (and including) the first day of such period

--- Page 318 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
318 
to (but excluding) the last day of such period) (whether or not constituting an 
Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual”, “Actual/365-FBF” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” or “Actual/365 (Fixed)-FBF” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” or “Actual/360-FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
= 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 
and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
if "30/360-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each 
Calculation Period, the fraction whose denominator is three hundred and 
sixty (360) and whose numerator is the number of days calculated as for 
30E/360-FBF, subject to the following exception: 
where the last day of the Calculation Period is the thirty-first (31st) and the 
first (1st) day is neither the thirtieth (30th) nor the thirty-first (31st), the last 
month of the Calculation Period shall be deemed to be a month of thirty-one 
(31) days,

--- Page 319 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
319 
using the same abbreviations as for 30E/360-FBF, the fraction is: 
If dd2 = 31 and dd1 ≠ (30,31) 
then: 
1 
× [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + (dd2 - dd1)] 
360  
or 
1 
× [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) - Min (dd1 , 30)]; 
360  
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
=  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
”M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D2 will be 30. 
(vii) if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
=  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 320 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
320 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
”D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day 
of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30. 
(viii) if "30E/360-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each 
Calculation Period, the fraction whose denominator is three hundred and 
sixty (360) and whose numerator is the number of days elapsed during such 
period, calculated on the basis of a year comprising twelve (12) months of 
thirty (30) days, subject to the following the exception: 
if the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of 
February, the number of days elapsed during such month shall be the actual 
number of days, 
where: 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period 
the fraction is: 
1 
× [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) - Min 
(dd1 , 30)]. 
360 
(ix) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the 
sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product 
of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the

--- Page 321 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
321 
number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year. 
(x) 
If “Actual/Actual-FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction 
whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during such period 
and whose denominator is 365 or 366 if 29 February falls within the 
Calculation Period. If the Calculation Period is of a duration of more than 1 
year, the basis shall be calculated as follows: 
(x) 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last day 
of the Calculation Period; 
(y) 
this number shall be increase by the fraction for the relevant period 
calculated as set out in the first paragraph of this definition. 
“Determination Period” means the period from (and including) a Determination 
Date in any year to (but excluding) the next Determination Date; 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date(s); 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest 
Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest 
Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period 
Date; 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per 
outstanding principal amount of the relevant Note for that Interest Accrual Period 
and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount 
or Broken Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms as being payable on the 
Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual 
Period forms part; and 
(ii) in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per outstanding 
principal amount of the relevant Note for that period calculated in accordance with 
Condition 5(j) (Calculations); 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Accrual Period or Interest Period or the interest amount in relation to RMB 
Notes, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period or Interest Period if the 
Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London 
for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period or 
Interest Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day 
falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period or Interest Period if the Specified Currency is euro; 
“Interest Payment Date” means each date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;

--- Page 322 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
322 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment 
Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date; 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise 
specified hereon; 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes, all the Notes issued other than (a) 
those that have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in 
respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys 
(including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and 
any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré), to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder 
as provided in Condition 7(a), (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur), to the account of the Noteholder as provided in 
Condition 7(a) and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the Fiscal Agent as 
provided in the Agency Agreement and remain available for payment against 
presentation and surrender of Notes, Receipts and/or Coupons, as the case may 
be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become 
prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in the 
Conditions, (e) those mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes that have 
been surrendered in exchange for replacement Notes, (f) (for the purpose only of 
determining how many Materialised Bearer Notes are outstanding and without 
prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Materialised Bearer Notes 
alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement 
Notes have been issued, and (g) any Global Note to the extent that it shall have 
been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, pursuant to 
its provisions; provided that, for the purposes of ascertaining the right to (x) attend 
and vote at any meeting of Noteholders and (y) to approve any Written Resolution, 
those Notes that are held by, or are held on behalf of, the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries and not cancelled shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be 
deemed not to be outstanding; 
“PRC” means the People’s Republic of China, and for the purpose of these 
Conditions, excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the Macau 
Special Administrative Region and Taiwan; 
 “Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect 
of the Note and that is specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
 “Redemption Amounts” means the Final Redemption Amount or the Early 
Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
 “Reference Banks” means the principal offices of four major banks in the 
Relevant Inter-Bank Market, as selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” means (included but not limited to) LIBOR, EURIBOR, SOFR or 
SONIA or any other reference rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 323 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
323 
“Relevant Inter-Bank Market” means such inter-bank market as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
 “Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part 
of a particular information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(or any successor or replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service, as may be determined, in connection with the 
determination of a Replacement Mid-Swap Rate by the Mid-Swap Rate 
Determination Agent, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner, 
and as an independent expert, or in connection with the determination of a 
Replacement Reference Rate by the Reference Rate Determination Agent, acting 
in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner, and as an independent 
expert); 
“Relevant Screen Page Time” means such time as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
“RMB Note(s)” means a Note(s) denominated in Renminbi; 
 “Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated; 
and 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System or any successor 
thereto. 
(m) Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as 
any Note is outstanding. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in 
respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall 
be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the 
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual 
Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading 
bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, 
money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation 
Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively 
involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not 
resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid.

--- Page 324 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
324 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption 
(i) 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this 
Condition 6, each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment 
Amounts (an “Instalment Note”) shall be partially redeemed on each 
Instalment Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at the related 
Instalment Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. The outstanding 
principal amount of each such Instalment Note shall be reduced by the 
Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference 
to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Instalment Note, such 
proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, 
unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused, 
in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date 
relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(ii) 
Final Redemption 
(A) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in 
this Condition 6, each Note shall be finally redeemed by the Issuer on 
the Maturity Date ((a) except for the Undated Subordinated Notes and 
the Undated Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and (b) provided that, in the 
case of Subordinated Notes, the Maturity Date shall be a day falling at 
least five (5) years after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche, and, in 
the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Maturity Date shall be a 
day falling after the first anniversary of the Issue Date of the relevant 
Tranche) at its final redemption amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, except that the Final Redemption Amount shall not be lower 
than 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes so redeemed 
(the “Final Redemption Amount”) or, in the case of an Instalment 
Note falling within paragraph (i) above, at its final Instalment Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(B) 
The Subordinated Notes may have no fixed maturity (the “Undated 
Subordinated Notes”). The Undated Subordinated Notes are undated 
perpetual obligations in respect of which there is no fixed redemption 
date. 
(C) 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes may have no fixed maturity (the 
“Undated Senior Non-Preferred Notes”). The Undated Senior Non-
Preferred Notes are undated perpetual obligations in respect of which 
there is no fixed redemption date.  
(b) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event 
If, by reason of any change in French laws or regulations or (in the case of 
Notes issued through its London branch) the laws or regulations of the UK,

--- Page 325 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
325 
or any change in the official application or interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer would, 
on the occasion of the next payment of interest due in respect of the Notes, 
not be able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts 
as specified under Condition 8 (Taxation) (a “Withholding Tax Event”), the 
Issuer may, at its option on any Interest Payment Date (if such Notes are 
Floating Rate Notes) or, at any time (if such Notes are not Floating Rate 
Notes) but subject (i) in the case of Senior Notes, to the provisions of 
Condition 6(j) (Additional conditions to redemption, purchase and 
cancellation of Senior Notes prior to Maturity Date) and (ii) in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(k) (Additional conditions 
to redemption, purchase and cancellation of Subordinated Notes prior to 
Maturity Date), and subject further to having given not more than thirty (30) 
nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days’ prior notice to the holders of such 
Notes (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of such outstanding Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6(l) 
(Early Redemption Amounts) (together with any interest accrued thereon but 
unpaid to the date set for redemption), in which case such accrued interest 
is included in the Early Redemption Amount) provided that the due date for 
redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than 
the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of 
interest without being required under Condition 8 (Taxation) to pay such 
additional amounts. 
(ii) 
Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a Gross-Up Event 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of interest in respect of the Notes be 
required by Condition 8 (Taxation) to pay any additional amounts, but would 
be prevented by French law or (in the case of Notes issued through its 
London branch) the laws or regulations of the UK from doing so (a “Gross-
Up Event”), then the Issuer may, upon prior notice to the Fiscal Agent, at its 
option on any Interest Payment Date (if such Notes are Floating Rate Notes) 
or, at any time (if such Notes are not Floating Rate Notes) but subject (i) in 
the case of Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional 
conditions to redemption, purchase and cancellation of Senior Notes prior to 
Maturity Date) and (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the provisions 
of Condition 6(k) (Additional conditions to redemption, purchase and 
cancellation of Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date), and subject 
further to having given not more than thirty (30) nor less than seven (7) 
calendar days’ prior notice to the holders of such Notes (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), redeem all, but 
not some only, of such outstanding Notes then outstanding at their Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6(l) (Early 
Redemption Amounts) (together with any interest accrued thereon (but 
unpaid) to the date set for redemption) on the latest practicable date on which 
the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in 
respect of such Notes, provided that if such notice would expire after such 
latest practicable date the date for redemption pursuant to such notice of

--- Page 326 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
326 
holders of such Notes shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable date on 
which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and 
payable in respect of such Notes and (ii) fourteen (14) calendar days after 
giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid. 
(iii) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Deductibility Event with respect 
to Subordinated Notes 
If the Notes are Subordinated Notes and if by reason of any change in French 
laws or regulations or (in the case of Subordinated Notes issued through its 
London branch) the laws or regulations of the UK, or any change in the official 
application or interpretation of such laws or regulations, in each case 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the tax regime of any payments 
of interest under such Subordinated Notes is modified and such modification 
results in the part of the interest payable by the Issuer under such 
Subordinated Notes that is tax-deductible being reduced (a “Tax 
Deductibility Event”), the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 
6(k) (Additional conditions to redemption, purchase and cancellation of 
Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date), at its option, at any time (in the 
case of Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) but subject to having given not 
more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days’ notice to holders 
of such Subordinated Notes (which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of such 
outstanding Subordinated Notes at their Early Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption Amounts) 
(together with any interest accrued thereon but unpaid to the date set for 
redemption), provided that the due date for redemption of which notice 
hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date 
on which the Issuer could make such payment of interest not being impacted 
by the reduction in tax deductibility giving rise to the Tax Deductibility Event.  
(c) 
Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification 
Event 
(i) 
If “MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event Call Option” is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, then upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject (i) in the case 
of Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional conditions to 
redemption, purchase and cancellation of Senior Notes prior to Maturity 
Date) and (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the provisions of 
Condition 6(k) (Additional conditions to redemption, purchase and 
cancellation of Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date), at any time and 
subject to having given not more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) 
calendar days’ prior notice to the holders of such Notes in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but 
not some only) of the outstanding Notes at their Early Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption Amounts) 
(together with any interest accrued thereon but unpaid to the date set for 
redemption).

--- Page 327 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
327 
(ii) 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event 
Call Option will be permitted prior to five (5) years from the Issue Date unless 
a Capital Event also occurs. 
“Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to (i) MREL and (ii) the principles 
set forth in the FSB TLAC Term Sheet or any successor principles. If there are 
separate laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to 
the principles described in (i) and (ii), then “Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations” 
means all such regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies (including, 
without limitation, the BRRD II and the CRD V). 
“FSB TLAC Term Sheet” means the Total Loss Absorbing Capacity term sheet 
set forth in the document dated 9 November 2015 published by the Financial 
Stability Board, entitled “Principles on Loss absorbing and Recapitalisation 
Capacity of G SIBs in Resolution”, as amended from time to time. 
“MREL” refers to the “minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities” 
for banking institutions under the BRRD, set in accordance with Article 45 of the 
BRRD (as transposed in Article L.613-44 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier), Article 12 of the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation and 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2016/1450 of 23 May 2016 (as may 
be amended from time to time), or any successor requirement under the Applicable 
MREL/TLAC Regulations and/or the Applicable Banking Regulation, and in 
particular the BRRD Revision (or any provision of French law implementing the 
BRRD Revision) and/or the CRR II Regulation. 
“MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event” means:  
a) 
with respect to Senior Preferred Notes, a change in the classification of the 
Senior Preferred Notes under the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations that 
would be likely to result in the full or partial disqualification of the Senior 
Preferred Notes as MREL/TLAC Eligible Instruments, except by reason of 
any quantitative limitation on the amount of liabilities that rank pari passu with 
unsubordinated liabilities that cannot count towards the MREL and the TLAC 
of the Issuer in each case in accordance with the Applicable MREL/TLAC 
Regulations; 
b) 
with respect to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, a change in the classification of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes under the Applicable MREL/TLAC 
Regulations that would be likely to result in the full or partial disqualification 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL/TLAC Eligible Instruments 
without any quantum limitation applicable to such Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes;  
c) 
with respect to Subordinated Notes, a change in the classification of the 
Subordinated Notes under the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations that 
would be likely to result in the full or partial disqualification of the 
Subordinated Notes as MREL/TLAC Eligible Instruments;  
in each case, except where such non-qualification was reasonably foreseeable at 
the Issue Date or is due to the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than 
any period prescribed by the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations or, with respect

--- Page 328 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
328 
to Senior Preferred Notes only, is due to the Senior Preferred Notes not meeting 
any requirements in relation to their ranking in insolvency.    
“MREL/TLAC Eligible Instrument” means an instrument that is eligible to be 
counted towards the MREL and the TLAC of the Issuer, in each case in accordance 
with the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations, and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
irrespective of the quantum limitation that may be applicable to certain types of 
instruments by the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations. 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the ACPR, the Single Resolution Board 
established pursuant to the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation and/or any 
other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of the Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers from time to time (including the Council of the European 
Union and the European Commission when acting pursuant to Article 18 of the 
Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation). 
(d) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to 
Subordinated Notes  
If the Notes are Subordinated Notes, upon the occurrence of a Capital Event, the 
Issuer may, at its option, but subject to the provisions of Condition 6(k) (Additional 
conditions to redemption, purchase and cancellation of Subordinated Notes prior 
to Maturity Date), at any time, subject to having given not more than thirty (30) nor 
less than fifteen (15) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some 
only) of such outstanding Subordinated Notes at their Early Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption Amounts) 
(together with any interest accrued thereon but unpaid to the date set for 
redemption). 
“Capital Event” means a change in the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes that was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date that 
would be likely to result in the full or partial disqualification of the Subordinated 
Notes from Tier 2 Capital. 
“Tier 2 Capital” means capital which is treated as a constituent of tier 2 under 
Applicable Banking Regulations from time to time for the purposes of the Issuer. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer  
(i) 
If a Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, at its option, but subject (i) in the case of Senior Notes, to the 
provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional conditions to redemption, purchase 
and cancellation of Senior Notes prior to Maturity Date) and (ii) in the case 
of Subordinated Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(k) (Additional 
conditions to redemption, purchase and cancellation of Subordinated Notes 
prior to Maturity Date), on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty 
(30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice to the holders of such Note in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), (or such other notice period as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem all or, if so provided, some 
of, the outstanding Notes on any Optional Redemption Date as specified in

--- Page 329 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
329 
the relevant Final Terms. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6(m) 
(Optional Redemption Amounts) (together with interest accrued thereon but 
unpaid to the date fixed for redemption). Any such redemption or exercise 
must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on 
the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Materialised Notes, the notice to the 
holders shall also contain the serial numbers of the Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place 
and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, 
taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption 
may be effected, at the option of the Issuer, either (i) by reducing the nominal 
amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount redeemed or (ii) by redeeming in full some only 
of such Dematerialised Notes and, in such latter case, the choice between 
those Dematerialised Notes that will be fully redeemed and those 
Dematerialised Notes of any Series that will not be redeemed shall be made 
in accordance with Article R.213-16 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, subject to compliance with any other applicable laws and 
requirements of a Regulated Market or any other stock exchange on which 
the Notes are listed (as the case may be).  
In respect of any Note, any notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 6(e) shall be void and of no effect in relation to that Note in the 
event that, prior to the giving of such notice by the Issuer, the relevant 
Noteholder had already delivered an Exercise Notice in relation to that Note 
in accordance with Condition 6(g) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
with respect to Senior Notes). 
(ii) 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no Call Option will be permitted prior to 
five (5) years from the Issue Date.  
(f) 
Clean-up Redemption Option 
(i) 
If a Clean-up Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, and if 80 per cent. or any higher percentage specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-up Percentage”) of the initial aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes (which for the avoidance of doubt includes, any 
additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the 
first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or 
purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and, in 
each case, cancelled, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject (i) in the case 
of Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional conditions to

--- Page 330 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
330 
redemption, purchase and cancellation of Senior Notes prior to Maturity 
Date) and (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the provisions of 
Condition 6(k) (Additional conditions to redemption, purchase and 
cancellation of Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date), on giving not less 
than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice 
to the holders of such Note in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) (or 
such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
redeem the outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their Optional 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6(m) 
(Optional Redemption Amounts) (together with any interest accrued thereon 
but unpaid to the date set for redemption) on any Optional Clean-up 
Redemption Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no Clean-up Redemption Option will be 
permitted prior to five (5) years from the Issue Date. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders with respect to Senior Notes 
If the Notes are Senior Notes and if a Put Option is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Notes, 
upon the holder of such Notes giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty 
(30) calendar days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such outstanding Notes on the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms at the 
redemption amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (together with interest 
accrued thereon but unpaid to the Optional Redemption Date as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), it being specified the redemption amount shall not be lower 
than 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes so redeemed. 
To exercise such option the holder of such Notes must deposit (in the case of 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes) such Notes (together with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons, if any, relating thereto) with any 
Paying Agent at its specified office, or (in the case of Dematerialised Notes) 
transfer, or cause to be transferred, such Note to the account of the Paying Agent, 
and in all cases, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise 
Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent within the applicable notice 
period. No Note so deposited or transferred and/or option exercised may be 
withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(h) 
Purchases 
(i) 
Senior Notes 
The Issuer, may, at its option, at any time purchase Senior Notes (provided 
that, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons 
and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto, if any, or 
surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price, subject 
to applicable laws and regulations and subject to the provisions of Condition 
6(j) (Additional conditions to redemption, purchase and cancellation of Senior 
Notes prior to Maturity Date). Senior Notes so purchased by or on behalf of

--- Page 331 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
331 
the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations or cancelled in accordance with Condition 6(i) (Cancellation).  
(ii) 
Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer may, at its option (but subject to the provisions of Condition 6(k) 
(Additional conditions to redemption, purchase and cancellation of 
Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date)), purchase Subordinated Notes 
(provided that, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto, if 
any, or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price, 
subject to applicable laws and regulations. Subordinated Notes so 
purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may be held and resold in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations or cancelled in accordance 
with Condition 6(i) (Cancellation).  
Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer or any agent on its behalf shall have 
the right at all times to purchase Subordinated Notes in any other cases, as 
authorised from time to time by applicable law and subject to the prior 
permission of the Relevant Regulator, if required. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
Any Notes redeemed or purchased for cancellation by the Issuer shall forthwith, 
and any Notes otherwise purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may, but subject, 
(i) in the case of Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional 
conditions to redemption, purchase and cancellation of Senior Notes prior to 
Maturity Date) and (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the provisions of 
Condition 6(k) (Additional conditions to redemption, purchase and cancellation of 
Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date), in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations, be surrendered for cancellation. Notes will be cancelled, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Paying Agent and, in 
the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transferring, or causing to be transferred, 
such Notes to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear 
France. Any Notes so cancelled, or so surrendered or transferred for cancellation 
may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any 
such Notes shall be discharged. For so long as the Notes are admitted to trading 
on the Regulated Market of and listed on Euronext Paris, the Issuer will forthwith 
inform Euronext Paris of any such cancellation. 
(j) 
Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Senior Notes prior to 
Maturity Date 
In the case of Senior Notes, the Issuer’s options to redeem, purchase or cancel the 
Notes under Conditions 6(b)(i) (Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a 
Withholding Tax Event), 6(b)(ii) (Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a 
Gross-Up Event), 6(c) (Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event), 6(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), 
6(f) (Clean-up Redemption Option), 6(h)(i) (Senior Notes) and 6(i) (Cancellation) 
are subject (i) to such redemption, repurchase or cancellation not being prohibited

--- Page 332 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
332 
by the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations, and (ii) to the prior permission of the 
Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if required. 
(k) 
Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Subordinated Notes 
prior to Maturity Date 
The Subordinated Notes may only be redeemed, purchased or cancelled (as 
applicable) pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 6(c) 
(Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event), 
Condition 6(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect 
to Subordinated Notes), Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), 
Condition 6(f) (Clean-up Redemption Option), Condition 6(h)(ii) (Subordinated 
Notes) (subject to the provisions set out in the second paragraph) or Condition 6(i) 
(Cancellation), as the case may be, if all of the following conditions are met when 
such conditions are applicable pursuant to the below: 
(i) 
such redemption, purchase or cancellation (as applicable) is not being 
prohibited by the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations and/or the Applicable 
Banking Regulations; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if required, 
has given its prior permission to such redemption, purchase or cancellation 
(as applicable); 
In this respect, articles 77 and 78 of the CRR II Regulation, as applicable as 
at the date hereof, provides that the Relevant Regulator shall grant 
permission to a redemption or repurchase of Subordinated Notes provided 
that either of the following conditions is met, as applicable to the 
Subordinated Notes: 
a)   in any case (x) on or before such redemption or repurchase of the 
Subordinated Notes, the Issuer replaces the Subordinated Notes with 
instruments qualifying as Tier 2 Capital of an equal or higher quality on 
terms that are sustainable for the Issuer’s income capacity; or (y) the 
Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator 
that owns funds and eligibile liabilities of the Issuer would, following such 
redemption or repurchase, exceed the requirements laid down in the 
CRD V and the BRRD II by a margin that the Relevant Regulator 
considers necessary; and 
b) no redemption or repurchase of the Subordinated Notes will be permitted 
prior to five (5) years from the Issue Date except: 
A. in the case of a Capital Event, if (a) the Relevant Regulator 
considers the relevant change in the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes to be sufficiently certain, and (b) the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the 
Capital Event was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the 
issuance of the Subordinated Notes; or 
B. in the case of a Tax Event, if the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the change referred to in 
Condition 6(b)(i) (Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a

--- Page 333 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
333 
Withholding Tax Event), (6(b)(ii) (Redemption of Notes upon the 
occurrence of a Gross-Up Event) or 6(b)(iii) (Redemption upon the 
occurrence of a Tax Deductibility Event with respect to 
Subordinated Notes), as applicable, is material and was not 
reasonably foreseeable at the time of issuance of the Subordinated 
Notes; or 
C. if, on or before such redemption or repurchase of the Subordinated 
Notes, the Issuer replaces the Subordinated Notes with own funds 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for the income capacity of the Issuer and the Relevant Regulator 
has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it 
would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by 
exceptional circumstances; or 
D. if the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making 
purposes. Any purchase for market making purposes is further 
subject to the conditions set out in Article 29 of the CDR, in particular 
with respect to the predetermined amount authorised by the 
Relevant Regulator; and 
(iii) 
in the case of a redemption as a result of a Special Event, the Issuer has 
delivered a certificate to the Fiscal Agent (with copies thereof being available 
at the Fiscal Agent's specified office during its normal business hours) not 
less than five (5) Business Days prior to the date set for redemption that such 
Special Event has occurred or will occur and no more than ninety (90) days 
following the date fixed for redemption, as the case may be. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Regulator and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority to give its prior permission (if required) shall not 
constitue a default for any purpose.  
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in 
France including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, those 
regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then 
in effect, and as applied by, the Relevant Regulator. 
“Relevant Regulator” means the ECB and any successor or replacement thereto, 
or other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and 
supervision of the Issuer. 
“Special Event” means either a Tax Event or a Capital Event. 
“Tax Event” means either a Withholding Tax Event, a Gross-Up Event or a Tax 
Deductibility Event. 
(l) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
The early redemption amount payable in respect of a Note, upon redemption of 
such Note, as the case may be, pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons), Condition 6(c) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event) or Condition 6(d) (Redemption upon the

--- Page 334 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
334 
occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to Subordinated Notes) or upon it 
becoming due and payable (see Condition 10 (Events of Default)) (the “Early 
Redemption Amount”) shall be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided 
below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised 
Face Amount of any Zero Coupon Note shall be the Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
(which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate 
as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price 
of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the 
Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount 
of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such 
sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the 
Amortised Face Amount becomes due and payable were the Relevant 
Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance 
with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and 
after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls 
on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and 
payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note 
on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms together with 
any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 6(b) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 6(c) (Redemption upon 
the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event) or Condition 
6(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect 
to Subordinated Notes). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, 
it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than 
Zero Coupon Notes described in (i) above) shall be, as specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms: 
- 
the Final Redemption Amount; or 
- 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other person 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) and equal to the greater of (x) 100 
per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the 
sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of 
principal and interest on such Notes (excluding any interest accrued on

--- Page 335 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
335 
the Notes to, but excluding, the due date for redemption) discounted to 
the due date for redemption on an annual basis at the Make-Whole 
Redemption Rate plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin (the “Make-
Whole Redemption Amount”). 
Where: 
“Make-Whole Redemption Margin” means the margin as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Rate” means (i) the average of the four 
quotations given by the Reference Dealers of the mid-market annual 
yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the fourth Business Day 
preceding the due date for redemption at 11:00 a.m. (CET) (the 
“Reference Dealer Quotation”) or (ii) the Reference Screen Rate, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Make-Whole Redemption 
Rate will be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 16 of 
the section Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 
15 of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as 
applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks selected by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) which are primary European government security dealers, and 
their respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond 
issues, or such other banks or method of selection of such banks as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Screen Rate” means the screen rate as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Security” means the security as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will 
be chosen by the Calculation Agent (or such other person specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the third Business Day 
preceding the due date for redemption, quoted in writing by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices). 
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds issued 
by the same issuer as the Reference Security having an actual or 
interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes 
that would be used, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and 
the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other person specified in the relevant Final Terms) shall (in the absence 
of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.

--- Page 336 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
336 
(m) Optional Redemption Amounts 
The optional redemption amount payable in respect of a Note, upon redemption of 
such Note, as the case may be, pursuant to Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer), Condition 6(f) (Clean-up Redemption Option), Condition (h) 
(Redemption at the Option of Noteholders with respect to Senior Notes), shall be 
calculated as follows: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
The Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note shall be determined in the same manner as the Early Redemption 
Amount applicable to Zero Coupon Notes in accordance with Condition 6(l) 
(Early Redemption Amounts). 
(ii) 
Other Notes 
The Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than 
Zero Coupon Notes described in (i) above) shall be, as specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms: 
- 
the Optional Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the 
manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms, except that the Optional 
Redemption Amount shall not be lower than 100 per cent. of the principal 
amount of the Notes so redeemed; or 
- 
the Make-Whole Redemption Amount. 
(n) 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes for Index Reasons 
If the Notes are Inflation Linked Notes, if an Early Termination Event is deemed to 
have occurred, the Issuer will, upon giving not more than thirty (30) nor less than 
fifteen (15) calendar days' notice to the holders of such Notes in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the relevant Notes at their 
outstanding principal amount together with interest accrued but unpaid up to (and 
including) the date of redemption of such Notes. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré)) be made by transfer to the 
account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for 
the benefit of such Noteholders and (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur)) to an account denominated in the relevant 
currency with a Bank designated by the relevant Noteholder of such Notes. All 
payments validly made to such Account Holders or Bank will be an effective 
discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. For the purpose of this 
Condition 7(a), “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial center of the relevant 
currency (which, in the case of Renminbi, means Hong Kong) or, in the case of 
Euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System.

--- Page 337 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
337 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Notes shall, be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of 
payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and 
provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Note), 
Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as 
specified in Condition 7(f)(vi) (Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and 
Unexchanged Talons) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in 
Condition 7f)(vi) (Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and Unexchanged Talons), 
as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of 
the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency with, a bank 
in the principal financial center for that currency (which, in the case of Renminbi, 
means Hong Kong) or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to 
the TARGET System. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes are denominated 
in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer 
shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) 
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded 
by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such 
amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer.  
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations 
applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 8 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to 
an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto 
(“FATCA”). 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed 
by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. The 
Registration Agent that may be appointed in connection with any issue of 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. The Fiscal Agent and any Paying Agents, Registration 
Agent and Calculation Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume

--- Page 338 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
338 
any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or 
Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent, Registration Agent or 
Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other Fiscal Agent(s), Paying 
Agent(s), Calculation Agent(s) or Registration Agent(s), provided that the Issuer 
shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) 
where the Conditions so require, (iii) Paying Agents having specified offices in at 
least two major European cities one of which, (A) so long as the Notes are listed 
on Euronext Paris and the rules of that exchange so require, shall be Paris and (B) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any other stock exchange and the rules of such 
stock exchange so require, shall be a specified city of the country of such stock 
exchange, (iv) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange 
on which the Notes may be listed and (v) in the case of Materialised Notes, a 
Paying Agent with a specified office in an EU Member State or in the UK. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint and maintain a Paying Agent in New 
York City in respect of any Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the 
circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any change in any agent mentioned in this paragraph or any change of 
any specified office shall promptly be given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices). 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and Unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption, Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
which comprise Fixed Rate Notes shall be surrendered for payment together 
with all unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, failing which an 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in 
the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of 
such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to 
the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period 
of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether 
or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9 (Prescription)). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note 
comprising a Floating Rate Note, Dual Currency Note or Index Linked Note, 
any unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, 
any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note 
that is redeemable in instalments, all Receipts relating to such Note having 
an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them.

--- Page 339 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
339 
(v) 
Where any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative 
unmatured Coupons are to become void upon the due date for redemption 
of those Notes is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, 
and where any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note is presented for 
redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall 
be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may 
require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note is 
not a due date for payment of interest, interest accrued from the preceding 
due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the 
case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if 
appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest 
accrued on a Materialised Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date 
shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the 
relevant Materialised Note. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon 
sheet issued in respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such 
Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in 
exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further 
Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant 
to Condition 9 (Prescription)). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or, where applicable, Receipt or 
Coupon, is not a business day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until 
the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such 
postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday)  
(A) : 
(i) 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open 
for business; or  
(ii) 
In the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in the relevant Financial Centers (which 
in the case of Renminbi, means Hong Kong);  
and 
(B) : 
(i) 
in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro, where payment 
is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the 
relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be 
carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial center of the 
country of such currency (which in the case of Renminbi, means Hong 
Kong); or

--- Page 340 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
340 
(ii) 
in the case of a payment in euro, which is a TARGET Business Day. 
(i) 
Payments of U.S. Dollar Equivalent 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, if an Inconvertibility, Non-
Transferability or Illiquidity occurs or if Renminbi is otherwise not available to the 
Issuer as a result of circumstances beyond its control and such unavailability has 
been confirmed by a Renminbi Dealer, following which the Issuer is unable to 
satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of RMB 
Notes, the Issuer on giving not less than five nor more than 30-days irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, may settle any such 
payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar 
Equivalent of any such Renminbi denominated amount. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, if the relevant Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity event 
occurs or the Renminbi Dealer's decision is taken within five days before the 
relevant due date for payment then such notice shall be given as soon as 
practicable and whether on or prior to the due date for payment. In such event, 
payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes shall be made by transfer to the U.S. dollar account of the 
relevant Account Holder for the benefit of the Noteholders.  
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 
7(i) by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all Noteholders. These provisions may be 
amended or supplemented in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any 
agency or instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the 
regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong. 
“Illiquidity” means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong 
becomes illiquid, other than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-
Transferability, as determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi Dealers. 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for 
the Issuer to convert any amount due in respect of RMB Notes in the general 
Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is 
due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event 
beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible 
for the Issuer to deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an 
account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong, other than where 
such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, 
rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or

--- Page 341 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
341 
regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to 
an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“Renminbi Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of 
international repute active in the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong 
reasonably selected by the Issuer. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Agent” means the agent appointed from time to time by 
the Issuer for the determination of the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong and in New York City. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Date” means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation 
Business Days before the due date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount 
under the Conditions. 
“RMB Spot Rate” for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot CNY/U.S. 
dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with CNY in the over-the-
counter CNY exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement on the relevant due 
date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent at or around 
11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on such RMB Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable 
basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If such rate is not available, 
the RMB Rate Calculation Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at or around 
11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the RMB Rate Calculation Date as the most recently 
available CNY/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for settlement on the relevant due date 
for payment reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, 
which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page 
on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter 
Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as 
may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency 
exchange rate. 
“U.S. Dollar Equivalent” means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into U.S. 
dollars using the RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as 
calculated by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent. 
8 
Taxation 
(a) 
General provisions 
All payments in respect of the Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, those 
Notes referred to in Condition 8(b) (Additional provisions applicable to Notes 
issued through the Issuer’s London branch) and any related Receipts and Coupons 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of France, or any 
authority therein or thereof, having the power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes is required by law (“French Withholding”).

--- Page 342 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
342 
(b) 
Additional provisions applicable to Notes issued through the Issuer’s 
London branch 
In addition, all payments in respect of Notes issued through the Issuer's London 
branch and any related Receipts and Coupons shall also be made free and clear 
of, and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of the UK, or any authority therein or thereof, having the power to tax, unless 
the withholding or deduction of such taxes is required by law (“UK Withholding”). 
(c) 
Additional Amounts 
If there is French Withholding or (in the case of Notes issued through the Issuer’s 
London branch) UK Withholding on any payment of interest in respect of the Notes 
or Coupons relating thereto, the Issuer shall, to the fullest extent then permitted by 
law, pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the holders of 
Notes, or Coupons, after such deduction or withholding, will receive the same 
amounts of interest as would have been received by them had no such withholding 
or deduction been required; provided, however, that the Issuer shall not be liable 
to pay any such additional amounts in respect of any payment of interest in 
connection with any Note or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is subject to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Republic of France 
or (in the case of Notes issued through the Issuer’s London branch) the UK, 
in each case, other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Materialised Notes, presented for payment more than 30 days 
after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the Noteholder thereof 
would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting the same 
for payment, on or before the thirtieth day of such time period; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Materialised Notes presented for payment by or on behalf of a 
Noteholder who would have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction 
by presenting the relevant Note or Coupon to another Paying Agent in a 
Member State of the European Union or in the UK; or 
(iv) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed pursuant to FATCA. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon 
means the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any 
amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which 
payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the 
Noteholders of such Materialised Notes that, upon further presentation of the Note, 
and/or any Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment 
will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon, where applicable, such 
presentation. 
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any 
premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Redemption

--- Page 343 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
343 
Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase, Options), (ii) “interest” 
shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable 
pursuant to Condition 5 (Interest or Other Calculations) and (iii) “principal” and/or 
“interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable 
under this Condition. 
9 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, and, where applicable, 
the Receipts and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be 
prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) 
or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of 
them. 
10 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Optional Events of Default in respect of Senior Preferred Notes 
With respect to Senior Preferred Notes, if any of the following events (each, an 
“Event of Default” and together, the “Events of Default”) (provided that one or 
more of such Events of Default are specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms), occurs and is continuing, (i) if the relevant Final Terms specifies either 
“Full Masse” or “Contractual Masse”, the Representative upon request of any 
holder of such Senior Preferred Notes or (ii) if the relevant Final Terms specifies 
“No Masse”, any holder of such Senior Preferred Notes, may give written notice to 
the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Senior Preferred Notes are 
immediately repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Senior 
Preferred Notes determined in accordance with Condition 6(c) (Early Redemption), 
together in both cases with accrued but unpaid interest thereon (if any) to the date 
of payment, shall become immediately due and payable, unless such Event of 
Default shall have been remedied prior to the receipt of such notice by the Fiscal 
Agent: 
(i)  Non-Payment 
Default is made for more than thirty (30) calendar days (in the case of interest) 
or twenty (20) calendar days (in the case of principal) in the payment on the 
due date of interest or principal in respect of such Senior Preferred Notes; or 
(ii)  Breach of Other Obligations 
Any obligation of the Issuer relating to such Senior Preferred Notes is not 
fulfilled within a period of sixty (60) calendar days following the date on which 
a written notification requiring the same to be remedied shall have been given 
to the Fiscal Agent by any holder of such Senior Preferred Notes; or 
(iii)  Insolvency 
The Issuer applies for or is subject to (i) a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights generally or (ii) a 
judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the

--- Page 344 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
344 
Issuer or (iii) the Issuer is subject to similar proceedings, except in the case of 
a disposal, merger or other reorganisation in which all of or substantially all of 
the Issuer’s assets are transferred to a French legal entity which 
simultaneously assumes all of the Issuer’s debt and liabilities including the 
Senior Preferred Notes and whose main purpose is the continuation of, and 
which effectively continues, the Issuer’s business. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Events of Default are not applicable, 
there will be no events of default under the Senior Preferred Notes which would 
lead to an acceleration of such Notes if certain events occur. However, if any 
judgment were issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer 
or if the Issuer were liquidated for any other reason, then the Senior Preferred 
Notes would become immediately due and payable. 
(b) 
No Events of Default in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes 
There are no events of default under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes which would lead to an acceleration of such Notes if certain 
events occur. 
However, if any judgment were issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer were liquidated for any other reason, then 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes would become 
immediately due and payable. 
11 
Representation of Noteholders 
In respect of the representation of the Noteholders, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
Full Masse 
If the relevant Final Terms specify “Full Masse”, the Noteholders will, in respect of 
all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their 
common interests in a masse (in each case, the “Masse”) which will be governed 
by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 and seq. of the French Code de commerce 
as completed by the below provisions of this Condition 11(a). 
(i) Legal Personality  
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
representative (the “Representative”) and in part through collective decisions 
of the Noteholders (“Collective Decisions”).  
(ii) Representative of the Masse  
Pursuant to Article L.228-51 of the French Code de commerce and unless 
otherwise provided for in the relevant Final Terms, the Representative 
appointed in respect of each Series of Notes is F&S Financial Services, 8 rue 
du Mont Thabor, 75001 Paris, France (the “Primary Appointed 
Representative”) and the alternative representative is Aether Financial 
Services, 36 rue de Monceau, 75008 Paris, France (the “Alternate Appointed

--- Page 345 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
345 
Representative” and, together with the Primary Appointed Representative, 
the “Appointed Representatives”). 
The remuneration of the Primary Appointed Representative or, as the case 
may be, of the Alternate Appointed Representative will be equal to EUR 400 
per year (excluding taxes) in respect of each Series of Notes.  
In the event that the Final Terms provide for the appointment of a 
Representative other than the Appointed Representatives, such Final Terms 
will set out the remuneration to which the Representative is entitled. 
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of 
Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such 
Series.   
In the event of impediment, incapacity (for any reason whatsoever), 
liquidation, dissolution, death, retirement or revocation of the appointment of 
the Primary Appointed Representative, such Representative will be replaced 
by the Alternate Appointed Representative. The Alternate Appointed 
Representative will be entitled to the portion of the aforesaid remuneration 
corresponding to the remaining period of his appointment. In the event of 
impediment, incapacity (for any reason whatsoever), liquidation, dissolution, 
death, retirement or revocation of the appointment of the Alternate Appointed 
Representative, another will be appointed by a Collective Decision. 
(iii) Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the “General 
Meeting”) or by way of a resolution in writing (the “Written Resolution”).  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the 
right of each holder of a Dematerialised Note to participate in Collective 
Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Account 
Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second 
business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
(x) 
General Meetings  
In accordance with Articles L.228-59 and R.228-67 of the French Code 
de commerce, notice of date, time, place and agenda of any General 
Meeting will be published as provided under Condition 15 (Notices) not 
less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of such General 
Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days 
prior to the date of the General Meeting in the case of a second 
convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in 
person, by proxy, by correspondence and, in accordance with Article 
L.228-61 of the French Code de commerce, in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes only, by videoconference or by any other means 
of telecommunication allowing the identification of participating 
Noteholders, as provided mutatis mutandis by Article R.225-97 of the 
French Code de commerce.

--- Page 346 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
346 
(y) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent  
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in 
respect of any Series of Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be 
entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a 
resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject 
to the following sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one 
document or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on 
behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L.228-46-
1 and R.225-97 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written 
Resolution may also be given by way of electronic communication 
allowing the identification of Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of 
Electronic Consent) will be published as provided under Condition 15 
(Notices) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date fixed 
for the passing of such Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution 
Date”). Notices seeking the approval of a Written Resolution will contain 
the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the 
Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such 
Written Resolution.  
For the purpose hereof, a “Written Resolution” means a resolution in 
writing signed or approved by or on behalf of Noteholders (including by 
Electronic Consent) representing not less than 75 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding. 
(iv) Publication of decisions 
Decisions relating to General Meetings, Written Resolutions and decisions to 
be published pursuant to Articles R.228-61, R.228-79, R.228-80 and R.236-
11 of the French Code de commerce will be published in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Condition 15 (Notices). 
(b) 
Contractual Masse 
In respect of Notes with an initial denomination of at least €100,000 or its equivalent 
in other currencies at the time of the issue or, with respect of Notes issued outside 
of France for the purpose of Article L.228-90 of the French Code de commerce 
and, if the relevant Final Terms specify “Contractual Masse”, the Noteholders will, 
in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence 
of their common interests in a Masse (in each case, the “Masse”). 
The Masse will be governed by the applicable provisions of the French Code de 
Commerce, in force from time to time with the exception of Articles L.228-48, 
L.228-65 I 4°, L.228-65 II, L.228-71, R.228-63, R.228-69 and R.228-72, and be 
subject to the following provisions: 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
representative (a “Representative”) and in part through collective decisions

--- Page 347 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
347 
of the Noteholders as further described in Condition 11(b)(iv) (“Collective 
Decisions”). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall 
exercise the common rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future 
may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
(ii) 
Representative of the Masse  
Pursuant to Article L.228-51 of the French Code de commerce and unless 
otherwise provided for in the relevant Final Terms, the Primary Appointed 
Representative in respect of each Series of Notes is F&S Financial Services, 
8 rue du Mont Thabor, 75001 Paris, France and the Alternative Appointed 
Representative is Aether Financial Services, 36 rue de Monceau, 75008 
Paris, France. 
The remuneration of the Primary Appointed Representative or, as the case 
may be, of the Alternate Appointed Representative will be equal to EUR 400 
per year (excluding taxes) in respect of each Series of Notes. 
In the event that the Final Terms provide for the appointment of a 
Representative other than the Appointed Representatives, such Final Terms 
will set out the remuneration to which the Representative is entitled. 
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of 
Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such 
Series.   
In the event of impediment, incapacity (for any reason whatsoever), 
liquidation, dissolution, death, retirement or revocation of the appointment of 
the Primary Appointed Representative, such Representative will be replaced 
by the Alternate Appointed Representative. The Alternate Appointed 
Representative will be entitled to the portion of the aforesaid remuneration 
corresponding to the remaining period of his appointment. In the event of 
impediment, incapacity (for any reason whatsoever), liquidation, dissolution, 
death, retirement or revocation of the appointment of the Alternate Appointed 
Representative, another will be appointed by a Collective Decision.  
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and 
addresses of the Representatives at the head office of the Issuer and the 
specified offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(iii) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall, in the absence of any Collective Decision to the 
contrary, have the power to take all acts of management necessary in order 
to defend the common interests of the Noteholders. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be 
brought by or against the Representative. 
The Representative may not interfere in the management of the affairs of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 348 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
348 
(iv) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the “General 
Meeting”) or by way of a resolution in writing (the “Written Resolution”).  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the 
right of each holder of Dematerialised Note to participate in Collective 
Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant 
Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the 
second business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the 
relevant Collective Decision. 
(x) General Meetings  
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation either by 
the Board of Directors of the Issuer, or by the legal representative of the 
Issuer or by the Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding 
together at least one-thirtieth of the principal amount of the Notes 
outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a 
demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If such General 
Meeting has not been convened within two months after such demand, 
the Noteholders may commission one of their members to petition a 
competent court in Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call 
the General Meeting. 
In accordance with Article L.228-59 and R.228-67 of the French Code 
de commerce notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General 
Meeting will be published as provided under Condition 15 (Notices) not 
less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General 
Meeting for a first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days 
prior to the date of the General Meeting in the case of a second 
convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in 
person or by proxy, correspondence, and, in accordance with Article 
L.228-61 of the French Code de commerce, in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes only, by videoconference or by any other means 
of telecommunication allowing the identification of participating 
Noteholders, as provided mutatis mutandis by Article R.225-97 of the 
French Code de commerce. Each Note carries the right to one vote or, 
in the case of Notes issued with more than one Specified Denomination, 
one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified 
Denomination comprised in the principal amount of the Specified 
Denomination of such Note. 
Powers of the General Meetings 
The General Meeting is empowered to deliberate on the dismissal and 
replacement of the Representative and the alternate Representative and 
also may act with respect to any other matter that relates to the common 
rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue with 
respect to the Notes, including authorising the Representative to act at 
law as plaintiff or defendant.

--- Page 349 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
349 
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to 
the modification of the Conditions as well as any proposal, whether for 
arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in controversy or which were 
the subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, however, that the 
General Meeting may not increase the liabilities (charges) of 
Noteholders, nor establish any unequal treatment between the 
Noteholders nor decide to convert the Notes into shares. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if 
holders of Notes present or represented hold at least one-fifth of the 
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, 
no quorum shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a 
simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending such General 
Meetings or represented thereat. 
(y) Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Condition 11(a)(iii)(y) (Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent) is 
deemed to be reproduced here. 
(v) 
Publication of decisions 
Decisions of General Meetings, Written Resolutions and decision to be 
published pursuant to Articles R.228-61, R.228-79, R.228-80 and R.236-11 
of the French Code de commerce must be published in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Condition 15 (Notices). 
(c) 
Contractual representation of Noteholders - No Masse 
In respect of Notes with an initial denomination of at least €100,000 or its equivalent 
in other currencies at the time of the issue, and if the relevant Final Terms specify 
“No Masse”, the following meeting and voting provisions shall apply and the 
following rules of interpretation shall apply:  
1) references to a “General Meeting” are to a general meeting of 
Noteholders of all Tranches of a single Series of Notes and include, 
unless the context otherwise requires, any adjourned meeting thereof; 
2) references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of one 
or several Series in respect of which a General Meeting has been, or is 
to be, called and to the Notes of one or several Series in respect of which 
a Written Resolution has been, or is to be sought, and to the holders of 
those Notes, respectively;  
3) “Resolution(s)” means a resolution on any of the matters described in 
paragraph (i) to (iii) below passed (x) at a General Meeting in 
accordance with the quorum and voting rules described in paragraph (vi) 
or (y) by a Written Resolution. 
(i) 
General  
Pursuant to Article L.213-6-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier, the 
Noteholders shall not be grouped in a “masse” having separate legal 
personality and acting in part through a representative of the Noteholders 
and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders. However,

--- Page 350 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
350 
General Meetings of Noteholders shall be governed by the following 
provisions of the French Code de commerce and be subject to the provisions 
of paragraphs (ii) to (viii) of this Condition 11(c): 
1. 
Articles L.228-46-1, L.228-57, L.228-58, L.228-59, L.228-60, L.228-60-
1, L.228-61 (with the exception of the first sentence thereof), L.228-65 I 
(with the exception of subparagraph 1° in so far as it relates to a 
modification of the corporate purpose, subparagraph 3° in so far as the 
Issuer remains the principal debtor of the Notes, and subparagraph 4°), 
L.228-66, L.228-67, L.228-68, L.228-69, L.228-71 (with the exception of 
the second sentence of the first paragraph and the second paragraph 
thereof), L.228-72, L.228-73 (with the exception of the third paragraph 
thereof) and, L.228-76, L.228-88, R.228-65, R.228-68, R.228-70 to 
R.228-76, R.228-79, R.228-80 and R.236-11 of the French Code de 
commerce relating to general meetings of Noteholders, and 
2. 
Whenever the words “de la masse”, “d’une même masse”, “par les 
représentants de la masse”, “d’une masse”, et “au représentant de la 
masse”, “de la masse intéressée”, “composant la masse”, “de la masse 
à laquelle il appartient”, “dont la masse est convoquée en assemblée”, 
or “par un représentant de la masse”, appear in the provisions of the 
French Code de commerce relating to General Meetings of Noteholders, 
they shall be deemed to be deleted. 
(ii) 
Powers of General Meetings  
The General Meeting may act with respect to any matter that relates to the 
common rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue 
with respect to the Notes.  
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder is entitled to bring a legal action 
against the Issuer for the defence of its owns interests, such a legal action 
does not require the authorisation of the General Meeting.   
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the 
modification of the Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration 
or settlement, relating to rights in controversy or which were the subject of 
judicial decisions, it being specified, however, that the General Meeting may 
not increase the liabilities (charges) of the Noteholders, nor establish any 
unequal treatment between the Noteholders, nor decide to convert Notes 
into shares.  
In accordance with Article 1984 and seq. of the French Civil Code, the 
General Meeting may appoint a nominee to file a proof of claim in the name 
of all Noteholders in the event of judicial reorganisation procedure or judicial 
liquidation of the Issuer. Pursuant to Article L.228-85 of the French Code de 
commerce, in the absence of such appointment of a nominee, the judicial 
representative, at its own initiative or at the request of any Noteholder will 
ask the court to appoint a representative of the Noteholders who will file the 
proof of Noteholders’ claim.  
The General Meeting may appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) 
as committee or committees to represent the interests of the Noteholders

--- Page 351 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
351 
and to confer upon any committee or committees any powers or discretions 
which the Noteholders could themselves exercise by Resolution provided 
that (a) persons who are connected with the Issuer within the meaning of 
Articles L.228-49 and L.228-62 of the Code de commerce and (b) persons 
to whom the practice of banker is forbidden or who have been deprived of 
the right of directing, administering or managing an enterprise in whatever 
capacity may not be so appointed. 
Upon appointment of the committee, and no later than fifteen (15) calendar 
days after such appointment, the person or persons constituting such a 
committee shall send a written notice to the Issuer informing it that such a 
committee has been appointed.  
Upon receipt of this written notice, the Issuer shall give notice of the 
appointment of such a committee to all Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices). 
(iii) 
Convening of a General Meeting  
A General Meeting may be held at any time on convocation by the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer, or by the legal representative of the Issuer. One or 
more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth of the principal 
amount of the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer a demand for 
convocation of the General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been 
convened within two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may 
commission one of their members to petition a competent court in Paris to 
appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting.  
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be 
published as provided under Condition 15 (Notices) not less than fifteen (15) 
calendar days prior to the date of such General Meeting on first convocation, 
and five (5) calendar days on second convocation.  
(iv) 
Arrangements for voting  
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, 
by proxy, by correspondence, or by videoconference or by any other means 
of telecommunication allowing the identification of participating Noteholders.  
Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with 
more than one Specified Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple 
of the lowest Specified Denomination comprised in the principal amount of 
the Specified Denomination of such Note. 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the 
right of each Noteholder to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced 
by the entries in the books of the relevant Account Holder of the name of 
such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second business day in Paris 
preceding the date set for the relevant General Meeting.  
(v) 
Chairman  
The Noteholders present at a General Meeting shall elect one of them to be 
chairman (the “Chairman”) by a simple majority of votes present or 
represented at such General Meeting (notwithstanding the absence of a

--- Page 352 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
352 
quorum at the time of such vote). If the Noteholders fail to designate a 
Chairman, the Noteholder holding or representing the highest number of 
Notes and present at such meeting shall be appointed Chairman, failing 
which the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned 
meeting need not be the same as the Chairman of the original meeting.  
(vi) 
Quorum and voting  
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if 
Noteholders present or represented hold at least one fifth of the principal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum 
shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a simple majority 
of votes cast by Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented 
thereat.  
(vii) Written Resolution and Electronic Consent  
Condition 11(a)(iii)(y) (Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent) is 
deemed to be reproduced here.   
(viii) Effect of Resolutions  
A Resolution passed at a General Meeting, or a Written Resolution shall be 
binding on all Noteholders, whether or not present at the General Meeting 
and whether or not, in the case of a Written Resolution, they have 
participated in such Written Resolution and each of them shall be bound to 
give effect to the resolution accordingly. 
(ix) 
Publication of decisions 
Decisions of General Meetings, Written Resolutions and decisions to be 
published pursuant to Articles R.228-79, R.228-80 and R.236-11 of the 
French Code de commerce must be published in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Condition 15 (Notices). 
(d) 
Information to Noteholders 
Each Noteholder or (if there is one) the Representative thereof will have the right, 
during (a) the fifteen (15) calendar day’s period preceding the holding of each 
General Meeting (or preceding the Written Resolution Date in the case of a Written 
Resolution) or (b) the five (5) calendar days period preceding the holding of such 
General Meeting on second convocation, to consult or make a copy of the text of 
the Resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports which will be presented 
at the General Meeting (or submitted in connection with a Written Resolution), all 
of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the 
registered office of the Issuer, at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents 
and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting or the Written 
Resolution. 
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse (including 
those incurred by the Representative in the proper performance of their functions

--- Page 353 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
353 
and duties) or of the contractual representation of the Noteholders, and those 
relating to the calling and holding of General Meetings and seeking the approval of 
a Written Resolution and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved 
upon by the General Meeting, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may 
be imputed against interest payable on the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
Whether the relevant Final Terms specify “Full Masse” or “Contractual Masse”, the 
Noteholders of the same Series, and the Noteholders of any other Series which 
have been assimilated and/or consolidated with the Notes of such first mentioned 
Series in accordance with Condition 13 (Further Issues), may, for the defence of 
their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The 
Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will 
be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such Series. 
(g) 
One Noteholder 
Whether the Final Terms specify “Full Masse” or “Contractual Masse”, if and for so 
long as the Notes of any Series are held by a single Noteholder and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such sole 
Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the 
Masse. Such sole Noteholder shall hold a register of the decisions it will have taken 
in this capacity, shall provide copies of such decisions to the Issuer and shall make 
them available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of all or part of the Notes 
of such Series.  
(h) 
Miscellaneous 
In accordance with Article L.213-6-3 V of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
the Issuer has the right to amend the Terms and Conditions of the Notes with an 
initial denomination of at least €100,000, without having to obtain the prior approval 
of the Noteholders, in order to correct a mistake which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature.  
Any modification of the Conditions pursuant to the above may only be made to the 
extent that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator 
and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if required. 
12 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, 
Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange regulations, at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent, as may from time to time be 
designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which 
may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for

--- Page 354 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
354 
payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid 
to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the 
Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, Couponholders 
or Receiptholders, create and issue further notes to be consolidated (assimilées) with 
such Notes provided such Notes and the further Notes carry rights identical in all respects 
(save for the aggregate nominal amount thereof, their Issue Date, Interest 
Commencement Date, Issue Price and/or the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon) and the first payment of interest thereon) and that the terms of such 
Notes provide for such assimilation, and references in these Conditions to the “Notes” 
shall be construed accordingly. 
14 
Waiver of Set-Off 
No holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon may at any time exercise or claim any 
Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or may have or 
acquire against such holder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in 
relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort, whether or not relating 
to such Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) and each such holder shall be deemed to have 
waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in 
relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 14 is intended to provide, or shall 
be construed as acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, 
retention or counterclaim or that any such right is or would be available to any holder of 
any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon but for this Condition 14. 
“Waived Set-Off Rights” means any and all rights of or claims of any holder of any Note, 
Receipt, Coupon or Talon for deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or 
counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any Note, Receipt, 
Coupon or Talon. 
15 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the Noteholders of Dematerialised Notes may be given by delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared. 
In addition, all notices in respect of such Notes shall be published: (i) so long as 
the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules of 
Euronext Paris so require, in a daily newspaper with general circulation in France 
(which is expected to be Les Echos), or in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-
4 of the Règlement Général of the AMF and (ii) so long as the Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market or market or stock exchange, 
in accordance with the rules of such Regulated Market or market or stock 
exchange.

--- Page 355 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
355 
(b) 
Notices to Noteholders of Materialised Notes will be valid if published, at the option 
of the Issuer: (i) in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or, (ii) so long 
as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules of 
Euronext Paris so require, (a) in a daily newspaper with general circulation in 
France (which is expected to be Les Echos) or (b) in a daily leading newspaper of 
general circulation in Europe, or (c) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of 
the Règlement Général of the AMF and (iii) so long as the Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market or market or stock exchange, 
in accordance with the rules of such Regulated Market or market or stock 
exchange. 
(c) 
If any publication mentioned above is not practicable, notice shall be validly given 
if published in another leading daily English or French language newspaper, as 
applicable, with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or 
on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. Where 
applicable, Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the Noteholders of Materialised Notes in 
accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Notices to the Noteholders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au 
nominatif) shall be deemed to be validly given if, at the option of the Issuer and in 
substitution for the publication required by paragraph (a), they are mailed to them 
at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth weekday after the mailing, provided that the Issuer shall ensure 
that notices are daily published in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Any notice given to the Noteholders in accordance with Article R.228-79, 
paragraph 1, of the French Code de Commerce and this Condition shall be deemed 
to constitute the “insertion” referred to in Article R.228-79, paragraph 2, of the 
French Code de Commerce. 
16 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes and, where applicable, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes and, where applicable, 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons may be brought before the competent courts within 
the jurisdiction of the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 356 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
356 
17 
Statutory Write-Down or Conversion 
(a) 
Acknowledgement 
Notwithstanding any other term of a given Series of Notes or any other agreement, 
arrangement or understanding between the Issuer and the holders of any Note, by 
its acquisition of any of Note, each Noteholder (which for the purposes of this 
Condition 17 includes each holder of a beneficial interest in any Note) 
acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees: 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, which may include and result 
in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
a) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on a permanent 
basis; 
b) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person 
(and the issue to the holder of the Notes of such shares, securities or 
obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or 
variation of the terms of such Notes, in which case the holder of such 
Notes agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under such Notes any such 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another 
person;  
c) 
the cancellation of the Notes; 
d) the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment 
of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which 
the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; and 
(ii) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, 
to give effect to, the exercise of the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority.  
“Amounts Due” means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes and any 
accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes. 
“Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any power existing from time to 
time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in France, 
relating to the transposition of the BRRD and/or the BRRD II including without 
limitation pursuant to the 20 August 2015 Decree Law and the 21 December 2020 
Decree Law, Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure 
for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the 
framework of the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, or otherwise arising 
under French law, and in each case the instructions, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which the obligations of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate 
of such Regulated Entity) can be reduced (in part or in whole), cancelled, 
suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified in any way, or securities of 
a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be converted into

--- Page 357 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
357 
shares, other securities, or other obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other 
person, whether in connection with the implementation of the Bail-in Tool 
following placement in resolution or of write-down or conversion powers before a 
resolution procedure is initiated or without a resolution procedure, or otherwise. 
“Regulated Entity” means any entity referred to in Section I of Article L.613-34 
of the French Code monétaire et financier as modified by the 20 August 2015 
Decree Law and the 21 December 2020 Decree Law, which includes certain 
credit institutions, investment firms, and certain of their parent or holding 
companies established in France. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be 
paid after the exercise of the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer unless, at the time such repayment 
or payment, respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or payment 
would be permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in 
effect in France and the European Union applicable to the Issuer or other members 
of the Crédit Agricole Group. 
(c) 
No Event of Default 
Neither a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts 
Due, the conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or 
another person, as a result of the exercise of the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of 
the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with 
respect to the Notes will be an event of default or otherwise constitute non-
performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the holder of such Notes to any 
remedies (including equitable remedies) which are hereby expressly waived. 
(d) 
Notice to Noteholders 
Upon the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, the Issuer will make available a 
written notice to the holders of such Notes in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices) as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Fiscal 
Agent for informational purposes, although the Fiscal Agent shall not be required 
to send such notice to the holders of such Notes. 
(e) 
Duties of the Agents  
Upon the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, (a) the Agents shall not be required to take any directions 
from holders of Notes, and (b) the Agency Agreement shall impose no duties upon 
any of the Agents whatsoever, in each case with respect to the exercise of any 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority.

--- Page 358 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
358 
(f) 
Proration 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers with respect to less than the total Amounts Due, unless any of the Agents 
is otherwise instructed by the Issuer or the Relevant Resolution Authority, any 
cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the relevant Series of Notes 
pursuant to the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
(g) 
Conditions Exhaustive 
The matters set forth in this Condition 18 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing 
matters to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings 
between the Issuer and any holder of Notes.

--- Page 359 ---
359 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF 
FRENCH LAW MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A temporary global certificate in bearer form, without interest Coupons attached (a “Temporary 
Global Certificate”), will initially be issued in connection with French Law Materialised Bearer Notes. 
Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will credit the accounts of each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal 
amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The above mentioned common depositary may also credit a nominal amount of Notes to the 
accounts of subscribers with (if specified in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through 
direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing 
systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited with any other clearing 
system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge 
to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(A) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in 
compliance with the TEFRA C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in 
whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes and 
(B) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in (a 
form of which shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such 
Temporary Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary 
Global Certificate, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal 
amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. In this Base 
Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes means, in relation to any Temporary Global 
Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may 
be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of 
interest or Instalment Amounts that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate 
and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will be security printed in accordance with any 
applicable legal and requirements of the Regulated Market. Forms of such Definitive Bearer 
Materialised Notes shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agent(s). 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the expiry 
of 40 days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued 
prior to such day pursuant to Condition 13, the Exchange Date shall be postponed to the day falling 
after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after the issue of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 360 ---
360 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR FRENCH LAW NOTES 
The Final Terms for each Tranche of French Law Notes with a denomination of at least EUR 100,000 
or less than EUR 100,000 to be issued pursuant to the “Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes” will contain such of the following information (which may be modified in relation to any 
particular issue of French Law Notes by agreement between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Dealer(s)) as is applicable in respect of such Notes (all references to numbered Conditions 
being to the relevant Conditions in “Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes”). 
[[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of 
the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
Directive (EU) 2014/65 (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of 
the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy 
statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
OR 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as 
defined in Directive (EU) 2014/65 (as amended, "MiFID II")[, provided that, with respect to retail 
clients only, they possess sufficient knowledge and experience to be considered sophisticated 
investors and have sufficient financial capacity and an appropriate investment horizon and risk 
tolerance]; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii)

--- Page 361 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
361 
all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and 
(iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment 
advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and] [non-advised sales] [and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy 
statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]]28 
  
[IMPORTANT – PRIIPs – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive (EU) 2014/65 (as amended, "MiFID II"/MiFID II]; (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
                                                
28  Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in 
item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018.

--- Page 362 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
362 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]29 
[IMPORTANT: PRIIPs – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the [Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”)/FSMA]  and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]30 
 
[Notification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of 
Singapore – The Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore).]31 
 
                                                
29  Legend to be included if the Notes may constitute “packaged” products under the PRIIPs Regulation and no key information document (KID) will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified. 
30  Legend to be included if the Notes may constitute “packaged” products under the PRIIPs Regulation and no key information document (KID) will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified. 
31  Legend to be included only if the Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products, as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.

--- Page 363 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
363 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[Logo] 
Crédit Agricole S.A. 
[acting through its London branch] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 969500TJ5KRTCJQWXH05 
 
Euro 80,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Series No: [●] 
Tranche No: [●] 
[Brief description and Amount of Notes] 
Issued by: Crédit Agricole S.A. [acting through its London branch] (the “Issuer”) 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so[: 
(i) 
in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction mentioned in Paragraph [9] of Part B below, 
provided such person is [an Authorised Offeror] specified in that paragraph and that 
such offer is made during the Offer Period specified for such purpose therein; or 
(ii) 
otherwise]32 in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each 
case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of 
Notes in any other circumstances. 
[Retail investors are only eligible to subscribe for Senior Non-Preferred Notes if they possess 
sufficient knowledge and experience to be considered sophisticated investors and have sufficient 
financial capacity and an appropriate investment horizon and risk tolerance.]  
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129, as amended. 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus. The last day of validity of the Base Prospectus is [•] April 2022. The succeeding 
base prospectus will be published on the website of the Issuer at [•].]33 
 
 
                                                
32 Include this wording where a Non-Exempt Offer of Notes is anticipated. 
33  Include this wording in the event of an offer of securities to the public will continue after the expiration of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 364 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
364 
Part A – Contractuel Terms 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set 
forth in “Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes” in the base prospectus dated [•] 2021 which 
has received approval no. 21-[•] from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on [•] 2021 
[and the supplement[s] to it dated [●] which [has/have] received approval no. [●] from the AMF on 
[●]] and which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is 
only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. [A 
summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]34 The Base Prospectus is 
available 
for 
viewing 
[on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.credit-
agricole.com/finance/finance/dette/emissions-marche/credit-agricole-s.a.-emissions-marche) / on 
the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org)] [and copies may be obtained [from Crédit Agricole 
S.A., 12, place des Etats-Unis, 92127 Montrouge Cedex, France]].   
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue, which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus or an Offering Circular with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the [base prospectus/offering circular] dated [original date] [which has 
received approval no. 21-[●] from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on [●]] [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [●] [which [has/have] received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]] (the 
“Original [Base Prospectus/Offering Circular]”) which are incorporated by reference in the base 
prospectus dated [•] 2021 which has received approval no. 21-[•] from the AMF on [•] 2021]. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of 
the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated [•] 2021 
which has received approval no. 21-[•] from the AMF on [•] 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[●] which [have/has] received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]], which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”), save in 
respect of the Conditions which are found in the Original [Base Prospectus/Offering Circular]. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms, the Conditions and the Base Prospectus. [A summary of the issue of the Notes 
is annexed to these Final Terms.]35 The Original Base Prospectus and the Base Prospectus are 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.credit-
agricole.com/finance/finance/dette/emissions-marche/credit-agricole-s.a.-emissions-marche), 
on 
the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org)] [and copies may be obtained [from Crédit Agricole 
S.A., 12, place des Etats-Unis, 92127 Montrouge Cedex, France]].  
 
 
                                                
34 Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.  
35 Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 365 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
365 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1.  
Issuer: 
Crédit Agricole S.A. [acting through its 
London branch] 
2. 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable] / [The Notes will be 
consolidated (assimilées), form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes 
with 
the 
existing 
[insert 
description of the Series] issued by the 
Issuer on [insert date/Issue Date of this 
Tranche/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph [27] below 
which is expected to occur on or about 
[insert date] (the “Exchange Date”).]] 
3. 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4. 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5. 
 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (in the case of fungible issues only if 
applicable)] 
6. 
 
Specified Denomination: 
[●]  
[Note: Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be 
issued with a minimum denomination of 
€50,00036] 
7. 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[●] 
8. 
 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
the specified Interest Payment Date falling 
in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
[in the case of Subordinated Notes, the 
Maturity Date shall be at least five years 
after the Issue Date] [in the case of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, the Maturity Date 
                                                
36  Pursuant to the French Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 relative au régime de résolution dans le secteur bancaire dated 21 December 2020, 
Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the French Monetary and Financial Code was amended to implement new Article 44 bis of the BRRD II and 
provide that any such debt securities issued as from 28 December 2020 shall be issued with a minimum denomination of at least 
€50,000.

--- Page 366 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
366 
shall be a day falling one year after the 
Issue Date] [in the case of Undated 
Subordinated Notes or Undated Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, there is no fixed 
maturity] 
9. 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate][(Resettable)] 
[[[●] / LIBOR / EURIBOR / SONIA / SOFR 
/ SARON / TONA or other reference rate 
basis] +/– [●] per cent.][Floating Rate]  
[Zero Coupon] 
[CMS Linked] 
[Inflation Linked] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate notes] 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 
[●] below) 
10. 
 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [100] per 
cent. of their nominal amount 
[The Final Redemption Amount should be 
equal to or more than 100 per cent.] 
11. 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating 
rate change occurs or refer to paragraphs 
15 and 16 below and identify there] 
12. 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Noteholder Put (only for Senior Notes)] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 
[●] below)] 
13. 
 
Status: 
[Senior Preferred Notes / Senior Non-
Preferred Notes / Subordinated Notes] 
14. 
 
Dates 
of 
the 
corporate 
authorisations for issuance of the 
Notes: 
Resolutions of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer dated [●] (in the case of syndicated 
issue only) [and the décision d’émission 
dated [●]] (in the case of non syndicated 
issue only) [and the Final Terms which 
constitute the décision d’émission] 
Provisions Relating to Interest (if any) Payable 
15. 
 
Fixed Rate Note: 
[Applicable [from (and including) the [Issue 
Date/ [●]] to (but excluding) [[●]/the 
Maturity Date]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other [specify]]

--- Page 367 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
367 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date] / 
[[●] per cent. per annum from (and 
including) [●], to (but excluding) [●], and [●] 
per cent. per annum from (and including) 
[●], to (but excluding) [●]]][Resettable] / [[●] 
per cent. per annum from (and including) 
[●], to (but excluding) [●]][Fixed / Floating 
Rate Notes] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [in each year] [from (and including) [●] 
up to (and including) [●]] [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention and any applicable Business 
Center(s) for the definition of “Business 
Day”] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: [●] per Specified Denomination (in the case 
of a long or short first/last coupon) [payable 
on each Interest Payment Date, except for 
the amount payable in respect of the 
[[first/last] short / [first/last] long] Interest 
Accrual Period beginning on (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date / [●] and 
ending on (but excluding) the Interest 
Payment Date falling on [[●] / the Maturity 
Date which shall be the Broken Amount]   
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount([s]): 
[Not Applicable/ [●] per Note of [●] in 
nominal amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual] 
/ 
[Actual/365-FBF] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)-FBF] / [Actual/360] / 
[Actual/360-FBF] / [30/360] / [360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / [30/360-FBF] / [30E/360]  
[Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[30E/360-FBF] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]] 
[adjusted/not adjusted] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] [in each year] (insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
(vii) 
Resettable: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable 
 
– 
Initial Rate of 
Interest: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
payable 
[annually/semi- 
annually/quarterly/monthly/other [specify]] 
in arrear

--- Page 368 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
368 
 
– 
First Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
– 
Subsequent 
Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
– 
First Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Second 
Reset 
Date: 
[[●] / Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Subsequent Reset 
Date(s): 
[[●] [and [●]] / Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reset 
Reference  
Rate: 
[CMT Rate / CMT Rate (JGB) / Mid-Swap 
Rate / Reference Government Bond] 
 
 
– 
Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark 
Rate: 
[●] (if applicable) 
 
– 
CMT Rate Maturity: [●] (if applicable) 
 
– 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] (if applicable) 
 
– 
Reset 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] (specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
– 
First 
Reset 
Period 
Fallback: 
[●] 
16. 
 
Floating Rate Note: 
[Applicable [from (and including) the [Issue 
Date/ [●]] to (but excluding) [[●]/the Maturity 
Date]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(Specify if more than one floating rate is to 
be determined and repeat sub-paragraph 
16, for each such rate) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●]  
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[[●] [in each year] [from (and including) [●] 
to (but excluding) [●]], subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (v) below] 
 
(iii) 
First 
Interest 
Payment 
Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [[●] in each year [from 
(and including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]], 
subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in

--- Page 369 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
369 
(v) below] (Not applicable unless different 
from Interest Payment Dates) 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(vi) 
Business Center(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination/FBF Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent): 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[●] (specify LIBOR, EURIBOR, SOFR, 
SONIA, €STR, SARON, TONA or other 
reference rate) 
 
– 
Benchmark: 
[●] (Only applicable in the case of SOFR, 
SONIA, SARON or TONA or other 
reference rate) 
 
– 
Relevant Inter-
Bank Market: 
[●] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen 
Page Time: 
[●] 
 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
[●] [[TARGET] Business Day(s) in [specify 
city] 
for 
[specify 
currency]] 
/ 
[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day(s) (if 
SOFR)] / [London Banking Day(s) (if 
SONIA)] / [Zurich Banking Day(s) (if 
SARON)] / [Tokyo Banking Day(s) (if 
TONA)] prior to [the first day in each Interest 
Accrual 
Period/each 
Interest Payment 
Date] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
 
– 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / The day that is the 
[second/[•]] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in relation to the relevant Interest] 
(Only applicable in the case of SOFR 
Arithmetic Mean or SOFR Compound with 
Payment Delay)

--- Page 370 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
370 
 
– 
SONIA Rate Cut-Off 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / The day that is the 
[second/[•]] London Banking Day prior to 
the Interest Payment Date in relation to the 
relevant Interest] (Only applicable in the 
case of SONIA Compound with Payment 
Delay) 
 
– 
SARON Rate Cut-Off 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / The day that is the 
[second/[•]] Zurich Banking Day prior to the 
Interest Payment Date in relation to the 
relevant Interest] (Only applicable in the 
case of SARON Compound with Payment 
Delay) 
 
– 
TONA Rate Cut-Off 
Date: 
[Not Applicable / The day that is the 
[second/[•]] Tokyo Banking Day prior to the 
Interest Payment Date in relation to the 
relevant Interest] (Only applicable in the 
case of TONA Compound with Payment 
Delay) 
 
– 
Lookback Days: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s) (if SOFR 
Compound with Lookback) / [●] London 
Banking Day(s) (if SONIA Compound with 
Lookback) / [●] Zurich Banking Day(s) (if 
SARON Compound with Lookback) / [●] 
Tokyo Banking Day(s) (if TONA Compound 
with Lookback)] / [●] TARGET Business 
Day(s) (if €STR)] (Only applicable in the 
case of SOFR Compound with Lookback, 
SONIA Compound with Lookback, SARON 
Compound 
with 
Lookback, 
TONA 
Compound with Lookback or €STER) 
 
– 
Observation Shift 
Days: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s) (if SOFR 
Compound with Observation period Shift) / 
[●] London Banking Day(s) (if SONIA 
Compound with Observation Period Shift) / 
[●] Zurich Banking Day(s) (if SARON 
Compound with Observation Shift) / [●] 
Tokyo Banking Day(s) (if TONA Compound 
with Observation Shift)] (Only applicable in 
the 
case 
of 
SOFR 
Compound 
with 
Observation 
period 
Shift, 
SONIA 
Compound with Observation Shift, SARON 
Compound with Observation Shift or TONA 
Compound with Observation Shift)

--- Page 371 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
371 
 
– 
Relevant Number: 
[Not Applicable / [●] London Banking Day(s) 
(if SONIA Index Determination) / [●] Zurich 
Banking 
Day(s) 
(if 
SAION 
Index 
Determination)] (Only applicable in the case 
of SONIA Index Determination or SAION 
Index Determination) 
 
– 
Interest Accrual 
Period End Dates: 
[Not Applicable / each date falling [●] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day(s) / 
[●] London Banking Day(s) / [●] Zurich 
Banking Day(s) / [●] Tokyo Banking Day(s) 
after the Interest Commencement Date in 
relation to the first Interest Accrual Period or 
after the previous Interest Accrual Period 
End Date thereafter] (Only applicable in the 
case of SOFR Compound with Payment 
Delay, SONIA Compound with Payment 
Delay, SARON Compound with Payment 
Delay or TONA Compound with Payment 
Delay) 
 
– 
Interest Payment 
Delay: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s) / [●] London 
Banking Day(s) / [●] Zurich Banking Day(s) 
/ 
[●] 
Tokyo 
Banking 
Day(s)] 
(Only 
applicable in the case of SOFR Compound 
with Payment Delay, SONIA Compound 
with Payment Delay, SARON Compound 
with Payment Delay or TONA Compound 
with Payment Delay) 
 
– 
SOFR Index Start: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government 
Securities 
Business 
Day(s)] 
(Only 
applicable in the case of SOFR Index 
Average) 
 
– 
SOFR Index End: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government 
Securities 
Business 
Day(s)] 
(Only 
applicable in the case of SOFR Index 
Average) 
 
– 
SAION Index Start: 
[Not Applicable / [●] Zurich Banking Day(s)] 
(Only applicable in the case of SAION Index 
Determination) 
 
– 
SAION Index End: 
[Not Applicable / [●] Zurich Banking Day(s)] 
(Only applicable in the case of SAION Index 
Determination) 
 
– 
SONIA Index Start: 
[Not Applicable / [●] London Banking 
Day(s)] (Only applicable in the case of 
SONIA Index Determination)

--- Page 372 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
372 
 
– 
SONIA Index End: 
[Not Applicable / [●] London Banking 
Day(s)] (Only applicable in the case of 
SONIA Index Determination) 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[●] 
 
– 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
ISDA Definitions:  
2006 
 
(xi) 
FBF Determination: 
 
 
– 
Floating Rate: 
[●] 
 
– 
Floating Rate: 
Determination 
Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
FBF Definitions (if 
different from those 
set out in the 
Conditions): 
[●] 
 
(xii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable / the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest 
period)] 
 
(xiii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]. Condition 5(i) shall apply] 
 
(xv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]. Condition 5(i) shall apply] 
 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual / Actual] / [Actual / 365-FBF] / 
[Actual / Actual-ISDA] / [Actual / 365 (Fixed)] 
/ [Actual / 365 (Fixed)-FBF] / [Actual / 360] / 
[Actual / 360-FBF] / [30/360] / [360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / [30/360-FBF] / [30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[30E/360-FBF] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]] 
[adjusted / not adjusted] 
17. 
 
Zero Coupon Note: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[[●] per cent. per annum/as per Condition 
6(l)(i)]

--- Page 373 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
373 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption: 
[●] 
18. 
 
CMS Linked Note: 
[Applicable [from (and including) the [Issue 
Date/ [●]] to (but excluding) [[●]/the Maturity 
Date]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[[●] [in each year] [from (and including) [●] 
to 
(but 
excluding) 
[●]], 
subject 
to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business Day Convention set out in 
(iii) below] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(iv) 
Business Center(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [[●] in each year [from 
(and including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]] , 
subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in 
(iii) above] (Not applicable unless different 
from Interest Payment Dates) 
 
(vii) 
Applicable formula to be 
used for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount: 
[Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor x [CMS 
Rate1 – CMS Rate2]/[Rate of Interest = 
Gearing Factor x [CMS Rate + Margin]] 
 
(viii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/●] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Reference Rate(s): 
[CMS Rate: [●]]/[CMS Rate1: [●]] 
 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date: 
[[●] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify 
city] for [specify currency] prior to [the first

--- Page 374 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
374 
day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Interest Payment Date]] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
 
(x) 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Reference Rate(s): 
[CMS Rate2: [●]] 
 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date: 
[[●] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify 
city] for [specify currency] prior to [the first 
day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Interest Payment Date]] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[●]] 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Floating Rate 
Option(s): 
[CMS Rate: [●]]/[CMS Rate1: [●]] 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
ISDA Definitions:  
2006 
 
(xii) 
[ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Floating Rate 
Option(s): 
[CMS Rate2: [●]] 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
ISDA Definitions:  
2006] 
 
(xiii) 
Gearing Factor: 
[●] 
 
(xiv) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]. Condition 5(i) shall apply] 
 
(xvi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]. Condition 5(i) shall apply] 
 
(xvii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual / Actual] / [Actual / 365-FBF] / 
[Actual / Actual-ISDA] / [Actual / 365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual / 365 (Fixed)-FBF] / 
[Actual / 360] / [Actual / 360-FBF] / [30/360] 
/ [360/360] / [Bond Basis] / [30/360-FBF] / 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 
(ISDA)] / [30E/360-FBF] / [Actual/Actual-
ICMA]] [adjusted / not adjusted]

--- Page 375 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
375 
 
(xviii) 
Conditional Rate of Interest: [Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(if applicable, specify applicable Interest 
Periods and minimum pre-determined rate) 
19. 
 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[HICP/CPI] 
 
(ii) 
Formula: 
[[Rate of Interest = Max [Gearing Factor x 
(HICPm-x, / HICPm-y - 1) + Margin ; 0.00%]] / 
[Rate of Interest = Min [Max [Gearing 
Factor x (HICPm-x, / HICPm-y - 1) + Margin ; 
0.00%]; Cap]] / [Rate of Interest = Max 
[Gearing Factor x (CPIm-x, / CPIm-y - 1) + 
Margin ; 0.00%]] / [Rate of Interest = Min 
[Max [Gearing Factor x (CPIm-x, / CPIm-y - 1) 
+ Margin ; 0.00%]; Cap]] 
 
(iii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/●] 
 
(iv) 
Gearing Factor: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
x: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
y: 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Cap: 
[[●] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]. Condition 5(i) shall apply] 
 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]. Condition 5(i) shall apply] 
 
(xi) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(xii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
[●] 
 
(xiv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(xv) 
Business Center(s): 
[●] 
 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual / Actual] / [Actual / 365-FBF] / 
[Actual / Actual-ISDA] / [Actual / 365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual / 365 (Fixed)-FBF] / 
[Actual / 360] / [Actual / 360-FBF] / [30/360] 
/ [360/360] / [Bond Basis] / [30/360-FBF] / 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360

--- Page 376 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
376 
(ISDA)] / [30E/360-FBF] / [Actual/Actual-
ICMA]] [adjusted / not adjusted] 
Provisions Relating to Redemption 
20. 
 
Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer (Call Option): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] (in the case of Subordinated Notes, the 
first Optional Redemption Date shall be at 
least five years after the Issue Date) 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note 
and method, if any, of 
calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
/ [●] per Note of [●] in nominal amount / 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount] 
[The Optional Redemption Amount should 
be equal to or more than 100 per cent.] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
a) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Notice Period: 
[As per Conditions / [●]] 
21. 
 
Clean-up Redemption Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (No Clean-up 
Redemption Option will be permitted prior to 
five years from the Issue Date with respect 
to the Subordinated Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
  Clean-up Percentage: 
[80 per cent. / [●] per cent.] 
 
(ii) 
Notice Period: 
[As per Conditions / [●]] 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note 
and method, if any, of 
calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
/ [●] per Note of [●] in nominal amount / 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount] 
[The Optional Redemption Amount should 
be equal to or more than 100 per cent.] 
 
(iv)         Optional Clean-up 
Redemption Date(s): 
(solely if the Clean-up 
Percentage is reached): 
[●] (in the case of Subordinated Notes, the 
first Optional Clean-up Redemption Date 
shall be at least five years after the Issue 
Date) 
22. 
 
Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders (Put Option): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Applicable only 
to Senior Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●]

--- Page 377 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
377 
 
(ii) 
Redemption amount(s) of 
each Note and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
/ [●] per Note of [●] in nominal amount] 
[The redemption amount should be equal to 
or more than 100 per cent.] 
 
(iii) 
Notice Period: 
[As per Conditions / [●]] 
23. 
 
(i)          MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event Call 
Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii)        Early Redemption Amount: 
[Final Redemption Amount / Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount] 
24. 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [100] per 
cent. of their outstanding principal amount 
[The Final Redemption Amount should be 
equal to or more than 100 per cent.] 
25. 
 
Early Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
/ [●] per Note of [●] in nominal amount / 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount] 
[The Early Redemption Amount should be 
equal to or more than 100 per cent.] 
26. 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reference Security: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Screen Rate: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Make-Whole Redemption 
Margin: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Reference Dealers: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating 
the 
principal 
and/or interest due (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[●] 
27. 
[Events of Default (option only 
available 
for 
Senior 
Preferred 
Notes): 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(If Notes are not Senior Preferred Notes, 
delete this paragraph) 
(If Applicable, specify one or more Events of 
Default below) 
 
Non-Payment: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
 
Breach of other obligations: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
 
Insolvency 
(or 
other 
similar 
proceeding): 
Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
28. General Provisions Applicable to the Notes

--- Page 378 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
378 
 
(i) 
Form of Notes (Bearer 
Notes): 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(ii) 
Form of Dematerialised 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/specify whether Bearer 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
porteur)]/[Administered 
Registered 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
nominatif 
administré)]/[Fully 
Registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif pur)] 
 
(iii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable give name and 
details]  
 
 
(Note that a Registration Agent must be 
appointed in relation to Dematerialised 
Notes in fully registered form only) 
 
(iv) 
Temporary Global 
Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate exchangeable for Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes on [•] (the 
“Exchange Date”), being 40 days after the 
Issue Date subject to postponement as 
provided 
in 
the 
Temporary 
Global 
Certificate]  
(Only applicable to Materialised Notes) 
29. 
 
Exclusion of the possibility to 
request 
identification 
of 
a 
Noteholder 
as 
Provided 
by 
Condition 1(a): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
30. 
 
Financial Center(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details.] 
[Note that this item relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not the end dates of  
interest periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest to which 
items 16(vi), 18(iv) and 19(xv) relate] 
31. 
 
Talons 
for 
future 
Coupons 
or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes (and 
dates 
on 
which 
such 
Talons 
mature): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] 
32. 
 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
amount of each Instalment, date on 
which each payment is to be made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Minimum Instalment 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Maximum Instalment 
Amount: 
[•]

--- Page 379 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
379 
33. 
 
Applicable tax regime: 
Condition 8(a) [and Condition 8(b)] 
[apply/applies]  
34. 
 
Representation of holders of 
French Law Notes – Masse: 
[[Full Masse] / [Contractual Masse] / [No 
masse] shall apply]  
(Note that: (i) Condition 11(b) (Contractual 
Masse) is only applicable in respect of any 
Tranche of Note issued outside of France or 
with a denomination of at least €100,000 or 
its equivalent and (ii) Condition 11(c) (No 
Masse) is only applicable in respect of 
Notes with a denomination of at least 
€100,000 or its equivalent) 
[If Condition 11(a) (Full Masse) or 11(b) 
(Contractual Masse) applies and the 
Appointed Representatives are appointed 
as per the Conditions, insert below the 
following details: 
[Primary Appointed Representative: as per 
the Conditions – F&S Financial Services, 8 
rue du Mont Thabor, 75001 Paris 
Alternate Appointed Representative: as per 
the Conditions – Aether Financial Services, 
36 rue de Monceau, 75008 Paris] 
Remuneration: as per the Conditions – the 
remuneration of the Primary Appointed 
Representative or, as the case may be, the 
Alternate Appointed Representative, will be 
equal to EUR 400 per year (excluding 
taxes), payable as per the Conditions.] 
[If Condition 11(a) (Full Masse) or 11(b) 
(Contractual 
Masse) 
applies 
and 
a 
Representative other that the Appointed 
Representatives is appointed, insert below 
details 
of 
such 
Representative 
and 
remuneration, if any: 
[Name and address of the Representative: 
[●]] 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The 
Representative 
will 
receive a remuneration of [●]] 
Responsibility 
I hereby accept responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[●] has been 
extracted from [●]. I confirm that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far 
as I am aware, and able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer on [●]

--- Page 380 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
380 
Duly represented by: .................................................

--- Page 381 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
381 
Part B – Other Information 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
[(i)] 
Listing: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris]/[●] with 
effect from [●].]/[Not Applicable.] 
[Where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original securities are already 
admitted to trading] 
[(ii)  
Estimate of total expenses 
 
related to admission to trading: 
[●]37 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
[In respect of Notes having a maturity of 
[more][less] than one year, the Programme has 
been rated][The Notes to be issued [have 
been/are expected to be] rated:] 
[[Standard & Poor’s]: [●]] 
[[Moody’s]: [●]] 
[[Fitch]: [●]] 
[Other: [●]] 
[Standard & Poor’s], [Moody’s] and [Fitch] are 
established in the European Union or in the 
United Kingdom and are registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA 
Regulation”) or under the CRA Regulation as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“EUWA”). [As such, [Standard & Poor’s], 
[Moody’s] and [Fitch] are included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Market Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk).] 
 [Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider, for 
example: 
 
“As defined by Standard & Poor’s, an “A” rating 
means that the Issuer’s capacity to meet its 
financial commitments under the Notes is strong 
but somewhat susceptible to adverse economic 
conditions.” 
 
“Obligations rated “A” by Moody’s are judged to 
be upper-medium grade and are subject to low 
                                                
37 Required only for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 382 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
382 
credit risk. The modifier 3 indicates a ranking in 
the lower end of that generic rating category.” 
 
“As defined by Fitch, an “A” rating denotes 
expectations of low credit risk. The capacity for 
payment of financial commitments is considered 
strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be 
more vulnerable to adverse business or 
economic conditions than is the case for higher 
ratings. The modifier (+) is appended to denote 
relative status within this category.”]  
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below: 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale” in the Base Prospectus], so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the [issue/offer] of the Notes has an interest material to the 
[issue/offer].”]/[●] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS [AND TOTAL EXPENSES] 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●]*/ [The net proceeds will be used for the 
Issuer’s general funding requirements]/[The 
Notes constitute [Green/Social] Notes and an 
amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds 
will be used to finance and/or refinance one or 
more of the Eligible [Green/Social] Assets 
described below: 
[Describe Eligible Green Assets or Eligible 
Social Assets categories, as applicable and 
availability of Second Party Opinion and any 
relevant third party opinions and where the 
information can be obtained] *(See “Use of 
Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus — if 
reasons for offer different from (i) making profit 
and/or (ii) hedging certain risks and/or (iii) 
financing and/or refinancing new or existing any 
Eligible Green Assets and/or (iv) financing 
and/or refinancing new or existing any Eligible

--- Page 383 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
383 
Social Assets, will need to include those 
reasons here.)] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of 
other funding.) 
(iii) 
[Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
[Include breakdown of expenses.]38] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes and Resettable Notes only — YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
[[The yield in respect of this issue of Fixed 
Rate Notes is 
calculated on the basis of the Issue Price using 
the following formula: 
 
P= 
C 
(1-(1+r)-n) + A(1+r)-n 
r 
 
where: 
P  
is the Issue Price of the Notes; 
C  
is the Interest Amount; 
A  
is the outstanding principal amount of 
Notes due on  redemption; 
n  
is time to maturity in years; and 
r  
is the yield. 
[[As set out above,] the yield is calculated at the 
Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is 
not an indication of future yield.]]39  
[[(only applicable for the offer to the public in 
France) [yield gap of [●] per cent. in relation to 
tax free French government bonds (obligations 
assimilables au Trésor (OAT)) of an equivalent 
duration.]40 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only — PERFORMANCE OF RATES] 
[Historic interest rate: 
Details of performance of [LIBOR, EURIBOR, 
SOFR, SONIA, €STR, SARON, TONA or other 
reference rate] rates can be obtained [but not] 
free of charge from Reuters/[•]] 
                                                
38  Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least EUR100,000. 
39 Not required. 
40 Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least EUR100,000.

--- Page 384 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
384 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [●] which is provided 
by [●]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [●] 
[appears]/[does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmark 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
No 2016/1011), as amended [(the “Benchmark 
Regulation”)] / [or the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by 
the Financial Conduct Authority in the United 
Kingdom pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
Benchmark Regulation”)]. [As far as the Issuer 
is aware, the transitional provisions set forth in 
Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply 
such that [●] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, 
enforcement or equivalence).]] 
7. 
[Inflation Linked Notes, CMS Linked Notes and Fixed Rate Resettable Notes only – 
PERFORMANCE 
OF 
INDEX 
AND 
OTHER 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING 
THE 
UNDERLYING] 
(i) Name of underlying index: [●] 
 
(ii) Information about the Index, its volatility and past and future performance can be obtained: 
[●] 
 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
(iii) Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking 
Société 
Anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/Give name(s) and number(s)] 
(iv) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v) 
Names and addresses of Paying 
Agent(s) (including any additional 
Paying Agent(s)): 
[Give name(s), address(es)] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
1.  
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
2. 
 
If syndicated,

--- Page 385 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
385 
 
(i) 
Names of Managers 
(specifying 
Lead 
Manager): 
[Not Applicable/give names/[addresses 
and underwriting commitments]41] 
(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment 
basis 
and 
names 
and 
addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on 
a “best efforts” basis if such entities are not 
the same as the Managers.) 
 
(ii) 
Date of Subscription 
Agreement (if any): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
[Material features of 
the 
Subscription 
Agreement (if any): 
[●]  
(Include the quotas and, where not all of 
the Issue is underwritten, a statement of 
the portion not covered)]42  
 
(iv) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/Give name(s)] 
3. 
 
If non-syndicated, name [and 
address]43 of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/Give name] 
4. 
Intermediary(ies) in secondary 
trading 
[Not Applicable / Give name and address 
of the entity(ies) which has(ve) a firm 
commitment to act as intermediary(ies) in 
secondary 
trading, 
providing 
liquidity 
through bid and offer rates and description 
of the main terms of its(their) commitment] 
5. 
 
[Total commission and 
concession: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount.]44 
(Indicate the overall amount of the 
underwriting commission and of the 
placing commission, as applicable) 
6. 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [2]; TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable]45 
7. 
 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail 
Investors 
under 
the 
PRIIPs Regulation: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products under the PRIIPs 
Regulation, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products under the PRIIPs 
Regulation 
and 
no 
key 
information 
                                                
41 Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least EUR100,000.  
42 Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least EUR100,000. 
43 Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least EUR100,000. 
44 Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least EUR100,000. 
45 TEFRA rules are not applicable to debt securities of a maturity of less than one year.

--- Page 386 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
386 
document 
(KID) 
will 
be 
prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.)] 
 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail investors under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation 
and 
no 
key 
information 
document 
(KID) 
will 
be 
prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.)] 
8. 
 
Additional Selling Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable / Give details] 
[For Taiwan, Republic of China include this 
wording in addition to the general selling 
restriction: The Notes, if listed on the 
Taipei Exchange for sale to professional or 
general investors in the Republic of China 
(the “ROC”), may be sold in the ROC to all 
professional or general investors, as 
applicable, or, if not listed in the ROC, the 
Notes may be made available (i) to 
investors in the ROC through licensed 
ROC financial institutions to the extent 
permitted under relevant ROC laws and 
regulations; (ii) to the Offshore Banking 
Units of ROC Banks purchasing the Notes 
either for their proprietary account or in 
trust for their non-ROC trust clients; (iii) the 
Offshore 
Securities 
Units 
of 
ROC 
securities firms purchasing the Notes 
either for their proprietary account, in trust 
for their trust clients or as agent for their 
brokerage 
clients; 
(iv) 
the 
Offshore 
Insurance 
Units 
of 
ROC 
Insurance 
companies purchasing the Notes for their 
proprietary account or in connection with 
the 
issuance 
of 
investment 
linked 
insurance policies to non-ROC policy 
holders; or (v) outside of the ROC to ROC 
resident investors for purchase by such 
investors outside the ROC, but may not, 
otherwise be offered, sold or resold in the 
ROC. 
The Notes will only be sold in accordance 
with the ROC selling restrictions in the 
preceding 
paragraph 
and 
may 
not, 
otherwise be offered, sold or resold.]

--- Page 387 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
387 
[For Taiwan, Republic of China and in 
relation to the listing of international bonds 
on the Taipei Exchange only, the general 
selling restriction is to be replaced with the 
following: The Notes have not been, and 
shall not be, offered, sold or re-sold, 
directly or indirectly, in the ROC, to 
investors 
other 
than 
“professional 
investors” as defined under Article 2-1 of 
the Rules Governing Management of 
Foreign 
Currency 
Denominated 
International 
Bonds 
of 
the 
Taipei 
Exchange. Purchasers of the Notes are 
not permitted to sell or otherwise dispose 
the Notes except by transfer to the 
abovementioned professional investors.]  
9. 
 
[Non-Exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the Notes may 
be made by [the Dealers/Managers] [[and] 
[specify other, if applicable]] (each an 
“Authorised Offeror”) in circumstances 
where there is no exemption from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus under 
the Prospectus Regulation (a “Non-
Exempt Offer”) in France (the “Non-
Exempt Offer Jurisdiction”) during the 
period from [specify date] until [specify 
date] (the “Offer Period”). See further 
details in Paragraph 10 of Part B below. 
10. 
 
Specific Consent: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
11. 
 
General Consent: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
10.  [TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER] 
(i) 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][specify] 
(ii) 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(iii) 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/give details including the 
time 
period, 
and 
any 
possible 
amendments, during which the offer will be 
open] 
(iv) 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give detail]  
(v) 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(vi) 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 388 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
388 
(vii) 
Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(viii) 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, negotiability of subscription 
rights and treatment of subscription 
rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(ix) 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved 
for certain countries: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(x) 
Process for notification to applicants of 
the amount allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(xi) 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(xii) 
Consent of the Issuer to use the Base 
Prospectus during the Offer Period:  
[Not Applicable/Applicable with respect to 
any Authorised Offeror specified below] 
(xiii) 
Authorised Offeror(s) in the various 
countries where the offer takes place: 
[Not Applicable / If Specific Consent is 
applicable, specify name(s), address(es) 
and, if any, Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of 
the financial intermediary(ies) appointed by 
the Issuer to act as Authorised Offeror(s) / 
If General Consent is applicable, specify 
any financial intermediary which satisfies 
the conditions set out below in item 
“Conditions attached to the consent of the 
Issuer to use the Base Prospectus”] 
(xiv) 
Conditions attached to the consent of 
the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus: 
[Not Applicable / Where the Issuer has 
given a General Consent to any financial 
intermediary to use the Base Prospectus, 
specify any additional conditions to those 
set out in the Base Prospectus or indicate 
“See conditions set out in the Base 
Prospectus”. Where Authorised Offeror(s) 
have been designated herein, specify any 
condition]46 
                                                
46 Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least EUR100,000.

--- Page 389 ---
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes 
389 
ANNEX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
[to be inserted if applicable]

--- Page 390 ---
390 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus. 
The net proceeds from the issues of Notes will (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) be used by 
the Issuer either:  
• 
in connection with its general funding requirements; or  
• 
in the case of “green bonds”, in an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds, to finance 
and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing eligible green assets (the “Eligible 
Green Assets”), as described in the relevant Final Terms and in the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework (as amended and supplemented from time to time) (the “Green Bond 
Framework”), such Notes being referred to as “Green Notes”; or  
• 
in the case of “social bonds”, in an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds, to finance 
and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing eligible social assets (the “Eligible 
Social Assets”), as described in the relevant Final Terms and in the Issuer’s Social Bond 
Framework (as amended and supplemented from time to time) (the “Social Bond 
Framework”), such Notes being referred to as “Social Notes”; or  
• 
as stated in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any particular issue of Notes for which 
there is a particular identified use of proceeds (other than as specified above).  
In relation to Green Notes, the Green Bond Framework is based on the Green Bond Principles 
published by the International Capital Markets Association in its 2018 edition (the “Green Bond 
Principles”) 
and 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(www.credit-
agricole.com/en/finance/finance/debt). It may be further updated or expanded to reflect updates to 
the Green Bond Principles and evolutions in the activities of the Crédit Agricole Group. The Green 
Bond Framework sets out categories of Eligible Green Assets which have been identified by the 
Issuer as part of priority activity sectors within the context of climate change mitigation.  
In relation to Social Notes, the Social Bond Framework is based on the Social Bond Principles 
published by the International Capital Markets Association in its 2020 edition (the “Social Bond 
Principles”) 
and 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(www.credit-
agricole.com/en/finance/finance/debt). It may be further updated or expanded to reflect updates to 
the Social Bond Principles and evolutions in the activities of the Crédit Agricole Group. The Social 
Bond Framework sets out categories of Eligible Social Assets which have been identified by the 
Issuer as part of priority activity sectors to achieve positive social impacts especially for target 
populations.  
The Issuer has appointed Vigeo Eiris (“Vigeo”) to provide second party opinions (the “Second Party 
Opinions”) on the Green Bond Framework and the Social Bond Framework, assessing their 
respective added value and alignment with the Green Bond Principles or the Social Bond Principles 
as applicable. These Second Party Opinions are available on the Issuer’s website (www.credit-
agricole.com/en/finance/finance/debt).  
The Issuer will publish annual reports on its website detailing:  
- 
the allocation of net Green Note income and the environmental impact of the Eligible Green 
Assets included in its green portfolio; and 
- 
the allocation of net Social Note income and the social impact of the Eligible Social Assets 
included in its social portfolio.

--- Page 391 ---
Use of Proceeds 
391 
In addition, the Issuer may communicate publicly in the event of substantial changes in the green 
portfolio or in the social portfolio. The Issuer will also have an external auditor providing limited 
assurance reports on the main features of its Green Notes and its Social Notes reportings for the 
purposes of the preparation of its universal registration document.

--- Page 392 ---
392 
TAXATION 
The tax legislation of investors’ home jurisdictions and of the Issuer’s jurisdiction of 
incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
The comments below are of a general nature and are not intended to be exhaustive. They are based 
upon laws, regulations, decrees, rulings, income tax conventions (treaties), administrative practice 
and judicial decisions in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Legislative, judicial or 
administrative changes or interpretations may, however, be forthcoming. Any such changes or 
interpretations could affect the tax consequences to Noteholders, possibly on a retroactive basis, 
and alter or modify the statements and conclusions set forth herein. This summary does not purport 
to be a legal opinion or to address all tax aspects that may be relevant to a Noteholder. Each 
prospective Noteholder is urged to consult its own tax advisor as to the particular tax consequences 
to such holder of the ownership of the Notes, including the applicability and effect of any other tax 
laws or tax treaties, of pending or proposed changes in applicable tax laws as of the date hereof and 
of any actual changes in applicable tax laws after such date. Only these advisors are in a position to 
duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor. 
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus.  
France Taxation  
The descriptions below are intended as a basic summary of certain withholding tax consequences 
that may be relevant in France to holders of Notes who do not concurrently hold shares of the Issuer. 
Persons who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult a professional tax adviser. 
The Undated Subordinated Notes are relatively novel instruments and contain a number of features 
that are not present in other securities issued regularly in the market. There is no judicial or 
administrative interpretation relating to the application of French tax laws and regulations to 
instruments such as the Undated Subordinated Notes. The Issuer will treat the Undated 
Subordinated Notes as debt instruments for French tax purposes. The discussion in this section is 
based on this treatment of the Undated Subordinated Notes. 
Withholding tax 
Notes issued by the Issuer other than those which are to be consolidated (assimilables for the 
purpose of French law) with Notes Issued before 1 March 2010 
Pursuant to Article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts, payments of interest and other 
revenues made by the Issuer on the Notes are not subject to withholding tax unless such payments 
are made outside of France in a non-cooperative State or territory within the meaning of Article 238-
0 A of the French Code général des impôts (a “Non-Cooperative State”), in which case a 75% 
withholding tax is applicable subject to exceptions, certain of which being set forth below, and to 
more favourable provisions of any applicable double tax treaty. The 75% withholding tax is applicable 
irrespective of the tax residence of the Noteholder. The list of Non-Cooperative States is published 
by a ministerial executive order, which may be updated at any time, and at least once a year. A law 
published on 24 October 2018 no. 2018-898 (i) removed the specific exclusion of the Member States 
of the European Union, (ii) expanded the list of Non-Cooperative States to include states and 
jurisdictions on the blacklist published by the Council of the European Union as amended from time 
to time, and (iii) as a consequence, expanded this withholding tax regime to certain states and 
jurisdictions included in such blacklist.

--- Page 393 ---
Taxation 
393 
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French Code général des impôts, interest and other 
revenues paid on such Notes will not be deductible from the Issuer's taxable income, if they are paid 
or accrued to persons domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid to a bank account 
opened in a financial institution located in such a Non-Cooperative State. The abovementioned law 
amending the list of Non-Cooperative States as described above expands this regime to all the states 
and jurisdictions included in the blacklist published by the Council of the European Union as 
amended from time to time.  
Under certain conditions, any such non-deductible interest or other revenues may be recharacterised 
as constructive dividends pursuant to Articles 109 et seq. of the French Code général des impôts, in 
which case such non-deductible interest and other revenues may be subject to the withholding tax 
set out under Article 119 bis 2 of the same Code, at a rate of (i) 26.5% for fiscal years opened on or 
after 1 January 2021 and 25% for fiscal years opened on or after 1 January 2022, for Noteholders 
who are non-French tax resident legal persons, (ii) 12.8% for Noteholders who are non-French tax 
resident individuals, in each case (x) unless payments are made in Non-Cooperative States (which 
include states and jurisdictions included in the blacklist published by the Council of the European 
Union as amended from time to time subject to certain limitations for the application of the withholding 
tax set forth in Article 119 bis 2 of the French Code général des impôts) in which case the withholding 
tax rate would be equal to 75% and (y) subject to certain exceptions and, to more favourable 
provisions of any applicable double tax treaty.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75% withholding tax provided by Article 125 A III of the 
French Code général des impôts, nor, to the extent the relevant interest or revenues relate to genuine 
transactions and is not in an abnormal or exaggerated amount, the non-deductibility of the interest 
and other revenues and the withholding tax set out under Article 119 bis 2 that may be levied as a 
result of such non-deductibility, will apply in respect of a particular issue of Notes provided that the 
Issuer can prove that the main purpose and effect of such issue of Notes are not that of allowing the 
payments of interest or other revenues to be made in a Non-Cooperative State (the "Exception").  
In addition, under French tax administrative guidelines (BOI-INT-DG-20-50-20 dated 24 February 
2021, no. 290 and BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 dated 24 February 2021, no. 150), an issue of Notes 
benefits from the Exception without the Issuer having to provide any evidence supporting the main 
purpose and effect of such issue of Notes, if such Notes are: 
(i) 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier or pursuant to an equivalent offer in a State other than a Non-
Cooperative State. For this purpose, an “equivalent offer” means any offer requiring the 
registration or submission of an offer document by or with a foreign securities market 
authority; or 
(ii) 
admitted to trading on a regulated market or on a French or foreign multilateral securities 
trading system provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative 
State, and the operation of such market is carried out by a market operator or an investment 
services provider, or by such other similar foreign entity, provided further that such market 
operator, investment services provider or entity is not located in a Non-Cooperative State; 
or  
(iii) 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities 
clearing and delivery and payments systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-
2 of the French Code monétaire et financier, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries 
or operators provided that such depositaries or operators are not located in a Non-
Cooperative State.

--- Page 394 ---
Taxation 
394 
Notes which are consolidated (assimilables for the purpose of French law) with Notes issued before 
1 March 2010 
Payments of interest and other revenues with respect to Notes issued on or after 1 March 2010 and 
which are consolidated (assimilables for the purpose of French law) and form a single series with 
Notes issued (or deemed issued) outside France as provided under Article 131 quater of the French 
Code général des impôts, before 1 March 2010, provided that their term has not been prorogated as 
from that date, will continue to be exempt from the withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of 
the French Code général des impôts. 
Notes issued before 1 March 2010 and whose term has not been prorogated as from that date, 
whether denominated in Euro or in any other currency, and constituting obligations under French 
law, or titres de créances négociables within the meaning of the French tax administrative guidelines 
(BOI-RPPM-RCM-30-10-30-30) dated 20 December 2019 or other debt securities issued under 
French or foreign law and considered by the French tax authorities as falling into similar categories, 
are deemed to be issued outside the Republic of France for the purpose of Article 131 quater of the 
French Code général des impôts, in accordance with the aforementioned administrative guidelines. 
In addition, interest and other revenues paid by the Issuer on Notes issued on or after 1 March 2010 
and which are to be consolidated (assimilables for the purpose of French law) and form a single 
series with Notes issued before 1 March 2010 will be subject neither to the non-deductibility set out 
under Article 238 A of the French Code général des impôts nor to the withholding tax set out in Article 
119 bis 2 of the French Code général des impôts solely on account of their being paid on a bank 
account opened in a financial institution located in a Non-Cooperative State or accrued or paid to 
persons established or domiciled in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Withholding tax applicable to French resident individuals 
Pursuant to Article 125 A of the French Code général des impôts (i.e., where the paying agent 
(établissement payeur) is established in France), subject to certain exceptions, interest and other 
similar income received by French tax resident individuals is subject to a 12.8% levy withheld at 
source, which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which the 
payment has been made. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) are also levied by 
way of withholding tax at an aggregate rate of 17.2% on interest paid to French tax resident 
individuals. Holders of Notes who are French tax resident individuals are urged to consult with their 
usual tax advisor on the way the 12.8% levy and the 17.2% social contributions are collected, where 
the paying agent is not established in France.  
Financial transaction tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s 
Proposal”) for a Directive for a common financial transaction tax (the “FTT”) in Austria, Belgium, 
Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Slovenia, Slovakia and Spain (the “Participating 
Member States”) and which, if enacted, could apply under certain circumstances to transactions 
involving the Notes. The issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.  
The mechanism by which the tax would be applied and collected is not yet known, but if the proposed 
directive or any similar tax is adopted, transactions in the Notes would be subject to higher costs, 
and the liquidity of the market for the Notes may be diminished.

--- Page 395 ---
Taxation 
395 
Following the lack of consensus in the negotiations on the Commission’s Proposal, the 
Participating Member States (excluding Estonia) and the scope of such tax is uncertain. 
Based on recent public statements, the Participating Member States (excluding Estonia) have 
agreed to continue negotiations on the basis of a proposal that would reduce the scope of 
the FTT and would only concern listed shares of European companies with a market 
capitalisation exceeding EUR 1 billion on 1 December of the year preceding the taxation year. 
According to this revised proposal, the applicable tax rate would not be less than 0.2%. Such 
proposal remains subject to change until a final approval and it may therefore be altered prior 
to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States 
may decide to participate and/or certain of the Participating Member States (excluding 
Estonia which already withdrew) may decide to withdraw. Prospective holders of Notes are 
advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the consequences of the FTT that 
could be associated with subscribing for, purchasing, holding and disposing of the Notes. 
UK Taxation 
The comments below are of a general nature based on current UK tax law (as applied in England) 
and HM Revenue and Customs (“HMRC”), in each case as at the latest practicable date before the 
date of this Base Prospectus, published practice (which may not be binding on HMRC) and are not 
intended to be exhaustive. They only apply to persons who are absolute beneficial owners of the 
Notes. The comments below do not necessarily apply where the income is deemed for tax purposes 
to be the income of any other person and may not apply to certain classes of person such as dealers 
or certain professional investors. Noteholders should be aware that the particular terms of issue of 
any particular Tranche of Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms may affect the tax treatment 
of that Tranche of Notes. Any Noteholders who are in doubt as to their own tax position, or who may 
be subject to tax in a jurisdiction other than the UK, should consult their professional advisers. 
Withholding tax on payments of interest on Notes issued by the Issuer acting through its London 
branch (“UK Notes”) 
References to “interest” in this section mean interest as understood for UK withholding tax purposes. 
Any redemption premium may be “interest” for these purposes, although the position will depend 
upon the particular terms and conditions. For Notes issued at a discount, the difference between the 
face value and the issue price will not generally be regarded as “interest” for these purposes. 
Whilst any UK Notes are and continue to be “quoted Eurobonds” within the meaning of Section 987 
of the Income Tax Act 2007 (the “Act”), payments of interest by the Issuer on those UK Notes may 
be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of UK income tax. UK Notes will 
constitute “quoted Eurobonds” provided that and so long as such UK Notes carry a right to interest 
and are and continue to be (i) listed on a “recognised stock exchange” (within the meaning of Section 
1005 of the Act), or (ii) admitted to trading on a “multilateral trading facility” (within the meaning of 
Section 987 of the Act) operated by a recognised stock exchange regulated in UK or the European 
Economic Area. Euronext Paris is a recognised stock exchange for these purposes. UK Notes will 
be treated as listed on Euronext Paris if they are both (i) admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and 
(ii) officially listed in France in accordance with provisions corresponding to those generally 
applicable in countries in the European Economic Area. 
If UK Notes are not, or cease to be, “quoted Eurobonds”, payments of interest by the Issuer on such 
UK Notes should nevertheless not be subject to withholding or deduction for or on account of UK 
income tax provided that and so long as, at the time of payment, the Issuer is a bank for the purposes 
of Section 991 of the Act and the interest is paid in the ordinary course of its business within the 
meaning of Section 878 of the Act.

--- Page 396 ---
Taxation 
396 
In cases other than those described above, payments of interest on UK Notes will generally be paid 
by the Issuer subject to deduction on account of UK income tax at the basic rate of 20%, subject to 
the availability of any other exemption or reliefs available under domestic law. 
Noteholders who are resident in jurisdictions outside the UK may also be able to receive payment 
free of deductions or subject to a lower rate of deduction under an applicable double taxation treaty 
provided that HMRC issues a direction to that effect to the Issuer. However, such a direction will only 
be issued on prior application to HMRC by the Noteholder in question. If such a direction is not in 
place at the time a payment of interest is made (and no other exemption or relief is available), the 
Issuer will be required to withhold tax, although a Noteholder who is entitled to relief under a double 
taxation treaty may subsequently be able to claim repayment of some or all of the amount withheld 
(depending upon the extent to which they are entitled to relief) from HMRC. 
Withholding tax on payments of interest on Notes issued by the Issuer directly (acting otherwise than 
through its London branch) 
Payments of interest on Notes issued by the Issuer directly (acting otherwise than through its London 
branch) may be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of UK income tax if such 
payments do not have a UK source. It is not currently expected that any such payments would have 
a UK source.  
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to FATCA, holders who hold Notes through foreign financial institutions (“FFIs”) may be 
required to provide information and tax documentation regarding their identities as well as the 
identities of their direct and indirect owners to the FFI. This information may be reported to revenue 
authorities, including the IRS. In addition, certain payments on Notes held in an account at either (i) 
a “non-participating foreign financial institution” (“NPFFI”) or (ii) an FFI to which the holder fails to 
provide certain requested information may be subject to withholding, to the extent such payments 
are treated as “foreign passthru payments.” Such payments may also be subject to withholding if 
made through an intermediary that is an NPFFI. Regulations implementing this rule have not yet 
been adopted or proposed and the IRS has indicated that any such regulations would not be effective 
for payments made prior to two years after the date on which final regulations on this issue are 
published. An NPFFI is an FFI that has not (i) entered into an agreement with the U.S. government 
to collect and provide to the U.S. tax authorities information about its direct and indirect U.S. 
accountholders (an “FFI agreement”) or alternatively (ii) complied with the terms of an applicable 
intergovernmental agreement between the United States and the jurisdiction in which such foreign 
financial institution operates, and does not otherwise qualify for an exception from the requirement 
to enter into an FFI agreement.   
FATCA withholding will not apply to payments on Notes that are issued prior to, and not materially 
modified on or after, the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations applicable 
to “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the Federal Register. Otherwise, payments on Notes 
held through an NPFFI or made to a holder who fails to provide an FFI with requested information, 
to the extent such payments are treated as “foreign passthru payments,” may be subject to 
withholding under FATCA or the relevant intergovernmental agreement. France, Luxembourg, and 
the UK have entered into intergovernmental agreements with the United States relating to FATCA 
((the “U.S.-France IGA”), (the “U.S.-Luxembourg IGA”), and (the “U.S.-UK IGA”), respectively). It 
is not entirely clear whether or to what extent the U.S.-France IGA, the U.S.-Luxembourg IGA or the 
U.S.-UK IGA or any other relevant intergovernmental agreement will relieve the Issuer or other FFIs 
through which payments on the Notes may be made from the obligation to withhold on “foreign 
passthru payments.” FATCA is particularly complex and its application to the Notes is uncertain at

--- Page 397 ---
Taxation 
397 
this time. Each prospective investor should consult its own tax adviser to obtain a more detailed 
explanation of FATCA and to learn how this legislation might affect such investor in its particular 
circumstances.

--- Page 398 ---
398 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement 
dated 12 April 2021 (as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated at the Issue Date of the 
relevant Notes, the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer and the Permanent Dealers, the Notes 
will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer 
has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent 
Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the 
time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer 
through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes 
to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more 
Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them. The Issuer has 
agreed to reimburse the Arrangers for certain of their expenses incurred in connection with the 
establishment of the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer 
and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that 
they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made 
to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold 
or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)  
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)  a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii)  a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii)  not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b)  
the expression an “offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 399 ---
Subscription and Sale 
399 
Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
Unless the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, solely for the purposes 
of the product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of any Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus has led to the conclusion that: 
(a)  
the target market for such Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each 
as defined in MiFID II; and 
(b)  
all channels for distribution of such Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of such Notes and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
If the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each EEA Member State, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in that EEA Member State except that it may make an Offer of Notes to the Public in that EEA 
Member State: 
(a)  by making an offer in circumstances where there is no exemption from the requirement to publish 
a prospectus under Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the date of publication of 
a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in 
that EEA Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another EEA Member State and 
notified to the competent authority in that EEA Member State, provided that any such prospectus 
has subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such offer, in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in 
such Prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use 
for the purpose of such offer; 
(b)  at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c)  at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d)  at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 400 ---
Subscription and Sale 
400 
UK 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold 
or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK.  
For the purposes of this provision:  
(a)    the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i)  a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii)  a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii)  not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b)   the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Consequently, no key information document required by the UK PRIIPs Regulation for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
Unless the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, solely for the purposes 
of the product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of any Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus has led to the conclusion that: 
(a)  
the target market for such Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each 
as defined in MiFID II as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b)  
all channels for distribution of such Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of such Notes and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
If the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, in relation to the UK, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further

--- Page 401 ---
Subscription and Sale 
401 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it 
may make an Offer of Notes to the Public in the UK: 
(a)  
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(b)  
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c)  
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. 
Other restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if the Issuer was not an 
authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any 
individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1.2° of the Belgian 
Code of Economic Law, that it has not offered, sold, resold, transferred or delivered, and will not 
offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, 
any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to 
the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any consumer within the meaning of Article I.1.2° of the Belgian 
Code of Economic Law. 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Accordingly, Notes are being offered and sold only (i) to QIBs in compliance with Rule 144A, (ii) to 
a limited number of Institutional Accredited Investors that, prior to their purchase of Section 4(a)(2) 
Notes, deliver to the Issuer and the Dealer from whom they purchase such Notes a letter containing

--- Page 402 ---
Subscription and Sale 
402 
certain representations and agreements and (iii) outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in 
“offshore transactions” within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Additionally, Notes should be offered and sold only to purchasers (A) that are not (i) employee benefit 
plans as described in Section 3(3) of Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended (“ERISA”) subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) a plan subject to Section 4975 of the Code, or (iii) 
a non-U.S. plan, governmental plan or a church plan which is subject to any non-U.S., federal, state 
or local law that is substantially similar to the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of 
the Code, or (iv) an entity whose assets are treated as assets of any plan described in (i), (ii) and 
(iii) above, or (B) whose acquisition, holding or disposition of Notes does not and will not constitute 
a prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or in the case of 
a non-U.S., governmental or church plan, any substantially similar provisions of any non-U.S., 
federal, state or local law) unless an exemption is available with respect to such transactions and all 
the conditions of such exemption have been satisfied. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by the Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the case of 
Bearer Notes, deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days 
after the completion of the distribution of an identifiable tranche of which such Notes are a part (the 
“Distribution Compliance Period”), as determined and certified to the Fiscal Agent by such Dealer 
(or, in the case of an identifiable tranche of Notes sold to or through more than one Dealer, by each 
of such Dealers with respect to Notes of an identifiable tranche purchased by or through it, in which 
case the Fiscal Agent shall notify such Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified), within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer 
to which it sells Notes during the Distribution Compliance Period (other than resales pursuant to Rule 
144A) a confirmation or other notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Notes, 
an offer or sale of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in 
the offering of such tranche of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with Rule 144A. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes outside the United States to non-U.S. persons and for the sale of the Notes in the United 
States in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and 
for the listing of Notes on Euronext Paris. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any 
offer to purchase in whole or in part, for any reason, or to sell less than the number of Notes which 
may be offered to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and to Institutional Accredited Investors. This Base 
Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States or to any U.S. person 
other than any QIB or any Institutional Accredited Investor to whom an offer has been made directly 
by one of the Dealers or an affiliate of one of the Dealers. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by 
any non-U.S. person outside the United States or by any QIB or any Institutional Accredited Investor 
in the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States, other than 
any QIB, any Institutional Accredited Investor and those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-
U.S. person, QIB or Institutional Accredited Investor with respect thereto, is unauthorised and any

--- Page 403 ---
Subscription and Sale 
403 
disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. 
person or other person within the United States, other than to any QIB, any Institutional Accredited 
Investor and those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. person, QIB or Institutional 
Accredited Investor, is prohibited. 
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, 
directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws 
and regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, a “resident of Japan” means any person resident 
in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Hong Kong  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Notes other than (a) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (b) in 
other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in 
the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong 
Kong (the “C(WUUP)O”) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning 
of the C(WUUP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or 
have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the 
contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if 
permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes 
which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to 
“professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) and 
any rules made under that Ordinance. 
PRC 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that the Notes are not being offered or sold and may not 
be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the PRC (for such purposes, not including the Hong Kong 
Special Administrative Region, the Macau Special Administrative Region or Taiwan), except as 
permitted by applicable laws and regulations of the PRC. 
Australia  
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia 
(“Corporations Act”)) in relation to the Programme or any Notes has been, or will be, lodged with 
ASIC.  Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it:

--- Page 404 ---
Subscription and Sale 
404 
a) has not made or invited, and will not make or invite, an offer of the Notes for issue or sale in 
Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
 
b) has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, any prospectus or any other 
offering material or advertisement relating to any Notes in Australia, 
unless:  
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree is at least A$500,000 (or its equivalent 
in an alternate currency, in either case, disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its 
associates) and the offer or invitation does not otherwise require disclosure to investors 
under Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Corporations Act;  
(ii) 
the offer or invitation does not constitute an offer to a “retail client” as defined for the 
purposes of section 761G of the Corporations Act;  
(iii) such action complies with any applicable laws and directives in Australia; and 
(iv) such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC. 
Canada 
No prospectus in relation to the securities has been filed with the securities regulatory authority in 
any province or territory of Canada.  Neither this Base Prospectus, nor any other offering material or 
any Final Terms are, and under no circumstances are to be construed as, an advertisement or a 
public offering of the securities in Canada.  Each Dealer acknowledges that the securities have not 
been and will not be qualified for sale under the securities laws of Canada or any province or territory 
of Canada.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or distributed, and will not offer, 
sell or distribute, any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
thereof other than in compliance with the applicable securities laws of Canada or any province or 
territory of Canada. Notes offered in Canada may be subject to additional Canadian selling 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree.  Each Dealer will be required to agree 
that it will offer, sell or distribute such Notes only in compliance with such additional Canadian selling 
restrictions and each Dealer acknowledges and agrees that it will offer, sell or distribute such Notes 
only pursuant to an exemption from the requirement to file a prospectus in the province or territory 
of Canada in which such offer, sale or distribution is made. Each Dealer also represents and agrees 
that it has not and will not distribute or deliver this Base Prospectus, or any other offering material or 
any Final Terms in connection with any offering of the Notes in Canada other than in compliance 
with the applicable securities laws in Canada or any province or territory thereof.  
Taiwan, Republic of China (ROC) 
The Notes, if listed on the Taipei Exchange for sale to professional or general investors in Taïwan, 
the ROC, may be sold in the ROC to all professional or general investors, as applicable, or, if not 
listed in the ROC, may be made available (i) to investors in the ROC through licensed ROC financial 
institutions to the extent permitted under relevant ROC laws and regulations; (ii) to the Offshore 
Banking Units of the ROC Banks purchasing the Notes either for their proprietary account or in trust 
for their non-ROC trust clients; (iii) the Offshore Securities Units of the ROC securities firms 
purchasing the Notes either for their proprietary account, in trust for their trust clients or as agent for 
their brokerage clients; (iv) the Offshore Insurance Units of ROC Insurance companies purchasing 
the Notes for their proprietary account or in connection with the issuance of investment linked 
insurance policies to non-ROC policy holders; or (v) outside of the ROC to ROC resident investors

--- Page 405 ---
Subscription and Sale 
405 
for purchase by such investors outside the ROC, but may not, otherwise be offered, sold or resold 
in the ROC. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been, and will not be, registered 
as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore, and the Notes will be offered pursuant to 
exemptions under the SFA. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and 
agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell the Notes nor make the Notes the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase, nor will it circulate or distribute this Base Prospectus, 
Final Terms or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore 
other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with 
the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the 
Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018 of Singapore or (iii) otherwise 
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased in reliance of an exemption under Section 274 or 275 
of the SFA, the Notes shall not be sold within the period of six (6) months from the date of the initial 
acquisition of the Notes, except to any of the following persons: 
(i) 
an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA);  
(ii) 
a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA); or 
(iii) 
any person pursuant to an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) of the SFA, 
unless expressly specified otherwise in Section 276(7) of the SFA or Regulation 37A of the Securities 
and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned 
by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) 
of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall 
not be transferable within six (6) months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes 
pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) to an institutional investor or to a relevant person as defined in Section 275(2) of the 
SFA, or (in the case of such corporation) where the transfer arises from an offer referred 
to in Section 276(3)(i)(B) of the SFA or (in the case of such trust) where the transfer 
arises from an offer referred to in Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(3) where the transfer is by operation of law;

--- Page 406 ---
Subscription and Sale 
406 
(4) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
(5) as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore. 
Any reference to the SFA is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore 
and a reference to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that 
term as modified or amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may 
be applicable at the relevant time. 
General 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, 
or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final 
Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus of any other offering material and neither 
the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.]

--- Page 407 ---
407 
SENIOR AND SUBORDINATED DEBT SECURITIES IN ISSUE 
Between 31 December 2020 and 31 March 2021, the Issuer’s (parent company only) “debt securities 
in issue”, for which the maturity date as of 31 March 2021 is more than one year, did not increase 
by more than €4,200 million, and “subordinated debt securities”, for which the maturity date as of 31 
March 2021 is more than one year, did not increase by more than €2,900 million.

--- Page 408 ---
408 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus. 
1. 
Authorisations and Approval  
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the Republic 
of France in connection with the establishment and update of the Programme. The Programme 
base currency was originally denominated in U.S. dollars. The Issuer decided to convert such 
base currency into Euro. The conversion of such base currency into Euro was authorised by a 
resolution of the Board of Directors (conseil d’administration) of the Issuer passed on 1 June 
2005. On 14 May 2008, the Board of Directors (conseil d’administration) of the Issuer set the 
limit of the Programme at Euro 75,000,000,000. The limit of the Programme has been 
increased by the Board of Directors (conseil d’administration) of the Issuer on 13 February 
2020 to Euro 80,000,000,000. On 10 February 2021, the Board of Directors (conseil 
d’administration) of the Issuer authorised the update of the Programme.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent 
authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
On 12 April 2022, this Base Prospectus, as supplemented (as the case may be), will expire 
and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, 
material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
In compliance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, application may also be made at 
the Issuer’s request for the notification of a certificate of approval to any competent authority 
of any EEA Member State. 
2. 
Ratings in connection with the Programme 
Standard & Poor’s assigns long and short-term Issuer Credit Ratings of A+/Negative outlook/A-
1 to Crédit Agricole S.A., Moody’s assigns an Issuer Rating of Aa3/Stable outlook/P-1 to Crédit 
Agricole S.A., and Fitch assigns long and short-term Issuer Default Ratings of A+/Negative 
outlook/F1 to Crédit Agricole S.A. Each of Standard & Poor's, Moody's, Fitch and Dominion 
Bond Rating Services (whose ratings with respect to the Issuer are incorporated by reference 
herein) is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. A rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. The credit ratings of the Issuer with respect to its long and 
short-term debt may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed in the section “Risk factors” of this Base Prospectus. Ratings can 
come under review at any time by rating agencies. Investors are invited to refer to the websites 
of the relevant rating agencies in order to have access to the latest ratings 
(www.standardandpoors.com, www.moodys.com, and www.fitchratings.com).

--- Page 409 ---
General Information 
409 
3. 
Significant change in the financial position or financial performance  
Except as disclosed in the Base Prospectus as supplemented (including the information 
incorporated by reference), in particular with respect to the Covid-19 crisis, there has been no 
significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or the Crédit 
Agricole Group since 31 December 2020. 
 
4. 
Material adverse change in the prospects  
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (including the information incorporated by 
reference) and in particular with respect to the Covid-19 epidemic that will have significant 
negative impacts on the world economy and following which the Issuer (which announced 
support measures for its corporate and individual customers during the crisis) expects impacts 
on its revenues, its result and its equity, there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Issuer or the Crédit Agricole Group since 31 December 2020. 
5. 
Litigation  
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (including the information incorporated by 
reference), there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings pending or, to the 
Issuer’s knowledge, threatened against the Issuer, or any subsidiary of the Crédit Agricole 
Group during the 12 months prior to the date hereof which may have or have had in the recent 
past a significant effect, in the context of the issue of the Notes, on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer or the Crédit Agricole Group taken as a whole. 
6. 
Conflict of Interest 
To the best of the Issuer’s knowledge, no potential conflicts of interest exist between the duties 
of the Chief Executive Officer, the Deputy Chief Executive Officers and the members of the 
Board of Directors towards the Issuer and any other obligations or private interests. If 
necessary, Article 2 of the Rules of Procedure of the Issuer’s Board of Directors and Article 7 
of the Directors’ Code of Conduct of the Issuer governs conflicts of interest for directors.  
7. 
Suitability of retail investors in respect with Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Retail investors are only eligible to subscribe for Senior Non-Preferred Notes if they possess 
sufficient knowledge and experience to be considered sophisticated investors and have 
sufficient financial capacity and an appropriate investment horizon and risk tolerance. 
8. 
Conditions for determining the price and amount of Notes 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
9. 
Yield of the Notes 
The yield in respect of each issue of Fixed Rate Notes will be calculated on the basis of the 
Issue Price using the following formula:  
 
 
Where: 
P is the Issue Price of the Notes; 
P= 
C 
(1-(1+r)-n) + A(1+r)-n 
r

--- Page 410 ---
General Information 
410 
C is the Interest Amount; 
A is the outstanding principal amount of Notes due on redemption; 
n is time to maturity in years; and 
r  is the yield. 
The yield is not an indication of future price. 
10. 
Benchmark Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes, Fixed to Floating Rate Notes and/or 
Resettable Notes may be calculated by reference to, one or more “benchmarks” for the 
purpose of the Benchmark Regulation as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. The registration 
status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, 
save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base 
Prospectus or the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator. 
11. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named in 
the relevant Final Terms, as the stabilisation manager(s) (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilisation Manager(s)) will undertake 
stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if 
begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) 
in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
12. 
Clearing systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear France systems. The Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1, boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42, avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. 
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
13. 
Limitations under United States income tax laws 
Each Note, in bearer form and any corresponding Receipt, Coupon or Talon will bear the 
following legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to 
limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in 
Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.”

--- Page 411 ---
General Information 
411 
14. 
Limitations of the service of process within the United States 
The Issuer is a limited company organised under the laws of the Republic of France. None of 
the directors and executive officers of the Issuer are residents of the United States, and all or 
a substantial portion of the assets of the Issuer and such persons are located outside the 
United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process 
within the United States upon the Issuer or such persons or to enforce against any of them in 
the United States courts judgments obtained in United States courts, including judgments 
predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any 
State or territory within the United States. 
15. 
Availability of documents 
Copies of the audited consolidated and non-consolidated accounts of the Issuer and the 
audited consolidated accounts of the Crédit Agricole Group, in each case, for the two most 
recent financial years, the bylaws (statuts) of the Issuer, the Final Terms and this Base 
Prospectus (including the Documents Incorporated by Reference and any supplement hereto) 
are available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and/or on the website of the 
Issuer (www.credit-agricole.com), and may be obtained at the specified offices of each of the 
Paying Agents during normal business hours so long as any of the Notes is outstanding. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the ICSDs Agreement and the Deed of Covenant can either, 
at the discretion of the Paying Agents, (i) be obtained by the Noteholders, upon demand to the 
Paying Agents, or (ii) be made available to the Noteholders for inspection at the specified 
offices of each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours so long as any of the Notes 
is outstanding. In addition, provisions of the Agency Agreement relating to meetings of holders 
of English Law Notes are published on the website of the Issuer (https://www.credit-
agricole.com/pdfPreview/187729). 
16. 
Statutory auditors of the Issuer 
Ernst & Young et Autres and PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit (joint independent statutory 
auditors) have audited the consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer for the two most recent financial years and the consolidated financial statements of the 
Crédit Agricole Group for the two most recent financial years. Ernst & Young et Autres and 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit belong to the Compagnie régionale des Commissaires aux 
comptes de Versailles et du Centre. 
17. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI) of the Issuer 
 
The legal entity identifier of the Issuer is 969500TJ5KRTCJQWXH05. 
 
18. 
Issuer’s website 
 
The website of the Issuer is www.credit-agricole.com. The information on such website does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless that information is incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus, and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
19. 
Forward-looking statements 
This Base Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, “forward-looking 
statements”. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking 
terminology, including the terms “target”, “believes”, “estimates”, “plans”, “projects”,

--- Page 412 ---
General Information 
412 
“anticipates”, “expects”, “intends”, “may”, “will” or “should” or, in each case, their negative or 
other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans, objectives, 
goals, future events or intentions. These forward-looking statements include all matters that 
are not historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this Base Prospectus 
and include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the Issuer’s, the Crédit Agricole S.A. 
Group’s or the Crédit Agricole Group’s intentions, beliefs or current expectations concerning, 
among other things, the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group’s or the Crédit Agricole Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial position, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies and the banking 
sector. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to 
future events and circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future 
performance and the actual results of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group’s operations, financial 
position and liquidity, and the development of the markets in which the Crédit Agricole S.A. 
Group or the Crédit Agricole Group operate, may differ materially from those described in, or 
suggested by, the forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus. In addition, 
even if the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group’s results of operations, financial position and liquidity, 
and the development of the markets and the industries in which the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group 
operates, are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Base 
Prospectus, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments 
in subsequent periods. A number of risks, uncertainties and other factors could cause results 
and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking 
statements.  
Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any 
forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus reflect the Issuer’s, the Crédit Agricole 
S.A. Group’s or the Crédit Agricole Group’s current view with respect to future events and are 
subject to risks relating to future events and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating 
to the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group’s or the Crédit Agricole Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial position, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies and the banking sector. 
Investors should specifically consider the factors identified in this Base Prospectus, which 
could cause actual results to differ, before making an investment decision. Subject to all 
relevant laws, regulations or listing rules, the Issuer undertakes no obligation publicly to release 
the result of any revisions to any forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus that may 
occur due to any change in the Issuer’s expectations or to reflect events or circumstances after 
the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 413 ---
413 
GLOSSARY 
“1988 Guarantee” has the meaning given in the section Information about the Issuer and the Crédit 
Agricole Group of the Base Prospectus. 
“20 August 2015 Decree Law” means the French decree-law No. 2015-1024 dated 20 August 2015 
(Ordonnance portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union 
européenne en matière financière) ratified on 9 December 2016 (Loi relative à la transparence, à la 
lutte contre la corruption et à la modernisation de la vie économique), as amended or replaced from 
time to time. 
“21 December 2020 Decree Law” means the French decree-law No. 2020-1636 dated 21 December 
2020 (Ordonnance relative au régime de résolution dans le secteur bancaire), as amended and 
replaced from time to time. 
“2019 URD” has the meaning given in the section Documents Incorporated by Reference of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“2020 URD” has the meaning given in the section Documents Incorporated by Reference of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“2022 Medium Term Plan Press Release” has the meaning given in the section Documents 
Incorporated by Reference of the Base Prospectus. 
“Amendment A.01 to the 2019 URD” has the meaning given in the section Documents Incorporated 
by Reference of the Base Prospectus. 
“Amendment A.01 to the 2020 URD” has the meaning given in the section Documents Incorporated 
by Reference of the Base Prospectus. 
“Account Holder” means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts, 
directly or indirectly, on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France and includes Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
“ACPR” refers to the French Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution. 
“Act” has the meaning given in the section Taxation - UK Taxation of the Base Prospectus. 
“Affected Payment Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Agency Agreement” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Agents” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as 
applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Alternate Appointed Representative” has the meaning given in Condition 11(a) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Alternative Clearing System” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law Notes 
of the Base Prospectus. 
“Amounts Due” has the meaning given in Condition 19 of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or in Condition 17 of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 414 ---
Glossary 
414 
“AMF” refers to the French Autorité des marchés financiers. 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” has the meaning given in Condition 6(k) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 6(k) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated 
Maturity. 
“Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations” has the meaning given in Condition 6(k) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 6(k) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Appointed Representatives” has the meaning given in Condition 11(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Approved Intermediary” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law Notes of 
the Base Prospectus. 
“Arranger” means Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank.  
“ASIC” means the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. 
“Assembly” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled Return on the Notes may be limited or 
delayed by the insolvency of the Issuer in the section Risk Factors of the Base Prospectus. 
“Authorised Offeror” has the meaning given in the section Conditions attached to the consent of 
the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus of the Base Prospectus. 
“Authorised Offeror Terms” has the meaning given in the section Conditions attached to the 
consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus of the Base Prospectus. 
“Bail-in Tool” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“Bank Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Base Prospectus” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“Bearer Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 1(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Benchmark” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled Changes in the method by which 
LIBOR, EURIBOR or other Benchmarks are determined, or the discontinuation of any benchmark, 
may adversely affect the rate of interest on or value of Benchmark Notes in the section Risk Factors 
of the Base Prospectus. 
“Benchmark Event” has the meaning given in Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Benchmark Notes” has the meaning given in the section Risk Factors of the Base Prospectus. 
“Benchmark Regulation” has the meaning given in the section Risk Factors of the Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 415 ---
Glossary 
415 
“Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Broken Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“BRRD” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“BRRD II” means the BRRD, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by the BRRD 
Revision) or, as the case may be, any implementation provision under French law. 
“BRRD Revision” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of 
credit institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“Brussels I Recast Regulation” has the meaning given in the section Important Notices of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Business Center” means the business center specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
center for that currency (which, in the case of Renminbi, shall be Hong Kong); and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a “TARGET Business 
Day”); and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centers, a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
such currency in the Business Centers or, if no currency is specified, generally in each of the 
Business Centers. 
“Calculation Agent(s)” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes or the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus, unless otherwise 
specified in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
“Calculation Amount” means an amount specified in the relevant Final Terms constituting either (i) 
in the case of one single Specified Denomination, the amount of that Specified Denomination (e.g., 
EUR 100,000) or (ii) in the case of multiple Specified Denominations, the highest common amount 
by which these multiple Specified Denominations may be divided (e.g., EUR 1,000 in the case of 
EUR 101,000, EUR 102,000 and EUR 105,000), in both cases, as may be adjusted from time to time 
to take into account the outstanding amount of the Notes. 
“Capital Event” has the meaning given in Condition 6(d) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or in Condition 6(d) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Capital Instruments” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled The Notes may be subject to 
mandatory write-down or conversion to equity under European and French laws relating to bank 
recovery and resolution in the section Risk Factors of the Base Prospectus. 
“CDR” means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 241/2014 of 7 January 2014 
supplementing Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 with regard to regulatory technical standards for own

--- Page 416 ---
Glossary 
416 
funds and requirements for institutions (Capital Delegated Regulation), as amended or replaced from 
time to time. 
“Chairman” has the meaning given in Condition 11(c) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Clean-up Percentage” has the meaning given in Condition 6(f) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or in Condition 6(f) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Clearing Systems” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law Notes of the 
Base Prospectus. 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking, S.A. (42, Avenue J.F Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg, Luxembourg). 
“CMS Linked Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 5(f) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(f) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus.  
“CMS Rate”, “CMS Rate1” and “CMS Rate2” have the meaning given in Condition 5(f) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(f) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“CMS Rate Determination Agent” has the meaning given in Condition 5(f) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(f) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“CMT Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a)(ii) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a)(ii) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“CMT Rate Maturity” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a)(ii) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a)(ii) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“CMT Rate Screen Page” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a)(ii) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a)(ii) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“CNCA” has the meaning given in the section Information about the Issuer and the Crédit Agricole 
Group of the Base Prospectus. 
“COBS” has the meaning given in the section Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes and Form 
of Final Terms for French Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Code” has the meaning given in Condition 8(d) of the section Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or in Condition 7(d) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as 
applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Collective Decisions” has the meanings given in Condition 11 of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the French Law Notes of the Base Prospectus, as applicable. 
“Commission’s Proposal” has the meaning given in the section Taxation - France Taxation of the 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 417 ---
Glossary 
417 
“Common Depositary” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law Notes or in 
the section Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of French Law Materialised Bearer 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Common Safekeeper” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law Notes of the 
Base Prospectus. 
“Conditional Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in Condition 5(f) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(f) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Conditions” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Consolidated Financial Statements 2019 for the Crédit Agricole Group” has the meaning given 
in the section Documents Incorporated by Reference of the Base Prospectus. 
“Consolidated Financial Statements 2019 for the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group” has the meaning 
given in the section Documents Incorporated by Reference of the Base Prospectus. 
“Corresponding Tenor” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Corporations Act” has the meaning given in the section Subscription and Sale – Australia of the 
Base Prospectus. 
“Couponholders” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Coupons” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and in Condition 1(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“CPI” has the meaning given in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as 
applicable, of the Base Prospectus 
"CRA Regulation" has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“CRD IV” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“CRD IV Directive” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of 
credit institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“CRD IV Directive Revision” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and 
regulation of credit institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“CRD V” means, taken together, (i) the CRD V Directive and (ii) the CRR II Regulation. 
“CRD V Directive” means the CRD IV Directive, as amended or replaced from time to time (including 
by the CRD IV Directive Revision), or, as the case may be, any implementation provision under 
French law). 
“Crédit Agricole Group” has the meaning given in the section Information about the Issuer and the 
Crédit Agricole Group of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 418 ---
Glossary 
418 
“Crédit Agricole Network” has the meaning given in the section Information about the Issuer and 
the Crédit Agricole Group of the Base Prospectus. 
“Crédit Agricole S.A. Group” has the meaning given in the section Information about the Issuer 
and the Crédit Agricole Group of the Base Prospectus. 
“CRR Regulation” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of 
credit institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“CRR II Regulation” means the CRR Regulation, as amended or replaced from time to time 
(including by the CRR Revision). 
“CRR Revision” means Regulation (EU) No 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (2013/575) of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds 
and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, 
exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. 
“CVA” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“C(WUUP)O” has the meaning given in the section Subscription and Sale – Hong Kong of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“day” means, unless otherwise provided for, a calendar day. 
“Day Count Fraction” has the meaning given in Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Dealer” means all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as dealers in respect of one or 
more Tranches. 
“Dealer Agreement” has the meaning given in the section Subscription and Sale - Summary of 
Dealer Agreement of the Base Prospectus. 
“Deed of Covenant” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Definitive Bearer Notes” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law Notes of 
the Base Prospectus. 
“Definitive Notes” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 1(a) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Definitive Registered Notes” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law Notes 
of the Base Prospectus. 
“Dematerialised Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 1(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Designated Maturity” has the meaning given to this term in the ISDA Definitions. 
“Determination Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 419 ---
Glossary 
419 
“Determination Period” has the meaning given in Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Distribution Compliance Period” has the meaning given in the section Subscription and Sale – 
United States of the Base Prospectus. 
“distributor” has the meaning given in the section Subscription and Sale – Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors of the Base Prospectus. 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference” has the meaning given in the section Documents 
Incorporated by Reference of the Base Prospectus. 
“DTC” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“DTC business day” means any day on which DTC is open for business. 
“DTC Paying Agent” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Early Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 6(l) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 6(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Early Termination Event” has the meaning given in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“EBA” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“ECB” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“ECB Recommended Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” has the meaning given in Condition 
5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the 
section Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism” has the meaning given in the section Government 
supervision and regulation of credit institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“ECB’s Website” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“EDFR” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as 
applicable, of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 420 ---
Glossary 
420 
“EDFR Spread” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“EEA” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“EEA Member State” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“Electronic Consent” has the meaning given in Condition 11(a) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the French Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Eligible Green Assets” has the meaning given in the section Use of Proceeds of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Eligible Social Assets” has the meaning given in the section Use of Proceeds of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“English Law Notes” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“ERISA” has the meaning given in the section Subscription and Sale – United States of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“ESRB” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“EU Taxonomy” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled Risks related to Green Notes and 
Social Notes in the section Risk Factors of the Base Prospectus. 
“EURIBOR” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled Changes in the method by which LIBOR, 
EURIBOR or other Benchmarks are determined, or the discontinuation of any benchmark, may 
adversely affect the rate of interest on or value of Benchmark Notes in the section Risk Factors of 
the Base Prospectus. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV (1, Boulevard du roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium). 
“Euroclear France” means Euroclear France S.A. (66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France). 
“EUWA” has the meaning given in the section Important Notices of the Base Prospectus. 
“€STR” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as 
applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“€STR Replacement Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“€STR Screen Page” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Exception” has the meaning given in the section Taxation – France Taxation of the Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 421 ---
Glossary 
421 
“Exchange Act” has the meaning given in the section Important Notices of the Base Prospectus. 
“Exchange Agent” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Exchange Date” means, as applicable: 
a. 
with respect to English Law Notes: 
(i) in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 days after its 
issue date; and 
(ii) in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, or in the case 
of an exchange for Registered Notes five days, or in the case of failure to pay principal in 
respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which the notice requiring exchange 
is given, and 
in either case, which day shall be one on which banks are open for business in the city in which 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant Clearing 
System is located. 
b. 
with respect to French Law Materialised Bearer Notes, in relation to a Temporary Global 
Certificate, the day falling after the expiry of 40 days after its issue date, provided that, in the 
event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition 13 of 
the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, the Exchange Date shall be 
postponed to the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after the issue of such 
further Materialised Notes. 
“Excluded Sections” has the meaning given in the section Documents Incorporated by Reference 
of the Base Prospectus. 
“Exercise Notice” has the meaning given in Condition 6(g) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or in Condition 6(g) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“FATCA” has the meaning given in Condition 8(d) of the section Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or in Condition 7(d) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes as 
applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“FBF” means the Fédération Bancaire Française. 
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
transactions on forward financial instruments (as supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs 
Techniques) as published by the FBF (together the “FBF Master Agreement”). 
“FBF Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“FCA” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled Changes in the method by which LIBOR, 
EURIBOR or other Benchmarks are determined, or the discontinuation of any benchmark, may 
adversely affect the rate of interest on or value of Benchmark Notes in the section Risk Factors of 
the Base Prospectus. 
“FFIs” has the meaning given in the section Taxation - United States Taxation - Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act of the Base Prospectus. 
“Final Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 6(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 6(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 422 ---
Glossary 
422 
“Final Terms” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“Financial Center” means the financial center specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Financial Instruments and Exchange Act” has the meaning given in the section Subscription and 
Sale – Japan of the Base Prospectus. 
“First Margin” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“First Reset Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“First Reset Period” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Fiscal Agent” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Fitch” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Fixed / Floating Rate Notes” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the Condition 
5 of the section Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in the introductory paragraph of 
the Condition 5 of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes as applicable, of the 
Base Prospectus. 
“Fixed Rate Notes” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of Condition 5 of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in the introductory paragraph of Condition 5 of 
the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Fixed Rate Resettable Note” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Floating Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Floating Rate Business Day Convention” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Floating Rate Determination Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Floating Rate Notes” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the Condition 5 of the 
section Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in the introductory paragraph of the

--- Page 423 ---
Glossary 
423 
Condition 5 of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Floating Rate Option” has the meaning given to this term in the ISDA Definitions. 
“Following Business Day Convention” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“French Law Notes” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“French Withholding” has the meaning given in Condition 9(a) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or in Condition 8(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“FSB” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“FSB TLAC Term Sheet” has the meaning given in Condition 6(c) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 6(c) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“FSMA” has the meaning given in the section Subscription and Sale – UK of the Base Prospectus. 
“FTT” has the meaning given in the section Taxation – France Taxation of the Base Prospectus. 
“fully-loaded ratio” means a ratio that fully takes into account regulatory requirements that are to 
be phased in during future periods, and that therefore are not currently applicable. 
“G-SIBs” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“Gearing Factor” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“General Consent” has the meaning given in paragraph 2 of the section Conditions attached to the 
consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus of the Base Prospectus. 
“General Meeting” has the meanings given in Condition 11 of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes of the Base Prospectus, as applicable. 
“Global Certificates” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law Notes of the 
Base Prospectus. 
“Global Notes” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law Notes of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Governmental Authority” has the meaning given in Condition 8 of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 7 of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Green Bond Framework” has the meaning given in the section Use of Proceeds of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Green Bond Principles” has the meaning given in the section Use of Proceeds of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Green Notes” has the meaning given in the section Use of Proceeds of the Base Prospectus. 
“Gross-Up Event” has the meaning given in Condition 6(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or in Condition 6(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 424 ---
Glossary 
424 
“Guarantee Fund” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled If the Guarantee Fund proves 
insufficient to restore liquidity and solvency of any network member or affiliate that may encounter 
future financial difficulty, the Issuer may be required to contribute additional funds and, in an extreme 
case, the Noteholders may suffer material adverse financial consequences in the section Risk 
Factors of the Base Prospectus. 
“Hague Convention” has the meaning given in the section Important Notices of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“HCSF” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“HICP” has the meaning given in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes as 
applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“HMRC” has the meaning given in the section Taxation – UK Taxation of the Base Prospectus. 
“ICSDs” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“ICSDs Agreement” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Illiquidity” has the meaning given in Condition 8 of the section Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or in Condition 7 of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes as 
applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Inconvertibility” has the meaning given in Condition 8 of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or in Condition 7 of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Index” or “Index Level” has the meaning given in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Inflation Indices” has the meaning given in paragraph 3.3.9 of the section Risk Factors of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Inflation Linked Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 5(f) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(f) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“INSEE” means the French Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques. 
“Instalment Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 6(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or in Condition 6(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Institutional Accredited Investors” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Interest Accrual Period” has the meaning given in Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 425 ---
Glossary 
425 
“Interest Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Interest Commencement Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Interest Payment Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified. 
“Interest Period” has the meaning given in Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Interest Period Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“International Central Securities Depositaries” has the meaning given in the introductory 
paragraph of the section Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Investor's Currency” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled Foreign currency notes 
expose Investors to foreign-exchange risk as well as to issuer risk in the section Risk Factors of the 
Base Prospectus. 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes of the relevant Series. 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“ISDA Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) or Condition 5(f) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) or Condition 5(f) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“ISDA Spread Adjustment” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in Condition 1(c) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or in Condition 1(d) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Issuer” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“Issuing Agent” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 426 ---
Glossary 
426 
“LCR” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“LIBOR” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled Changes in the method by which LIBOR, 
EURIBOR or other Benchmarks are determined, or the discontinuation of any benchmark, may 
adversely affect the rate of interest on or value of Benchmark Notes in the section Risk Factors of 
the Base Prospectus. 
“Local Banks” has the meaning given in the section Information about the Issuer and the Crédit 
Agricole Group of the Base Prospectus. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 6(l) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 6(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Margin” has the meaning given in Condition 6(l) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 6(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 6(l) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 6(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Margin” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Masse” has the meanings given in Condition 11 of the section Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes of the Base Prospectus, as applicable. 
“Materialised Bearer Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 1(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Materialised Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 1(a) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the French Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in Condition 1(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or in Condition 1(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Mid-Swap Maturity” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Mid-Swap Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus.  
“Mid-Swap Rate Determination Agent” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section

--- Page 427 ---
Glossary 
427 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“MiFID II” has the meaning given in the section Important Notices of the Base Prospectus. 
“MiFID II Product Governance Rules” has the meaning given in the section Important Notices of 
the Base Prospectus. 
“Modified EDFR” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the 
section Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Moody’s” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“MREL” has the meaning given in Condition 6(c) of the section Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or in Condition 6(c) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as 
applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event” has the meaning given in Condition 6(c) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 6(c) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“MREL/TLAC Eligible Instrument” has the meaning given in Condition 6(c) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 6(c) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“New Global Notes” or “NGN(s)” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Non-consolidated Financial Statements 2019 for Crédit Agricole S.A.” has the meaning given 
in the section Documents Incorporated by Reference of the Base Prospectus. 
“Non-Cooperative State” has the meaning given in the section Taxation – France Taxation of the 
Base Prospectus. 
“Non-Exempt Offer” has the meaning given in paragraph 1 of the section Conditions attached to 
the consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus of the Base Prospectus. 
“Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction” has the meaning given in paragraph 1 of the section Conditions 
attached to the consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus of the Base Prospectus. 
“Non-Transferability” has the meaning given in Condition 8 of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or in Condition 7 of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Noteholder” has the meaning given in Condition 1(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or in Condition 1(c) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Notes” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
“NPFFI” has the meaning given in the section Taxation - United States Taxation - Foreign Account 
Tax Compliance Act of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 428 ---
Glossary 
428 
“NSFR” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“NSS” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“NY Federal Reserve” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
“NY Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of the NY Federal Reserve, currently at 
www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the NY Federal Reserve or the website of any 
successor administrator of SOFR. 
“O-SIBs” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“Offer of Notes to the Public” means, in relation to any Notes in any Relevant State, the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
“Offer Period” has the meaning given in paragraph 1 of the section Conditions attached to the 
consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus of the Base Prospectus. 
“Optional Redemption Amount” means the optional redemption amount of the relevant Notes as 
determined in accordance with Condition 6(m) of the section Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or Condition 6(m) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes as 
applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations” has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 3(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“outstanding” has the meaning given in Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Paris Paying Agent” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Participating Member States” has the meaning given in the section Taxation – France Taxation of 
the Base Prospectus. 
“Paying Agents” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“PEPP” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“Permanent Dealers” means Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and such additional 
persons that are appointed as Dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment 
has not been terminated). 
“permanent Global Note” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law Notes of 
the Base Prospectus. 
“PRC” has the meaning given in Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes as 
applicable, of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 429 ---
Glossary 
429 
“phased ratio” means ratios taking into account regulatory requirements that are to be phased in 
during future periods, as and when they become applicable. 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
"PRIIPs Regulation" has the meaning given in the section Important Notices of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Primary Appointed Representative” has the meaning given in Condition 11(a) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Proceedings” has the meaning given in Condition 18(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Programme” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“Prospectus” has the meaning given in paragraph 1 of the section Conditions attached to the 
consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus of the Base Prospectus. 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129, as amended of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities 
are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive (EC) 
2003/71. 
“QIBs” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Qualifying Senior Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 7 of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Qualifying Subordinated Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 7 of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
"Rebased Index" has the meaning given in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Receiptholders” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Receipts” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and in Condition 1(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Record Date” has the meaning given in Condition 8(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Redemption Amounts” has the meaning given in Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 430 ---
Glossary 
430 
“Reference Dealers” has the meaning given in Condition 6(l) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or in Condition 6(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reference Dealer Quotation” means the average of the four quotations given by the Reference 
Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the fourth Business 
Day preceding the due date for redemption at 11:00 a.m. (CET). 
“Reference Government Bond” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealers” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reference Government Bond Price” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reference Government Bond Quotations” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reference Month” has the meaning given in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reference Rate Determination Agent” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reference Screen Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 6(l) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 6(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reference Security” has the meaning given in Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Regional Banks” has the meaning given in the section Information about the Issuer and the Crédit 
Agricole Group of the Base Prospectus. 
“Register” has the meaning given in Condition 1(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Registered Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 1(a) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Registrar” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Registration Agent” has the meaning given in Condition 1(a) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the French Law Notes of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 431 ---
Glossary 
431 
“Regulated Entity” has the meaning given in Condition 19 of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or in Condition 17 of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Regulated Market” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“Regulation D” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law Notes of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Regulation S” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law Notes of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Regulation S Notes” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law Notes of the 
Base Prospectus. 
“Relevant Date” has the meaning given in Condition 9 of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or in Condition 8 of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Relevant State” has the meaning given in the section Subscription and Sale of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Relevant Factor” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled CMS Linked Notes and Inflation 
Linked Notes in the section Risk Factors of the Base Prospectus. 
“Relevant Governmental Body” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Relevant Inter-Bank Market” has the meaning given in Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Relevant Level” has the meaning given in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Relevant Regulator” has the meaning given in Condition 6(k) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or in Condition 6(k) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” has the meaning given in Condition 6(c) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 6(c) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Relevant Screen Page” has the meaning given in Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Relevant Screen Page Time” has the meaning given in Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Relevant Time” means the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, unless otherwise 
specified in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
“Renminbi Dealer” has the meaning given in Condition 8 of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or in Condition 7 of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 432 ---
Glossary 
432 
“Replacement CMS Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(f) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(f) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Replacement Mid-Swap Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Replacement Reference Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Representative” has the meanings given in Condition 11 of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes of the Base Prospectus, as applicable. 
“Resale Restriction Termination Date” has the meaning given in the section Transfer Restrictions 
for the English Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reset Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reset Determination Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reset Period” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reset Reference Banks” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Reset Reference Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Resolution(s)” has the meaning given in Condition 11(c) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Restricted Global Certificate” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law Notes 
of the Base Prospectus. 
“Restricted Notes” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law Notes of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Reuters Page USDSOFR=” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“RMB” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled Risks relating to Notes denominated in 
Renminbi in the section Risk Factors of the Base Prospectus. 
“RMB Note(s)” has the meaning given in Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 433 ---
Glossary 
433 
“RMB Rate Calculation Agent” has the meaning given in Condition 8 of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 7 of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Business Day” has the meaning given in Condition 8 of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 7 of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Date” has the meaning given in Condition 8 of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 7 of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“RMB Spot Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 8 of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or in Condition 7 of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“ROC” has the meaning given in the section Subscription and Sale of the Base Prospectus. 
“Rule 144A” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law Notes of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Rule 144A Notes” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law Notes of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Rules” has the meaning given in paragraph 2 of the section Conditions attached to the consent of 
the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus of the Base Prospectus. 
“RWAs” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“SAION” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as 
applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SAION Index” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SAION Index End” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SAION Index Start” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
 “SARON” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SARON Administrator” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SARON Administrator Website” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 434 ---
Glossary 
434 
“SARON Index Cessation Effective Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SARON Index Cessation Event” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the 
section Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SARON Recommended Replacement Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the 
section Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SARON Recommending Body” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SARON Replacement” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus 
“SARON Screen Page” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Screen Page Mid-Swap Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Screen Page Reference Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Second Party Opinion” has the meaning given in the section Use of Proceeds of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Second Reset Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Section 4(a)(2) Notes” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law Notes of the 
Base Prospectus. 
“Securities Act” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law Notes of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Senior Non-Preferred Notes” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph and Condition 
3 of the section Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in the introductory paragraph and 
Condition 3 of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” has the meaning given in Condition 3(a) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 3(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 435 ---
Glossary 
435 
“Senior Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 3 of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or in Condition 3 of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Senior Preferred Notes” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph and Condition 3 of 
the section Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in the introductory paragraph and 
Condition 3 of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Senior Preferred Obligations” has the meaning given in Condition 3(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 3(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Series” has the meaning given in Condition 1(c) of the section Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or in Condition 1(d) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as 
applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SFA” means a reference to the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (a reference 
to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that term as modified 
or amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be applicable at 
the relevant time). 
“Similar Security” has the meaning given in Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Single Resolution Board” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and 
regulation of credit institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“Single Resolution Fund” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and 
regulation of credit institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation” has the meaning given in the section Government 
supervision and regulation of credit institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“SIX Swiss Exchange” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SNB Adjustment Spread” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SNB Policy Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus 
“Social Bond Frameworks” has the meaning given in the section Use of Proceeds of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Social Bond Principles” has the meaning given in the section Use of Proceeds of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Social Notes” has the meaning given in the section Use of Proceeds of the Base Prospectus. 
“SOFR” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as 
applicable, of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 436 ---
Glossary 
436 
“SOFR Arithmetic Mean” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SOFR Benchmark” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the 
section Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” have the meaning given in Condition 
5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the 
section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SOFR Benchmark Transition Event” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SOFR Compound” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SOFR Index Cessation Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SOFR Index Cessation Event” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SOFR Index Dtermination Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SOFR Interest Reset Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the 
section Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 437 ---
Glossary 
437 
“SOFR Screen Page” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SONIA” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as 
applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SONIA Benchmark” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SONIA Compound with Observation Period Shift” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of 
the section Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SONIA Compound with Lookback” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SONIA Replacement Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SONIA Screen Page” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Special Event” has the meaning given in Condition 6(k) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or in Condition 6(k) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Specific Consent” has the meaning given in paragraph 2 of the section Conditions attached to the 
consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus of the Base Prospectus. 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Specified Denomination” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“SREP” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“Stabilisation Manager(s)” has the meaning given in the section General Information of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Standard & Poor’s” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“Statistical Entities” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled CMS Linked Notes and Inflation 
Linked Notes in the section Risk Factors of the Base Prospectus. 
“Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” has the meaning given in Condition 19 of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 17 of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 438 ---
Glossary 
438 
“Subordinated Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 3 of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or in Condition 3 of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Subsequent Margin” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Subsequent Reset Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Subsequent Reset Period” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
"Substitute CPI Index" has the meaning given in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Successor Index” has the meaning given in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(g) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Supervisory Banking Authority” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision 
and regulation of credit institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“Supplement” has the meaning given in the section Important Notices of the Base Prospectus. 
“Swap Transaction” has the meaning given to this term in the ISDA Definitions. 
“Talon” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes and in Condition 1(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“TARGET Business Day” has the meaning given in Condition 1(c) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 1(d) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“TARGET System” has the meaning given in Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or Condition 5(l) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Tax Deductibility Event” has the meaning given in Condition 6(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 6(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Tax Event” has the meaning given in Condition 6(k) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or in Condition 6(k) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Taxonomy Regulation” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled Risks related to Green 
Notes and Social Notes in the section Risk Factors of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 439 ---
Glossary 
439 
“Temporary Global Certificate” has the meaning given in the section Temporary Global Certificates 
issued in respect of French Law Materialised Bearer Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“temporary Global Note” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law Notes of 
the Base Prospectus. 
“Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer” has the meaning given in paragraph 4 of the 
section Conditions attached to the consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Tier 2 Capital” has the meaning given in Condition 6(d) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or in Condition 6(d) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“TLAC” has the meaning given in the section Government supervision and regulation of credit 
institutions in France of the Base Prospectus. 
“TONA” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as 
applicable, of the Base Prospectus.  
“TONA Rate Cut-Off Date” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Tranche” has the meaning given in Condition 1(c) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or in Condition 1(d) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Transfer Agents” has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Transition Period” has the meaning given in the section Important Notices of the Base Prospectus.  
“UK” has the meaning given in the cover page of the Base Prospectus. 
“UK Benchmark Regulation” has the meaning given in the risk factor entitled Risks related to 
interest rate applicable to the Notes in the section Risk Factors of the Base Prospectus 
“UK MiFIR” has the meaning given in the section Form of Final Terms for English Law Notes and 
Form of Final Terms for French Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules” has the meaning given in the in the section Important 
Notices of the Base Prospectus. 
“UK Notes” has the meaning given in the section Taxation - UK Taxation of the Base Prospectus. 
“UK PRIIPs Regulation” has the meaning given in the section Important Notices of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“UK Withholding” has the meaning given in Condition 9(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or in Condition 8(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the 
section Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 440 ---
Glossary 
440 
“Undated Senior Non-Preferred Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 6(a) of the section 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 6(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Undated Subordinated Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 6(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 6(a) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Unrestricted Global Certificate” has the meaning given in the section Form of the English Law 
Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“U.S. Dollar Equivalent” has the meaning given in Condition 8 of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or in Condition 7 of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“U.S.-France IGA” has the meaning given in the section Taxation - United States Taxation - Foreign 
Account Tax Compliance Act of the Base Prospectus. 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b) of the 
section Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5(b) of the section Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“U.S.-Luxembourg IGA” has the meaning given in the section Taxation - United States - Foreign 
Account Tax Compliance Act of the Base Prospectus. 
“U.S.-UK IGA” has the meaning given in the section Taxation - United States Taxation - Foreign 
Account Tax Compliance Act of the Base Prospectus. 
“Vigeo” has the meaning given in the section Use of Proceeds of the Base Prospectus. 
“Waived Set-Off Rights” has the meaning given in Condition 15 of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or in Condition 14 of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“weekday” means a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday. 
“Withdrawal Agreement” has the meaning given in the section Important Notices of the Base 
Prospectus. 
“Withholding Tax Event” has the meaning given in Condition 6(b) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or in Condition 6(b) of the section Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus. 
“Written Resolution” has the meanings given in Condition 11 of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the French Law Notes of the Base Prospectus, as applicable. 
“Written Resolution Date” has the meaning given in Condition 11(a) of the section Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes of the Base Prospectus. 
“Zero Coupons Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 5 of the section Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or in Condition 5 of the section Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes as applicable, of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 441 ---
441 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
To the best of my knowledge, I hereby certify that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
Crédit Agricole S.A. 
12 Place des États-Unis 
92127 Montrouge 
France 
Duly represented by: 
Nadine Fedon, 
Responsable du Refinancement Moyen et Long Terme Groupe Crédit Agricole  
of Crédit Agricole S.A. 
on 12 April 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 12 April 2021 under the approval n°21-101 by the 
AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is 
complete, coherent and comprehensible. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in 
this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in 
such Notes. 
It is valid until 12 April 2022 and shall be completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the 
event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies.

--- Page 442 ---
442 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Crédit Agricole S.A. 
12 Place des États-Unis 
92127 Montrouge 
France  
 
Crédit Agricole S.A. London Branch 
Broadwalk House 
5 Appold Street 
London 
EC2A 2DA 
United Kingdom 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 Place des États-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, CALCULATION AGENT 
Crédit Agricole S.A. 
12 Place des États-Unis 
92127 Montrouge 
France 
REGISTRAR, EXCHANGE AGENT, TRANSFER AGENT, ISSUING AGENT AND DTC PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT, PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
CACEIS Bank Luxembourg 
5 Allée Scheffer 
L-2520 Luxembourg 
The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
PARIS PAYING AGENT 
CACEIS Corporate Trust 
14, rue Rouget de Lisle 
92862 Issy les Moulineaux  
France 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
Ernst & Young et Autres 
1-2, place des Saisons 
92400 Courbevoie – Paris – La Défense 
France 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63 rue de Villiers 
92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine 
France

--- Page 443 ---
443 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
In respect of English law 
In respect of French and United States law 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP 
2 London Wall Place 
London EC2Y 5AU 
United Kingdom 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP 
12 rue de Tilsitt 
75008 Paris 
France 
In respect of Italian law 
In respect of Luxembourg law 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP 
Piazza di Spagna 15 
0187 Roma 
Italy 
Arendt & Medernach 
14 rue Erasme 
L - 2010 Luxembourg 
The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
To the Arranger and to the Dealers 
In respect of English, French and United States law 
Linklaters LLP 
25 rue de Marignan 
75008 Paris 
France