--- Page 1 ---
1 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
DATED 16 August 2022  
 
CREDIT SUISSE AG 
(incorporated with limited liability in Switzerland) 
“PARTICIPATION-NOTES” 
Programme for the issue of 
Underlying-linked Securities 
This Prospectus 
This document is a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the issuance of securities (the “Securities”) under the Programme 
for the issue of Underlying-linked Securities (the “Programme”) by Credit Suisse AG (“CS”), acting through its Nassau Branch 
or its Singapore Branch (the “Issuer”). CS is a wholly owned subsidiary of Credit Suisse Group AG (“CSG”), a global financial 
services company. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Securities in any Member State of the European Economic 
Area (the “EEA”) (each, a “Relevant Member State”) will be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”) from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Securities and that any offer of 
Securities in the United Kingdom will be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
“retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”) 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Securities. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an 
offer in that Relevant Member State or the United Kingdom of Securities which are the subject of an offering contemplated in 
this Base Prospectus may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or the 
UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer arises. This Base Prospectus has also been prepared for the 
purpose of giving necessary information relating to the Issuer which is material to enable investors (the “Investors”) to make an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits, losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching 
to securities issued under this Base Prospectus and the reasons for the issuance of securities issued under this Base Prospectus and 
its impact on the Issuer.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for admissions to trading on a regulated market in the EEA by or with the consent of the Issuer for 
12 months from its date and will expire on 16 August 2023. For a period of 10 years following the date of this Base Prospectus, 
this Base Prospectus will be available for inspection at https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/legal/hk/p-notes-base-
prospectus/base-prospectus-cs-p-note-programme-2022.pdf. This Base Prospectus may be supplemented from time to time by the 
publication of a “Supplement” to reflect any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included 
in this Base Prospectus. It should be read together with (i) any Supplements to it, (ii) any other documents incorporated by 
reference into it and (iii) in relation to any particular Securities, the Final Terms (as defined below) relating to those Securities. 
This Base Prospectus replaces the base prospectus dated 16th August 2021. This Base Prospectus does not affect any existing 
securities issued by the Issuer, or any future securities issued by the Issuer under a different prospectus. The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation in the event of significant new factors, 
material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid for admissions to trading 
on a regulated market in the EEA.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the “CSSF”), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Moreover, 
the CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Securities.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Securities. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Securities. The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the 
economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the 
Issuer. 
In respect of any series of Securities, this Base Prospectus will be completed by a final terms document containing economic and 
other terms specific to that series (“Final Terms”).  
Securities 
This Base Prospectus relates to securities (the “Securities”) which:  
 
may have any maturity; 
 
may bear interest at either a fixed rate or a floating rate; 
 
may pay premium on top of the interest payable; 
 
may redeem at maturity or, following the occurrence of certain events or the exercise of an early redemption option by 
either the Issuer or the securityholder (the “Securityholder”) (if such an option is provided for in the Final Terms), 
beforehand; 
 
will redeem at an amount determined by a formula referencing the performance of one or more equity shares or equity 
indices (the “Reference Underlyings”); or, if provided for in the Final Terms, by the delivery by the Issuer to the 
Securityholder of a certain number of certain other specified securities in lieu of such amount; or, if provided for in the 
relevant Final Terms, at a fixed amount; and 
 
may pay distribution amounts linked to certain distributions made by the issuers of Reference Underlyings that are equity 
shares. 
Terms and Conditions 
This Prospectus contains, among other things, the legal terms and conditions relating to the Securities, which include the 
following:  
(a) 
general terms that apply to all Securities (referred to as the “General Terms and Conditions of the Securities”, on pages 
102 to 185); and 
(b) 
if the Reference Underlying(s) relating to the Securities is/are equity shares (such Securities, “Equity Linked 
Securities”), terms specific to Equity Linked Securities (referred to as “Schedule 1: Provisions Relating to Equity Linked 
Securities”, on pages 186 to 199); or 
(c) 
if the Reference Underlying relating to the Securities is an equity index (such Securities, “Index Linked Securities”), 
terms specific to Index Linked Securities (referred to as “Schedule 2: Provisions Relating to Index Linked Securities”, on 
pages 200 to 206). 
All the sections of the terms and conditions contained in this Prospectus taken together are referred to as the “Conditions”. 
Specific details of a series of Securities, such as amounts, dates, rates and the application (or disapplication) of certain base 
conditions will be set out in the applicable Final Terms for those Securities. 
Risks 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus, 
on pages 17 to 66. This Base Prospectus describes all of the principal and material risks of an investment in the Securities that 
have been identified by the Issuer.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
The Issuer may issue Securities through its Nassau Branch or its Singapore Branch on the terms set out in this Base 
Prospectus and in the relevant Final Terms. Investors should be aware that certain tax and regulatory consequences 
may follow from issuing Securities through either the Nassau Branch or the Singapore Branch, including whether 
payments on the Securities are subject to withholding tax: see the section headed “Taxation” below. The Nassau 
Branch is subject to certain Bahamas regulatory requirements and rules, and the Singapore Branch is subject to 
certain Singapore regulatory requirements and rules, the breach of which, in each case, may result in regulatory 
sanction and, possibly, investor claims. Investors should be aware that a branch is not a subsidiary and does not 
comprise a separate legal entity and that, in respect of any Securities issued by CS, obligations under such Securities 
are those of CS only, and investors’ claims under such Securities are against CS only, notwithstanding the branch 
through which it will have issued such Securities. 
Credit Suisse AG, Singapore Branch is licensed as a wholesale bank under the Banking Act, Chapter 19 of Singapore 
and is subject to restrictions on the acceptance of deposits in Singapore dollars. The Securities do not constitute or 
evidence a debt repayable by Credit Suisse AG, Singapore Branch on demand to the Securityholders and the value 
of the Securities, if sold on the secondary market, is subject to market conditions prevailing at the time of the sale. 
Please refer to the section headed “General Terms and Conditions of the Securities” together with the relevant Final 
Terms for the terms and conditions under which the Securityholders may recover amounts payable or deliverable to 
them on the Securities from the Issuer. 
Approval and passporting for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
Application has been made to the CSSF in its capacity as the Luxembourg competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to Securities to be issued by CS. The CSSF only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of 
the quality of the Securities. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Securities. 
The Issuer has requested the CSSF to provide the competent authority, for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
in Ireland, with a certificate of approval in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation attesting that 
this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus and the quality or solvency of the Issuer. The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic 
and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the 
Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses for Securities dated 16th July 2019. 
Listing and admission to trading 
Securities issued by the Issuer may be (a) listed and admitted to trading on a regulated market(s) for the purposes of 
the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) (as amended, “MiFID II”), (b) listed on a 
market not regulated for such purpose, or (c) not listed on any market, in each case, as shall be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Securities issued under the Programme to 
be admitted to trading on the Professional Segment of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to 
be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated 
market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. There is no assurance that the application to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the listing of the Securities will be approved. Admission to the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange is not to be taken as an indication of the merits of the Issuer or of the merits of investing 
in any Securities.

--- Page 4 ---
Important Notices 
4 
If any Securities are (a) listed or admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II or (b) listed 
on a market not regulated for such purpose, the Issuer will not be obliged to maintain the listing of the Securities if 
the Issuer determines, in its sole discretion, that the circumstances, such as a change in listing requirements, render 
it impracticable to do so. 
Securities may be issued under the Programme which are not listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange or market or Securities may be issued which are listed 
or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other stock exchange or markets (such as The Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”)) as the Issuer may decide. 
IMPORTANT – EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (“EEA”) RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU on Markets 
in Financial Instruments (as amended) (the “MiFID II”); or (b) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (as amended) (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (c) not a qualified investor as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation(as defined below). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling such Securities or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investors in the EEA will have been or will be prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UNITED KINGDOM (“UK”) RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (a) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA; or (b) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined 
in the EUWA; or (c) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation (as defined 
below). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”)) 
for offering or selling such Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investors in the UK will have 
been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance/target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Securities may include a legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of such Securities and which channels for distribution of such 
Securities are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling, or recommending such Securities (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of such Securities (either by adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be 
made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules under EU Delegate 
Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any such Securities 
is a manufacturer in respect of such Securities, but otherwise neither (a) Credit Suisse AG Nassau Branch, Credit 
Suisse AG Singapore Branch, Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Limited, Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited, Credit 
Suisse International or Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC in their capacities as dealers and any other dealers

--- Page 5 ---
Important Notices 
5 
appointed by the Issuer from time to time (the “Dealers”) nor (b) any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
In connection with Article 8(2) of Commission Delegated Regulation No 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus 
Regulation, this Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any Securities with a minimum denomination 
of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) will (i) only be admitted to trading on an EEA regulated 
market (as defined in MiFID II), or a specific segment of an EEA regulated market, to which only qualified investors 
(as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access (in which case such Securities shall not be offered or sold 
to non-qualified investors) or (ii) only be offered to the public in an EEA Member State pursuant to an exemption 
under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. Furthermore, this Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis 
that any Securities with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) will, 
with respect to the UK only, be offered to the public pursuant to an exemption under section 86 of the FSMA. 
Product Classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (as 
amended or modified from time to time, the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise stated before an offer of Securities, 
the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that 
the Securities are capital markets products other than “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the 
“MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and in the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice 
on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Unless otherwise exempted under the CMP Regulations 2018, prior to the offer of any Securities, the Issuer will 
provide written notice in accordance with Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA to the Dealers if (a) there is a change in the 
classification of the Securities as capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products and 
Specified Investment Products or (b) there are any other dealers who are not Dealer(s) at launch of the offering. 
Fair treatment of investors 
In making discretionary determinations under the Conditions of the Securities, the Issuer may take into account the 
impact of a determination on the relevant hedging arrangements. Such determinations could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of the Securities and could result in their early redemption. 
In order to ensure that its ongoing exposure to the potential payment obligations under the Securities is appropriately 
managed, the Issuer (directly or through an affiliate) may (but is not obliged to) enter into hedging arrangements to 
cover off some or all of its exposure. The ability to enter into hedging arrangements is typically a fundamental risk 
management pre-requisite in enabling the Issuer to create the Securities and impacts the price at which the Issuer is 
able to offer the Securities. 
Accordingly, in the exercise of its various discretionary determinations under the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities, the Issuer may take into account the impact on its hedging arrangements for the Securities – whether to 
determine if an event has occurred (e.g. a “Hedging Disruption Event” or an “Extraordinary Event” or other 
analogous event under the relevant Schedule) or what the consequences of such event should be (e.g. adjustment to 
the Conditions of the Securities or early redemption of the Securities). 
In making any discretionary determinations under the Conditions of the Securities, the Issuer shall act at all times in 
good faith and (unless otherwise specified with regard to the particular determination) in a commercially reasonable 
manner. Further, the Issuer shall take into account the effect of such determination on the Securities and consider 
whether the fair treatment of Investors is achieved by such determination in accordance with its regulatory 
obligations. Nevertheless, for the reasons discussed above, the Issuer may take into account the impact of the 
particular event on the relevant hedging arrangements, and any such discretionary determination could result in the 
Securities losing some or all of their value and/or the early redemption of the Securities.

--- Page 6 ---
Important Notices 
6 
Documents incorporated by reference 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein 
by reference (see section headed “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). This Base Prospectus shall be 
read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Responsibility statement  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms. To the 
best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms is in 
accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Securities shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent 
to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to 
review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any Investor in 
the Securities of any information coming to their attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently 
published documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase 
any Securities. 
No other information 
In connection with the issue and sale of the Securities, no person is authorised to give any information or to make 
any representation not contained in this Base Prospectus, and the Issuer does not accept responsibility for any 
information or representation so given that is not contained within this Base Prospectus. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus is restricted 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Securities in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required by the Issuer to inform 
themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers or sales of the 
Securities and the distribution of this document and other offering materials relating to the Securities, please refer 
to the section headed “Selling Restrictions”. 
Ratings 
CS has an issuer credit rating of “A” from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”), a long-term issuer default 
rating of “BBB+” from Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch”) and an issuer credit rating of “A2” from Moody’s Investors 
Service Ltd. (“Moody’s”). 
S&P is established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”). Fitch and Moody’s are established in the UK and are registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”). 
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a credit rating for regulatory purposes if such a credit 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation. This 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, 
unless an exception applies, including the relevant credit ratings having been endorsed by an EEA-registered credit 
rating agency. Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. 
The ratings issued by Fitch are endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch Ireland”) and the ratings issued 
by Moody’s are endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s Germany”). Fitch Ireland and Moody’s 
Germany are established in the EEA and are registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, each of S&P, Moody’s 
Germany and Fitch Ireland is included in the list of credit rating agencies published on the website of the European

--- Page 7 ---
Important Notices 
7 
Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website (at www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
The ratings issued by S&P are endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited (“S&P UK”). S&P UK is established 
in the UK and is registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. As such, the ratings issued by S&P may be 
used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Securities issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by any one or more of the rating agencies referred 
to above. Where a Tranche of Securities is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will 
not necessarily be the same as the issuer rating assigned by the relevant rating agency. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
Use of benchmarks  
Amounts payable under the Securities may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates, which may constitute 
“benchmarks” under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”). If any such reference rate 
does constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will, in the case of Securities to be admitted to trading 
on the Professional Segment of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, indicate whether or not the relevant administrator thereof is included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation (the “EU Benchmarks Register”). Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Furthermore, transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may have 
the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the EU Benchmarks Register 
at the date of the applicable Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation is a matter of public record and the Issuer does not intend to update any Final Terms to reflect any change 
in the registration status of an administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus: (a) European Money Markets Institute (the administrator of EURIBOR) and SIX Index AG (the 
administrator of SARON) are included in the EU Benchmarks Register; and (b) ABS Benchmarks Administration 
Co Pte Ltd (the administrator of SIBOR), ASX Limited (the administrator of BBSW), Thomson Reuters (the 
administrator of CDOR), The Hong Kong Treasury Markets Association (the administrator of CNH HIBOR and 
HIBOR), New Zealand Financial Markets Association (the administrator of BKBM), Swedish Bankers’ Association 
(the administrator of STIBOR), Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (the administrator of NIBOR), The Bank of 
England (the administrator of SONIA), the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (“FRBNY”) (the administrator of 
SOFR) and the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) (the administrator of SORA) are not included in the 
EU Benchmarks Register and, as far as the Issuer is aware, (i) under Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, 
The Bank of England (the administrator of SONIA), the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the administrator of 
SOFR) and the MAS (the administrator of SORA), are not required to obtain authorisation or registration, and (ii) 
the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that none of the other 
administrators that has not obtained such authorisation or registration are currently required to obtain such 
authorisation or registration in the European Union (the “EU”) (or, if located outside the EU, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence). 
ISDA Definitions 
Where any interest and/or coupon amount payable under the Securities is calculated by reference to an ISDA Rate 
(as defined in Condition 3(c)(ii)(A) (ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Securities) below), investors should 
consult the Issuer if they require an explanation of such ISDA Rate. 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive 
The Issuer is of the opinion that the requirements of the Luxembourg Law of 12th July 2013, implementing the 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (Directive 2011/61/EU), do not apply to the Securities.

--- Page 8 ---
Important Notices 
8 
Transfer and selling restrictions 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Securities in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution 
of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer 
and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Securities may 
be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, 
or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution 
or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which would permit a public offering 
of any Securities or distribution of this document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Securities may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession 
this Base Prospectus or any Securities may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Securities. In particular, there are restrictions 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities in, Australia, the Dubai International 
Financial Centre, Egypt, the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (“Hong 
Kong”), Republic of India (“India”), Korea, Kuwait, Malaysia, Pakistan, the People’s Republic of China (excluding 
Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) (“PRC”), Qatar, the Qatar Financial Centre, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (“Saudi 
Arabia”), Singapore, Switzerland, Taiwan (Republic of China) (“Taiwan”), the United Arab Emirates, the United 
Kingdom (“UK”), the United States of America (“U.S.”) and the Socialist Republic of Vietnam (“Vietnam”), see 
the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
The Securities may be offered to any professional or institutional investors. 
DISCLAIMERS 
No Investment Advice 
Prospective investors should have regard to the material risks that are specific to the Issuer and that may affect the 
issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the securities, in a limited number of categories, in a section headed 
“Risk Factors”. The Issuer is acting solely in the capacity of an arm’s length contractual counterparty and not as an 
investor’s financial adviser or fiduciary in any transaction. The purchase of Securities involves substantial risks and 
an investment in Securities is only suitable for investors who (either alone or in conjunction with an appropriate 
financial adviser) fully evaluate the risks and merits of such an investment in the Securities and who have sufficient 
resources to be able to bear any losses that may result therefrom. Therefore, before making an investment decision, 
prospective investors in the Securities should ensure that they understand the nature of the Securities and the extent 
of their exposure to risks and consider carefully, in the light of their own financial circumstances, financial condition 
and investment objectives, all the information set forth in this Base Prospectus and any documents incorporated by 
reference herein. This Base Prospectus cannot disclose whether the Securities are a suitable investment in relation 
to any investor’s particular circumstances; therefore investors may wish to consult their own financial, tax, legal or 
other advisers as they consider appropriate and carefully review and consider such an investment decision in the 
light of the information set forth in this Base Prospectus. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Securities 
(a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation 
by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or any Securities should purchase any Securities. Neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Securities constitutes an offer 
or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any 
Securities.

--- Page 9 ---
Important Notices 
9 
Reference Underlyings 
The applicable Final Terms will contain information relating to one or more Reference Underlyings to which the 
relevant Securities relate. Such Final Terms relate only to the Securities offered thereby and do not relate to the 
Reference Underlyings or the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, of such Reference Underlyings. All 
disclosures contained in the applicable Final Terms regarding the Reference Underlyings and the issuer, owner or 
sponsor, as the case may be, of such Reference Underlyings are derived from publicly available documents and other 
publicly available information. None of the Issuer or any of its affiliates has participated in the preparation of such 
documents or made any due diligence inquiry with respect to the Reference Underlyings or the issuer, owner or 
sponsor, as the case may be, of such Reference Underlyings. None of the Issuer or any of its affiliates makes any 
representation that such publicly available documents or any other publicly available information regarding the 
Reference Underlyings or the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, of such Reference Underlyings are 
accurate or complete, and are not responsible for public disclosure of information by such issuer, owner or sponsor, 
as the case may be, whether contained in filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) or 
otherwise. Furthermore, none of the Issuer or any of its affiliates can give any assurance that all events occurring 
prior to the date of the applicable Final Terms, including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of 
the public filings of the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, of the Reference Underlyings or the market 
price of the Reference Underlyings, have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the 
disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may 
be, of the Reference Underlyings could affect the amount an investor will receive at maturity of the Securities and, 
therefore, the trading prices of the Securities. Any prospective purchaser of the Securities should undertake an 
independent investigation of the Reference Underlyings and the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, of 
such Reference Underlyings as, in its judgement, is appropriate to make an informed decision with respect to an 
investment in the Securities. 
If provided for in the relevant Final Terms, certain Securities may be redeemed by the delivery by the Issuer to the 
Securityholder(s) of a certain number of certain other specified securities in lieu of a cash amount determined by a 
formula referencing the performance of one or more equity shares or equity indices. In such cases, the deliverable 
securities will never be shares or equity securities issued by the Issuer or any entity in its related group of companies. 
The Issuer and/or any of its affiliates may presently or from time to time engage in business with the issuer, owner 
or sponsor, as the case may be, of the Reference Underlyings, including extending loans to, making equity 
investments in, or providing advisory services (including merger and acquisition advisory services) to such issuer, 
owner or sponsor, as the case may be. In the course of such business, the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates may 
acquire non-public information with respect to the Reference Underlyings or the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the 
case may be, of such Reference Underlyings and, in addition, the Issuer and/or one or more of its affiliates may 
publish research reports with respect to such Reference Underlyings and its issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case 
may be. 
The Securities may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Securities must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Securities, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Securities and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Securities and the impact the Securities will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Securities, 
including Securities with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency;

--- Page 10 ---
Important Notices 
10 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Securities and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Securities are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way 
to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. 
A potential investor should not invest in Securities which are complex financial instruments unless it has the 
expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Securities will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Securities and the impact this investment will have on the 
potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
The Issue Price may be more than the Securities’ market value 
The Issue Price in respect of any Securities specified in the relevant Final Terms may be more than the market value 
of such Securities as at the Issue Date, and more than the price, if any, at which the Dealers or any other person is 
willing to purchase such Securities in secondary market transactions. In particular, the Issue Price in respect of any 
Securities may take into account amounts with respect to commissions relating to the issue and sale of such Securities 
and amounts relating to the hedging of the Issuer’s obligations under such Securities. 
No obligation to maintain listing 
Investors should note that where the Securities are (a) listed or admitted to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II or (b) listed on a market not regulated for such purpose, the Issuer will not be obliged to 
maintain the listing of the Securities if the Issuer determines, in its sole discretion, that the circumstances, such as a 
change in listing requirements, render it impracticable to do so. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Where the Issuer acts as Calculation Agent or the Calculation Agent is an Affiliate of the Issuer, potential conflicts 
of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and investors, including, without limitation, with respect to 
certain determinations and judgments that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Securities that may 
influence the amount receivable on the Securities. 
The Issuer and its Affiliates are actively engaged in financial services businesses globally and may in the course of 
such businesses have or develop business relationships with third parties, including the entities to which any 
Reference Underlying relates (including, without limitation, lending, depositary, risk management, advisory and 
banking relationships). They may also, amongst other things, be members of and/or have an ownership interest in, 
an exchange or other venue on which securities are traded, make markets in securities, buy or sell securities on a 
principal or proprietary basis and/or take direct or indirect interests in securities, including a Reference Underlying, 
whether by way of security interest or otherwise. In acting in these capacities the Issuer and/or its Affiliates may at 
the date hereof or at any time hereafter have or acquire non-public information with respect to a Reference 
Underlying and/or the entities to which such Reference Underlying relates that is or may be material in the context 
of the Securities, which will not be provided to any Securityholders or investors. For the avoidance of doubt, there 
is no obligation on the Issuer, the Dealers or any of their respective Affiliates to disclose to any Securityholders or 
investors any such information. In addition, the interests of the Issuer and/or its Affiliates may conflict with the 
interests of the Securityholders and investors. The Issuer reserves the right to take such actions as it considers 
necessary or appropriate (including, without limitation, any sale, disposal or enforcement of security of or over a 
Reference Underlying) to protect its interests without regard to the consequences for any Securityholders or 
investors. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and

--- Page 11 ---
Important Notices 
11 
to what extent (a) Securities are legal investments for it, (b) Securities can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (c) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Securities. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Securities under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealers nor any other Affiliate has or assumes any responsibility for the lawfulness of the 
acquisition of the Securities by a prospective purchaser of the Securities, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction 
of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective 
purchaser with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
No reliance 
Each prospective purchaser of Securities may not rely on and shall not hold any responsibility on the Issuer, the 
Dealers or any Affiliate in connection with its determination as to any of the matters referred to above. 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF THE SECURITIES SHOULD ENSURE THAT THEY UNDERSTAND THE 
NATURE OF THE SECURITIES AND THE EXTENT OF THEIR EXPOSURE TO RISK AND THAT THEY 
CONSIDER THE SUITABILITY OF THE SECURITIES AS AN INVESTMENT IN THE LIGHT OF THEIR 
OWN CIRCUMSTANCES AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS SHOULD 
CONDUCT THEIR OWN INVESTIGATIONS AND, IN DECIDING WHETHER OR NOT TO PURCHASE 
SECURITIES, SHOULD FORM THEIR OWN VIEWS OF THE MERITS OF AN INVESTMENT RELATED TO 
ANY REFERENCE UNDERLYING BASED UPON SUCH INVESTIGATIONS AND NOT IN RELIANCE 
UPON ANY INFORMATION GIVEN IN THIS DOCUMENT. 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF THE SECURITIES MUST COMPLY WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS 
AND REGULATIONS IN FORCE IN EACH JURISDICTION IN WHICH THEY PURCHASE, OFFER OR SELL 
SUCH SECURITIES OR POSSESS OR DISTRIBUTE THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND MUST OBTAIN OR 
COMPLY WITH ANY CONSENT, APPROVAL, PERMISSION OR REPORTING REQUESTS REQUIRED OF 
THEM FOR THE PURCHASE, OFFER OR SALE BY THEM OF SUCH SECURITIES UNDER THE LAWS 
AND REGULATIONS IN FORCE IN ANY JURISDICTIONS TO WHICH THEY ARE SUBJECT OR IN WHICH 
THEY MAKE SUCH PURCHASES, OFFERS OR SALES AND NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR ANY OF ITS 
AFFILIATES SHALL HAVE ANY RESPONSIBILITY THEREFOR. 
SEE “RISK FACTORS” FOR A DISCUSSION OF CERTAIN FACTORS TO BE CONSIDERED IN 
CONNECTION WITH AN INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES. 
U.S. INFORMATION 
THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933 (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF 
ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES. SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, 
THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT (“REGULATION S”)). 
THE SECURITIES ARE BEING OFFERED AND SOLD OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO NON-U.S. 
PERSONS IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S AND WITHIN THE UNITED STATES TO “QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS” IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (“RULE 
144A”). THE SECURITIES AND INTERESTS THEREIN WILL BE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS 
ON TRANSFER. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS AND TRANSFEREES ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT 
SELLERS OF THE SECURITIES MAY BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF 
SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A. FOR A DESCRIPTION OF THESE AND 
CERTAIN FURTHER RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS, SALES AND TRANSFERS OF SECURITIES AND 
DISTRIBUTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS SEE “TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS”.

--- Page 12 ---
Important Notices 
12 
THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE SEC, ANY STATE 
SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY, 
NOR HAVE ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF 
THE OFFERING OF SECURITIES OR THE ACCURACY OR THE ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED 
STATES. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
The Issuer has agreed that, for so long as any Securities are “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 
144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, the Issuer will, during any period in which it is neither subject to Section 13 or 
15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) nor exempt from reporting pursuant to 
Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, provide to any holder or beneficial owner of such restricted securities or to any 
prospective purchaser of such restricted securities designated by such holder or beneficial owner upon the request 
of such holder, beneficial owner or prospective purchaser, the information required to be provided by Rule 
144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference statements that constitute forward-looking statements. 
In addition, in the future, CS, and others on its behalf, may make statements that constitute forward-looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements relating to the following: 
 
the plans, targets or goals of CS and its related group of companies (as used in this section, the “Group”); 
 
the Group’s future economic performance or prospects; 
 
the potential effect on the Group’s future performance of certain contingencies; and 
 
assumptions underlying any such statements. 
Words such as “believes”, “anticipates”, “expects”, “intends” and “plans” and similar expressions are intended to 
identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. The Issuer does 
not intend to update these forward-looking statements, except as may be required by applicable securities laws. 
By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, both general and specific, 
and risks exist that predictions, forecasts, projections and other outcomes described or implied in forward-looking 
statements will not be achieved. The Issuer cautions potential investors that a number of important factors could 
cause results to differ materially from the plans, targets, goals, expectations, estimates and intentions expressed in 
such forward-looking statements and that the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic creates significantly greater uncertainty 
about forward-looking statements in addition to the factors that generally affect the Group’s business. These factors 
include: 
 
the ability to maintain sufficient liquidity and access capital markets; 
 
market volatility, increases in inflation and interest rate fluctuations or developments affecting interest rate 
levels; 
 
the ongoing significant negative consequences of the Archegos and SCFF matters and the Group’s ability to 
successfully resolve these matters; 
 
the Group’s ability to improve its risk management procedures and policies and hedging strategies; 
 
the strength of the global economy in general and the strength of the economies of the countries in which the 
Group conducts its operations, in particular, the risk of negative impacts of COVID-19 on the global economy

--- Page 13 ---
Important Notices 
13 
and financial markets and the risk of continued slow economic recovery or downturn in the EU, the U.S. or 
other developed countries or in emerging markets in 2022 and beyond; 
 
the emergence of widespread health emergencies, infectious diseases or pandemics, such as COVID-19, and 
the actions that may be taken by governmental authorities to contain the outbreak or to counter its impact; 
 
potential risks and uncertainties relating to the severity of the impacts from COVID-19 and the duration of 
the pandemic, including potential material adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations; 
 
the direct and indirect impacts of deterioration or slow recovery in residential and commercial real estate 
markets; 
 
adverse rating actions by credit rating agencies in respect of the Group, sovereign issuers, structured credit 
products or other credit-related exposures; 
 
the ability to achieve the Group’s strategic goals, including those related to its targets, ambitions and financial 
goals; 
 
the ability of counterparties to meet their obligations to the Group and the adequacy of the Group’s allowance 
for credit losses; 
 
the effects of, and changes in, fiscal, monetary, exchange rate, trade and tax policies; 
 
the effects of currency fluctuations, including the related impact on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations due to moves in foreign exchange rates; 
 
geopolitical and diplomatic tensions, instabilities and conflicts, including war, civil unrest, terrorist activity, 
sanctions or other geopolitical events or escalations of hostilities; 
 
political, social and environmental developments, including climate change; 
 
the ability to appropriately address social, environmental and sustainability concerns that may arise from the 
Group’s business activities; 
 
the effects of, and the uncertainty arising from, the UK’s withdrawal from the EU; 
 
the possibility of foreign exchange controls, expropriation, nationalisation or confiscation of assets in 
countries in which the Group conducts its operations; 
 
operational factors such as systems failure, human error, or the failure to implement procedures properly; 
 
the risk of cyber attacks, information or security breaches or technology failures on the Group’s reputation, 
business or operations, the risk of which is increased while large portions of the Group’s employees work 
remotely; 
 
the adverse resolution of litigation, regulatory proceedings and other contingencies; 
 
actions taken by regulators with respect to the Group’s business and practices and possible resulting changes 
to its business organisation practices and policies in countries in which it conducts its operations; 
 
the effects of changes in laws, regulations or accounting or tax standards, policies or practices in countries in 
which the Group conducts its operations; 
 
the discontinuation of London interbank offered rate (“LIBOR”) and other interbank offered rates (“IBORs”) 
and the transition to alternative reference rates; 
 
the potential effects of changes in the Group’s legal entity structure;

--- Page 14 ---
Important Notices 
14 
 
competition or changes in the Group’s competitive position in geographic and business areas in which it 
conducts its operations; 
 
the ability to retain and recruit qualified personnel; 
 
the ability to protect the Group’s reputation and promote the Group’s brand; 
 
the ability to increase market share and control expenses; 
 
technological changes instituted by the Group, its counterparties or its competitors; 
 
the timely development and acceptance of the Group’s new products and services and the perceived overall 
value of these products and services by users; 
 
acquisitions, including the ability to integrate acquired businesses successfully, and divestitures, including 
the ability to sell non-core assets; and 
 
other unforeseen or unexpected events and the Group’s success at managing these and the risks involved in 
the foregoing. 
The Issuer cautions potential investors in Securities that the foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive. These 
forward-looking statements speak only to the date of this Base Prospectus. CS expressly disclaims any obligation or 
undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect 
any change in CS’s or the Group’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in circumstances on which any 
such statement is based. 
When evaluating forward-looking statements, potential investors in Securities should carefully consider the 
foregoing factors and other uncertainties and events, as well as the risk factors and other information set forth in the 
documents incorporated into or contained in this Base Prospectus. 
General 
In this Base Prospectus references to “Swiss francs”, “SFR”, “Sfr”, and “CHF” are to the lawful currency for 
the time being of Switzerland. All references to “euro” and “€” refer to the lawful single currency introduced 
at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the 
Functioning of the EU, as amended. All references to “U.S. dollars”, “USD”, “U.S.$” and “US$” are to the 
lawful currency for the time being of the United States. All references to “SGD” are to the lawful currency 
for the time being of Singapore. References to a “Member State” are references to a Member State of the 
European Economic Area.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................................... 16 
RISK FACTORS ...................................................................................................................................................... 17 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................................ 67 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................................... 80 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES ...................................................................... 101 
SCHEDULE 1 PROVISIONS RELATING TO EQUITY LINKED SECURITIES .............................................. 185 
SCHEDULE 2 PROVISIONS RELATING TO INDEX LINKED SECURITIES ................................................ 199 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE SECURITIES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .................. 206 
CREDIT SUISSE AG ............................................................................................................................................. 208 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................................. 245 
TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS ................................................................................................... 246 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................................ 268 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS ................................................................................................................ 281 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................................. 283

--- Page 16 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
16 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The programme is a Programme for the issue of Underlying-linked Securities under which CS may from time to 
time issue Securities linked to Reference Underlyings in accordance with, and subject to, all applicable laws and 
regulations and denominated in any currency, subject as set out herein. The Securities may be Equity Linked 
Securities (where the Reference Underlying(s) is/are equity shares) or Index Linked Securities (where the Reference 
Underlying(s) is/are equity indices which, for the avoidance of doubt, may not include an Index composed or 
provided by the Issuer, by any legal entity belonging to its Group or by a legal entity or a natural person acting in 
association with or on behalf of the Issuer). The applicable terms of any Securities will be agreed between CS and 
the relevant Dealer prior to the issue of the Securities and will be set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
endorsed on, attached to, or incorporated by reference into, the Securities, as completed by the applicable Final 
Terms attached to, or endorsed on, such Securities. The Securities may be offered to any professional or institutional 
investors.

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
17 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the risk factors specified below are material for the purpose of taking an informed investment 
decision associated with the Securities issued under the Programme, but these are not the only risks that the Issuer 
faces or that may arise under the Securities. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur 
and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. There will 
be other risks that the Issuer does not currently consider to be material, or risks that the Issuer is currently not aware 
of, or risks that arise due to circumstances specific to the investor. Prospective investors should also read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior 
to making any investment decision. 
The purchase of Securities involves substantial risks and is suitable only for investors who have the knowledge and 
experience in financial and business matters necessary to enable them to evaluate the risks and the merits of an 
investment in the Securities. Before making an investment decision, prospective purchasers of Securities should 
consider carefully, in the light of their own financial circumstances and investment objectives, all the information 
set forth in this Base Prospectus and, in particular, the considerations set forth below. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Securities” below shall have the same meanings in 
this section “Risk Factors”. 
An investment in Securities entails certain risks, which vary depending on the specific type and structure of the 
relevant Security and the relevant Reference Underlying(s) which the Security is linked to. Such risks can be divided 
into the following categories A to G (each a “Risk Category”): 
(A) 
factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Securities (“Risk Category A”); 
(B) 
factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Securities issued 
under the Programme (“Risk Category B”); 
(C) 
risks relating to redemption, adjustment and modification (“Risk Category C”); 
(D) 
risks relating to certain types of Securities (“Risk Category D”); 
(E) 
risks relating to Reference Underlyings (“Risk Category E”); 
(F) 
additional risks relating to particular types of Reference Underlyings (“Risk Category F”); and 
(G) 
risks associated with Securities in case of insolvency of the Issuer and in connection with resolution measures 
in respect of the Issuer (“Risk Category G”), 
which are set out in the following sections A to G. 
The Risk Categories below are divided into sub-categories (each a “Sub-category”): 
 
for the Sub-categories of Risk Category A, see sections 1 to 7 in section A below; 
 
for the Sub-categories of Risk Category B, see sections 1 to 10 in section B below; 
 
for the Sub-categories of Risk Category C, see sections 1 to 8 in section C below; 
 
for the Sub-categories of Risk Category D, see sections 1 to 14 in section D below; 
 
for the Sub-categories of Risk Category E, see sections 1 to 10 in section E below; 
 
for the Sub-categories of Risk Category F, see sections 1 to 6 in section F below; and 
 
for the Sub-categories of Risk Category G, see sections 1 to 2 in section G below.

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
18 
The most material risk or risks in each Risk Category or Sub-category are specified first in such category or sub-
category, as the case may be. The risks set out after the most material risk or risks are not further ranked by the Issuer 
in accordance with their respective degree of materiality. 
(A) 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER THE SECURITIES (“Risk Category A”) 
The risks set out under in the below sub-sections (1) to (7) of this Risk Category A are the most material risks that may 
affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Securities. 
Unless the context otherwise requires, the term “Group” as used in this Base Prospectus means Credit Suisse Group AG 
(“CSG”) and its consolidated subsidiaries. CS is the direct Swiss bank subsidiary of CSG and the business of CS and its 
consolidated subsidiaries is substantially similar to the Group. The terms CS and the Group are used to refer to both CS 
and its consolidated subsidiaries and the Group when the subject is the same or substantially similar. 
CS is exposed to a variety of risks that could adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition, including, 
among others, those described below. All references to CS in the following risk factors are also related to the consolidated 
businesses carried on by CSG and its subsidiaries, including CS and its subsidiaries, and therefore should also be read as 
references to CSG. 
1 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity, or ready access to funds, is essential to CS’s business, particularly CS’s investment banking businesses. 
CS seeks to maintain available liquidity to meet its obligations in a stressed liquidity environment. For information 
on CS’s liquidity management, refer to “Liquidity and funding management” in “III – Treasury, Risk, Balance sheet 
and Off-balance sheet” in the Annual Report 2021 (as defined below) and in “II – Treasury, risk, balance sheet and 
off-balance sheet” in the Financial Report 1Q22 and in the Financial Report 2Q22 (each as defined below). 
1.1 
CS’s liquidity could be impaired if it were unable to access the capital markets, sell its assets or if its 
liquidity costs increase 
CS’s ability to borrow on a secured or unsecured basis and the cost of doing so can be affected by increases 
in interest rates or credit spreads, the availability of credit, regulatory requirements relating to liquidity, 
including the possible amendments to the Swiss liquidity ordinance to increase the regulatory minimum 
liquidity requirements for systemically important banks, or the market perceptions of risk relating to CS, 
certain of its counterparties or the banking sector as a whole, including CS’s perceived or actual 
creditworthiness. An inability to obtain financing in the unsecured long-term or short-term debt capital 
markets, or to access the secured lending markets, could have a substantial adverse effect on CS’s liquidity. 
In challenging credit markets CS’s funding costs may increase or it may be unable to raise funds to support 
or expand its businesses, adversely affecting its results of operations. Following the financial crisis in 2008 
and 2009, CS’s costs of liquidity have been significant and it expects to incur ongoing costs as a result of 
regulatory requirements for increased liquidity. For further information, refer to “Regulatory developments” 
in “III – Treasury, Risk, Balance sheet and Off-balance sheet – Liquidity and funding management” in the 
Annual Report 2021. 
If CS is unable to raise needed funds in the capital markets (including through offerings of equity, regulatory 
capital securities and other debt), it may need to liquidate unencumbered assets to meet its liabilities. In a 
time of reduced liquidity, CS may be unable to sell some of its assets, or it may need to sell assets at depressed 
prices, which in either case could adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. 
1.2 
CS’s businesses rely significantly on its deposit base for funding 
CS’s businesses benefit from short-term funding sources, including primarily demand deposits, inter-bank 
loans, time deposits and cash bonds. Although deposits have been, over time, a stable source of funding, this

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
19 
may not continue. In that case, CS’s liquidity position could be adversely affected and it might be unable to 
meet deposit withdrawals on demand, or at their contractual maturity, to repay borrowings as they mature or 
to fund new loans, investments and businesses. 
1.3 
Changes in CS’s ratings may adversely affect its business 
Ratings are assigned by rating agencies. Rating agencies may lower, indicate their intention to lower or 
withdraw their ratings at any time. The major rating agencies remain focused on the financial services 
industry, particularly regarding potential declines in profitability, asset quality deterioration, asset price 
volatility, risk and governance controls, the impact from any potential easing or enhancement of regulatory 
requirements and challenges from increased costs related to compliance and litigation. In May 2022, S&P 
lowered its long-term issuer credit ratings and Fitch lowered its long-term issuer default ratings of Credit 
Suisse AG and CSG by one notch. In August 2022, Moody’s lowered its long-term senior unsecured debt and 
deposit ratings of Credit Suisse AG and CSG by one notch. Any downgrades in CS’s ratings could increase 
its borrowing costs, limit its access to capital markets, increase its cost of capital and adversely affect the 
ability of its businesses to sell or market their products, engage in business transactions, particularly financing 
and derivatives transactions, and retain its clients.  
1.4 
Archegos and SCFF-related risks 
Significant negative consequences of the Archegos and supply chain finance funds matters 
As previously reported, CS incurred a net charge of CHF 4.8 billion in 2021 in respect of the US-based hedge 
fund matter described on page 302 of the Annual Report 2021 (“Archegos”). CS also previously reported 
that it is reasonably possible that it will incur a loss in respect of the Supply Chain Finance Funds (“SCFF”) 
matter, though it is not yet possible to estimate the size of such a reasonably possible loss. However, the 
ultimate cost of resolving the SCFF matter may be material to the Group’s operating results. In addition, the 
Group has suffered and may continue to suffer reputational harm and reductions in certain areas of its 
business, such as a slowdown in net new asset generation in Asset Management in 2021, attributable, at least 
in part, to these matters. 
A number of regulatory and other inquiries, investigations and actions have been initiated or are being 
considered in respect of each of these matters, including enforcement actions by the Swiss Financial Market 
Supervisory Authority FINMA (“FINMA”). FINMA has also imposed certain risk-reducing measures and 
capital surcharges, as discussed in the Annual Report 2021. Third parties appointed by FINMA are conducting 
investigations into these matters. The CSSF is also reviewing the SCFF matter through a third party. 
Furthermore, the Group is subject to various litigation claims in respect of these matters and it may become 
subject to additional litigation, disputes or other actions. For further information, refer to “Note 40 – 
Litigation” in “VI – Consolidated financial statements – Credit Suisse Group” in the Annual Report 2021. 
The Board of Directors of CSG (the “CSG Board”) launched investigations into both the Archegos and SCFF 
matters, which not only focused on the direct issues arising from each of them, but also reflected on the 
broader consequences and lessons learned. The Group also established Asset Management as a separate 
division of the Group, undertook various senior management changes in response to these matters and 
previously-granted compensation awards were recovered from certain individuals through malus and 
clawback provisions. On 29th July 2021, Credit Suisse published the report based on the independent external 
investigation into Archegos, which found, among other things, a failure to effectively manage risk in the 
Investment Bank’s prime services business by both the first and second lines of defence as well as a lack of 
risk escalation. On 10th February 2022, Credit Suisse announced that the separate report related to the SCFF 
matter had been completed and that the findings had been made available to the CSG Board and the report 
shared with FINMA. 
The combined effect of these two matters, including the material loss incurred in respect of Archegos, may 
have other material adverse consequences for CS, including negative effects on its business and operating

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
20 
results from actions that the Group has taken and may be required or decide to take in the future in response 
to these matters. Among these actions are CSG’s decision to reduce its 2020 dividend proposal, suspend its 
share buyback programme, deleverage certain businesses and clients of CS and reduce leverage exposure and 
risk-weighted assets (“RWA”) in the Investment Bank. Furthermore, as part of the Group’s revised strategy 
and restructuring programme announced in November 2021, the Group (including CS) is in the process of 
exiting substantially all of its prime services business and redeploying allocated capital from its Investment 
Bank to its Wealth Management businesses. In addition, CS has been required by FINMA to take certain 
capital and related actions, including a temporary add-on to RWA in the first quarter of 2021 in relation to its 
exposure in the Archegos matter and a Pillar 2 capital add-on relating to the SCFF matter. There could also 
be additional capital and related actions, including an add-on to RWA relating to operational risk. There can 
be no assurance that measures instituted to manage related risks will be effective in all instances. Such actions 
have caused and may continue to cause loss of revenues and assets under management, as well as a material 
adverse effect on CS’s ability to attract and retain customers, clients, investors and employees and to conduct 
business transactions with its counterparties. 
Several of the processes discussed above are still ongoing, including the process of seeking to recover 
amounts in respect of the SCFF matter. In addition, the CSG Board conducted a review of the Group’s 
business strategy and risk appetite. As a result of the new strategy, the Group recorded a goodwill impairment 
of CHF 1.6 billion in the fourth quarter of 2021. There can be no assurance that any additional losses, 
damages, costs and expenses, as well as any further regulatory and other investigations and actions or any 
downgrade of its credit ratings, will not be material to CS, including from any impact on its business, financial 
condition, results of operations, prospects, liquidity, capital position or reputation. For further information, 
refer to “Archegos Capital Management” in “II – Operating and financial review – Credit Suisse – Significant 
events in 2021”, “Key risk developments – Archegos and supply chain finance fund matters” in “III – 
Treasury, Risk, Balance sheet and Off-balance sheet – Risk management” and “Regulatory developments” in 
“III – Treasury, Risk, Balance sheet and Off-balance sheet – Capital management” in the Annual Report 
2021. 
2 
Market and credit risks 
2.1 
The ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely 
affect, CS’s business, operations and financial performance 
Since December 2019, the COVID-19 pandemic has spread rapidly and globally with a high concentration 
of cases in certain countries in which CS conducts business. The ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic has 
adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, CS’s business, operations and financial 
performance. 
The spread of COVID-19 and resulting government controls and containment measures implemented around 
the world have caused severe disruption to global supply chains, labour markets and economic activity, which 
have contributed to rising inflationary pressure and spikes in market volatility. The spread of COVID-19 is 
continuing to have an adverse impact on the global economy, the severity and duration of which is difficult 
to predict and has adversely affected CS’s business, operations and financial performance. Modelling for 
current expected credit losses (“CECL”) has been made more difficult by the effects of the COVID-19 
pandemic on market volatility and macroeconomic factors, and has required ongoing monitoring and more 
frequent testing across the Group, particularly for credit models. There can be no assurance that, even after 
adjustments are made to model outputs, CS will not recognise unexpected losses arising from the model 
uncertainty that has resulted from the COVID-19 pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly 
impacted, and may continue to adversely affect, CS’s credit loss estimates, mark-to-market losses, trading 
revenues, net interest income and potential goodwill assessments, and may also adversely affect CS’s ability

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
21 
to successfully realise its strategic objectives and goals, including those related to the strategy that the Group 
announced on 4th November 2021. Should current economic conditions persist or deteriorate, the 
macroeconomic environment could have a continued adverse effect on the aspects outlined herein and on 
other aspects of CS’s business, operations and financial performance, including decreased client activity or 
demand for its products, disruptions to its workforce or operating systems, possible constraints on capital and 
liquidity or a possible downgrade of its credit ratings. Additionally, legislative and regulatory changes in 
response to the COVID-19 pandemic, such as consumer and corporate relief measures, could further affect 
CS’s business. As such measures are often rapidly introduced and varying in their nature, CS is also exposed 
to heightened risks as it may be required to implement large-scale changes quickly. Furthermore, increases 
in inflation and expectations that annual inflation may remain high for a long period of time has forced major 
central banks to accelerate the withdrawal of emergency monetary policies and liquidity support measures 
put in place during the earlier stages of the COVID-19 pandemic. As some of these measures expire, are 
withdrawn or are no longer supported by governments, economic growth may be negatively impacted, which 
in turn may adversely affect CS’s business, operations and financial performance. 
The extent of the adverse impact of the pandemic on the global economy and markets will depend, in part, 
on the duration and severity of the measures taken to limit the spread of the virus and counter its impact, 
including further emergence of more easily transmissible and/or dangerous strains of COVID-19 and the 
availability, successful distribution and public acceptance of vaccines and treatments, and, in part, on the size 
and effectiveness of the compensating measures taken by governments, including additional stimulus 
legislation, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. To 
the extent the COVID-19 pandemic continues to adversely affect the global economy, and/or CS’s business, 
operations or financial performance, it may also have the effect of increasing the likelihood and/or magnitude 
of other risks described herein, or may give rise to other risks not presently known to CS or not currently 
expected to be significant to CS’s business, operations or financial performance. CS continues to closely 
monitor the potential adverse effects and impact on its operations, businesses and financial performance, 
including liquidity and capital usage, though the extent of the impact is difficult to fully and accurately predict 
at this time due to the continuing evolution of this uncertain situation. For further information, refer to 
“Operating environment” and “Credit Suisse” in “I – Credit Suisse results” in the Financial Report 1Q22 and 
in the Financial Report 2Q22. 
2.2 
CS may incur significant losses on its trading and investment activities due to market fluctuations 
and volatility 
Although CS continues to strive to reduce its balance sheet and has made significant progress in implementing 
its strategy over the past few years, it also continues to maintain large trading and investment positions and 
hedges in the debt, currency and equity markets, and in private equity, hedge funds, real estate and other 
assets. These positions could be adversely affected by volatility in financial and other markets, that is, the 
degree to which prices fluctuate over a particular period in a particular market, regardless of market levels. 
To the extent that CS owns assets, or has net long positions, in any of those markets, a downturn in those 
markets could result in losses from a decline in the value of its net long positions. Conversely, to the extent 
that CS has sold assets that it does not own or has net short positions in any of those markets, an upturn in 
those markets could expose it to potentially significant losses as it attempts to cover its net short positions by 
acquiring assets in a rising market. Market fluctuations, downturns and volatility can adversely affect the fair 
value of CS’s positions and its results of operations. Adverse market or economic conditions or trends have 
caused, and in the future may cause, a significant decline in CS’s net revenues and profitability.

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
22 
2.3 
CS’s businesses and organisation are subject to the risk of loss from adverse market conditions 
and unfavourable economic, monetary, political, legal, regulatory and other developments in the 
countries in which it operates 
As a global financial services company, CS’s businesses could be materially adversely affected by 
unfavourable global and local economic and market conditions, as well as geopolitical events and other 
developments in Europe, the U.S., Asia and elsewhere around the world (even in countries in which CS does 
not currently conduct business). For example, the escalating conflict between Russia and Ukraine could lead 
to regional and/or global instability, as well as adversely affect commodity and other financial markets or 
economic conditions. The U.S., the EU, the UK, Switzerland and other countries have imposed, and may 
further impose, financial and economic sanctions and export controls targeting certain Russian entities and/or 
individuals, and CS may face restrictions on engaging with certain consumer and/or institutional businesses 
due to any current or impending sanctions and laws (including any Russian countermeasures), which could 
adversely affect CS’s business. Further, numerous countries have experienced severe economic disruptions 
particular to that country or region, including extreme currency fluctuations, high inflation, or low or negative 
growth, among other negative conditions, which could have an adverse effect on CS’s operations and 
investments. Equity market volatility has decreased during 2021 compared to the previous year despite 
ongoing concerns surrounding the spread of COVID-19. The economic environment may experience further 
volatility, increased inflation or other negative economic impacts depending on the longevity and severity of 
the COVID-19 pandemic. For further information, refer to “I – Information on the company – Regulation 
and supervision” and “Key risk developments” in “III – Treasury, Risk, Balance sheet and Off-balance sheet 
– Risk management” in the Annual Report 2021. 
Although the severity of the European sovereign debt crisis appears to have abated somewhat over recent 
years, political uncertainty, including in relation to the UK’s withdrawal from the EU, remains elevated and 
could cause disruptions in market conditions in Europe and around the world and could further have an 
adverse impact on financial institutions, including CS. The economic and political impact of the UK leaving 
the EU, including on investments and market confidence in the UK and the remainder of the EU, may 
adversely affect CS’s future results of operations and financial condition. 
Following the UK’s withdrawal from the EU, CS’s legal entities that are organised or operate in the UK face 
limitations on providing services or otherwise conducting business in the EU, which require CS to implement 
significant changes to its legal entity structure. In addition, as part of an overarching global legal entity 
simplification programme, the Group has developed a comprehensive EU entity strategy and is also defining 
a strategy to optimise the legal entity structure across other regions, including expediting the closure of 
redundant entities. There are a number of uncertainties that may affect the feasibility, scope and timing of the 
intended results, including the outcome of the ongoing negotiations between the EU and the UK for a 
framework for regulatory co-operation on financial services and the operation of their unilateral and 
autonomous processes for recognising each other’s regulatory framework as equivalent. Finally, future 
significant legal and regulatory changes, including possible regulatory divergence between the EU and the 
UK, affecting the Group and its operations may require it to make further changes to its legal structure. The 
implementation of these changes has required, and may further require, the investment of significant time 
and resources and has increased, and may potentially further increase, operational, regulatory compliance, 
capital, funding and tax costs, as well as the Group’s counterparties’ credit risk. For further information, refer 
to “UK-EU relationship” in “I – Information on the company – Regulation and supervision – Recent 
regulatory developments and proposals – EU” and “Corporate Governance framework” in “IV – Corporate 
Governance” in the Annual Report 2021. 
The environment of political uncertainty in countries and regions in which CS conducts business may also 
affect CS’s business. The increased popularity of nationalist and protectionist sentiments, including 
implementation of trade barriers and restrictions on market access, may result in significant shifts in national

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
23 
policy and a decelerated path to further European integration. Similar uncertainties exist regarding the impact 
of supply chain disruptions, labour shortages, wage pressures, rising inflation, the escalating conflict between 
Russia and Ukraine and the continuing COVID-19 pandemic, any of which may be disruptive to global 
economic growth and may also negatively affect the CS’s business. 
In the past, the low interest rate environment has adversely affected CS’s net interest income and the value 
of its trading and non-trading fixed income portfolios, and resulted in a loss of customer deposits, as well as 
an increase in the liabilities relating to CS’s existing pension plans. Furthermore, while interest rates may 
remain low for a longer period of time, major central banks have begun increasing or signalling that they 
expect to increase interest rates in response to rising inflation concerns. Future changes in interest rates, 
including increasing interest rates or changes in the current negative short-term interest rates in CS’s home 
market, could adversely affect its businesses and results. Interest rate cuts by national governments and 
central banks could also adversely impact CS’s net interest income. In addition, movements in equity markets 
have affected the value of CS’s trading and non-trading equity portfolios, while the historical strength of the 
Swiss franc has adversely affected CS’s revenues and net income and exposed it to currency exchange rate 
risk. Further, diverging monetary policies among the major economies in which CS operates, in particular, 
among the Board of Governors of the U.S. Federal Reserve System (the “Fed”), the European Central Bank 
and the Swiss National Bank (the “SNB”), may adversely affect its results. 
Such adverse market or economic conditions may negatively impact CS’s investment banking and wealth 
management businesses and adversely affect net revenues it receives from commissions and spreads. These 
conditions may result in lower investment banking client activity, adversely impacting CS’s financial 
advisory and underwriting fees. Such conditions may also adversely affect the types and volumes of securities 
trades that CS executes for customers. Cautious investor behaviour in response to adverse conditions could 
result in generally decreased client demand for CS’s products, which could negatively impact its results of 
operations and opportunities for growth. Unfavourable market and economic conditions have affected CS’s 
businesses in the past, including the low interest rate environment, continued cautious investor behaviour and 
changes in market structure. These negative factors could be reflected, for example, in lower commissions 
and fees from CS’s client-flow sales and trading and asset management activities, including commissions and 
fees that are based on the value of its clients’ portfolios. 
CS’s response to adverse market or economic conditions may differ from that of its competitors and an 
investment performance that is below that of competitors or asset management benchmarks could also result 
in a decline in assets under management and related fees, making it harder to attract new clients. There could 
be a shift in client demand away from more complex products, which may result in significant client 
deleveraging, and CS’s results of operations related to wealth management and asset management activities 
could be adversely affected. Adverse market or economic conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 
pandemic, could exacerbate such effects. 
In addition, several of CS’s businesses engage in transactions with, or trade in obligations of, governmental 
entities, including supranational, national, state, provincial, municipal and local authorities. These activities 
can expose CS to enhanced sovereign, credit-related, operational and reputational risks, which may also 
increase as a result of adverse market or economic conditions. Risks related to these transactions include the 
risks that a governmental entity may default on or restructure its obligations or may claim that actions taken 
by government officials were beyond the legal authority of those officials, which have in the past and may in 
the future adversely affect CS’s financial condition and results of operations. 
Adverse market or economic conditions could also affect CS’s private equity investments. If a private equity 
investment substantially declines in value, CS may not receive any increased share of the income and gains 
from such investment (to which CS is entitled in certain cases when the return on such investment exceeds 
certain threshold returns), may be obliged to return to investors previously received excess carried interest

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
24 
payments and may lose its pro rata share of the capital invested. In addition, it could become more difficult 
to dispose of the investment, as even investments that are performing well may prove difficult to exit. 
In addition to the macroeconomic factors discussed above, other political, social and environmental 
developments beyond CS’s control, including terrorist attacks, cyber attacks, military conflicts, diplomatic 
tensions, economic or political sanctions, disease pandemics, war, political or civil unrest and widespread 
demonstrations, climate change, natural disasters or infrastructure issues, such as transportation or power 
failures, could have a material adverse effect on economic and market conditions, market volatility and 
financial activity, with a potential related effect on CS’s businesses and results. In addition, as geopolitical 
tensions rise, compliance with legal or regulatory obligations in one jurisdiction may be seen as supporting 
the law or policy objectives of that jurisdiction over another jurisdiction, creating additional risks for CS’s 
business. For further information, refer to “Non-financial risk” in “III – Treasury, Risk, Balance sheet and 
Off balance sheet – Risk management – Risk coverage and management” in the Annual Report 2021. 
2.4 
Uncertainties regarding the discontinuation of benchmark rates may adversely affect CS’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations and are requiring adjustments to CS’s 
agreements with clients and other market participants, as well as to CS’s systems and processes 
In July 2017, the FCA which regulates the London interbank offered rate (“LIBOR”), announced that it will 
no longer compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after year-end 2021. 
Other interbank offered rates (“IBORs”) may also be permanently discontinued or cease to be representative. 
In March 2021, the FCA confirmed that, consistent with its prior announcement, all CHF, EUR, GBP and 
JPY LIBOR settings and the one-week and two month USD LIBOR settings will permanently cease to be 
provided by any administrator or will no longer be representative immediately after 31st December 2021. As 
of 1st January 2022, these LIBOR settings are no longer available on a representative basis. Although the 
one, three and six-month GBP and JPY LIBOR settings remain published on a synthetic, temporary and non-
representative basis, primarily to facilitate the transition of any residual legacy contract that the parties were 
unable to address in time, these synthetic LIBORs are not available for reference in new trading activity. The 
remaining USD LIBOR settings will permanently cease to be provided by any administrator or will no longer 
be representative immediately after 30th June 2023, providing additional time to address the legacy contracts 
that reference such USD LIBOR settings. 
However, there is no certainty that the extended period of time to transition to alternative reference rates 
(“ARRs”) is sufficient given how widely USD LIBOR is referenced. A number of initiatives have been 
developed to support the transition, such as the publication by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) of Supplement number 70 to the 2006 ISDA Definitions (the “IBOR 
Supplement”) and the accompanying IBOR Protocol. Although these measures may help facilitate the 
derivatives markets’ transition away from IBORs, CS’s clients and other market participants may not adhere 
to the IBOR Protocol or may not be otherwise willing to apply the provisions of the IBOR Supplement to 
relevant documentation. Furthermore, no similar multilateral mechanism exists to amend legacy loans or 
bonds, many of which must instead be amended individually, which may require the consent of multiple 
lenders or bondholders. As a consequence, there can be no assurance that market participants, including CS, 
will be able to successfully modify all outstanding IBOR referencing contracts or otherwise be sufficiently 
prepared for the uncertainties resulting from cessation, potentially leading to disputes. Legislation has been 
proposed or enacted in a number of jurisdictions to address affected contracts without robust fallback 
provisions. For example, New York State has enacted legislation providing for the replacement of USD 
LIBOR-based benchmarks in certain agreements by operation of law. However, the scope of this legislation 
is limited and may be subject to challenge on various grounds. In addition, it is uncertain whether, when and 
how other jurisdictions will enact similar legislation. Furthermore, the terms and scope of existing and future 
legislative solutions may be inconsistent and potentially overlapping.

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
25 
CS has identified a significant number of its liabilities and assets, including credit instruments such as credit 
agreements, loans and bonds, linked to IBORs across its businesses that require transition to ARRs. The 
overwhelming majority of CS’s legacy non-USD LIBOR portfolio has been remediated, either by active 
transition to ARRs, or by adding robust fallback provisions intended to govern the transition to ARRs upon 
the cessation of LIBORs. While CS has a significant level of liabilities and assets linked to USD LIBOR, 
derivatives make up the majority of the legacy portfolio, and many of its derivative counterparts have already 
adhered to the IBOR Protocol. The discontinuation of IBORs or future changes in the administration of 
benchmarks could result in adverse consequences to the return on, value of and market for securities, credit 
instruments and other instruments whose returns or contractual mechanics are linked to any such benchmark, 
including those issued and traded by the Group. For example, ARR-linked products may not provide a term 
structure and may calculate interest payments differently than benchmark-linked products, which could lead 
to greater uncertainty with respect to corresponding payment obligations. The transition to ARRs also raises 
concerns of liquidity risk, which may arise due to slow acceptance, take-up and development of liquidity in 
products that use ARRs, leading to market dislocation or fragmentation. It is also possible that such products 
will perform differently to IBOR products during times of economic stress, adverse or volatile market 
conditions and across the credit and economic cycle, which may impact the value, return on and profitability 
of CS’s ARR-based assets. The transition to ARRs also requires a change in contractual terms of existing 
products currently linked to IBORs. Further, the replacement of IBORs with an ARR in existing securities 
and other contracts, or in internal discounting models, could negatively impact the value of and return on 
such existing securities, credit instruments and other contracts and result in mispricing and additional legal, 
financial, tax, operational, market, compliance, reputational, competitive or other risks to CS, its clients and 
other market participants. For example, CS may face a risk of litigation, disputes or other actions from clients, 
counterparties, customers, investors or others regarding the interpretation or enforcement of related 
contractual provisions or if it fails to appropriately communicate the effect that the transition to ARRs will 
have on existing and future products. Further, litigation, disputes or other action may occur as a result of the 
interpretation or application of legislation, in particular, if there is an overlap between legislation introduced 
in different jurisdictions. In addition, the transition to ARRs requires changes to CS’s documentation, 
methodologies, processes, controls, systems and operations, which has resulted and may continue to result in 
increased effort and cost. There may also be related risks that arise in connection with the transition. For 
example, CS’s hedging strategy may be negatively impacted or market risk may increase in the event of 
different ARRs applying to its assets compared to its liabilities. In particular, CS’s swaps and similar 
instruments that reference an IBOR and that are used to manage long-term interest rate risk related to its 
credit instruments could adopt different ARRs than the related credit instruments, resulting in potential basis 
risk and potentially making hedging its credit instruments more costly or less effective. For further 
information, refer to “Replacement of interbank offered rates” in “II – Operating and financial review – 
Credit Suisse – Other information” in the Annual Report 2021. 
2.5 
CS may incur significant losses in the real estate sector 
CS finances and acquires principal positions in a number of real estate and real estate-related products, 
primarily for clients, and originates loans secured by commercial and residential properties. As of 
31st December 2021, the Group’s real estate loans as reported to the SNB, totalled approximately CHF 147.9 
billion. CS also securitises and trades in commercial and residential real estate and real estate-related whole 
loans, mortgages, and other real estate and commercial assets and products, including commercial mortgage-
backed securities and residential mortgage-backed securities. CS’s real estate-related businesses and risk 
exposures could be adversely affected by any downturn in real estate markets, other sectors and the economy 
as a whole. In particular, CS has exposure to commercial real estate, which has been impacted by the COVID-
19 pandemic and resulting tight government controls and containment measures. Should these conditions 
persist or deteriorate, they could create additional risk for CS’s commercial real estate-related businesses. In

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
26 
addition, the risk of potential price corrections in the real estate market in certain areas of Switzerland could 
have a material adverse effect on CS’s real estate-related businesses. 
2.6 
Holding large and concentrated positions can expose CS to large losses 
Concentrations of risk can expose the Group to large losses given that CS has provided or may in the future 
provide sizeable loans to, conduct sizeable transactions with and own securities holdings in, certain 
customers, clients, counterparties, industries, countries or any pool of exposures with a common risk 
characteristic. Decreasing economic growth in any sector in which CS makes significant commitments, for 
example, through underwriting, lending or advisory services, could also negatively affect CS’s net revenues. 
In addition, a significant deterioration in the credit quality of one of CS’s borrowers or counterparties could 
lead to concerns about the creditworthiness of other borrowers or counterparties in similar, related or 
dependent industries. This type of interrelationship could exacerbate its credit, liquidity and market risk 
exposure and potentially cause it to incur losses. 
CS has significant risk concentration in the financial services industry as a result of the large volume of 
transactions it routinely conducts with broker-dealers, banks, funds and other financial institutions, and in the 
ordinary conduct of CS’s business, it can be subject to risk concentration with a particular counterparty. In 
addition, CS, and other financial institutions, may pose systemic risk in a financial or credit crisis, and may 
be vulnerable to market sentiment and confidence, particularly during periods of severe economic stress. CS, 
like other financial institutions, continues to adapt its practices and operations in consultation with its 
regulators to better address an evolving understanding of its exposure to, and management of, systemic risk 
and risk concentration to financial institutions. Regulators continue to focus on these risks, and there are 
numerous new regulations and government proposals, and significant ongoing regulatory uncertainty, about 
how best to address them. There can be no assurance that the changes in CS’s industry, operations, practices 
and regulation will be effective in managing these risks. For further information, refer to “I – Information on 
the company – Regulation and supervision” in the Annual Report 2021 and “II – Treasury, risk, balance sheet 
and off-balance sheet – Capital management – Regulatory framework” in the Financial Report 1Q22 and in 
the Financial Report 2Q22.  
Risk concentration can cause CS to suffer losses even when economic and market conditions are generally 
favourable for others in its industry. 
2.7 
CS’s hedging strategies may not prevent losses 
If any of the variety of instruments and strategies CS uses to hedge its exposure to various types of risk in its 
businesses is not effective, it can incur losses. CS may be unable to purchase hedges or be only partially 
hedged, or its hedging strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating its risk exposure in all market 
environments or against all types of risk. 
2.8 
Market risk may increase the other risks that CS faces 
In addition to the potentially adverse effects on CS’s businesses described above, market risk could 
exacerbate the other risks that CS faces. For example, if CS were to incur substantial trading losses, its need 
for liquidity could rise sharply while its access to liquidity could be impaired. In conjunction with another 
market downturn, CS’s customers and counterparties could also incur substantial losses of their own, thereby 
weakening their financial condition and increasing CS’s credit and counterparty risk exposure to them. 
2.9 
CS can suffer significant losses from its credit exposures 
CS’s businesses are subject to the fundamental risk that borrowers and other counterparties will be unable to 
perform their obligations. CS’s credit exposures exist across a wide range of transactions that it engages in

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
27 
with a large number of clients and counterparties, including lending relationships, commitments and letters 
of credit, as well as derivative, currency exchange and other transactions. CS’s exposure to credit risk can be 
exacerbated by adverse economic or market trends, as well as increased volatility in relevant markets or 
instruments. For example, adverse economic effects arising from the COVID-19 pandemic, such as 
disruptions to economic activity and global supply chains, labour shortages, wage pressures and rising 
inflation, will likely continue to negatively impact the creditworthiness of certain counterparties and result in 
increased credit losses for CS’s businesses. In addition, disruptions in the liquidity or transparency of the 
financial markets may result in CS’s inability to sell, syndicate or realise the value of its positions, thereby 
leading to increased concentrations. Any inability to reduce these positions may not only increase the market 
and credit risks associated with such positions, but also increase the level of RWA on CS’s balance sheet, 
thereby increasing its capital requirements, all of which could adversely affect its businesses. For information 
on management of credit risk, refer to “Credit risk” in “III – Treasury, Risk, Balance sheet and Off-balance 
sheet – Risk management – Risk coverage and management” in the Annual Report 2021 and “II – Treasury, 
risk, balance sheet and off-balance sheet – Risk management” in the Financial Report 1Q22 and in the 
Financial Report 2Q22. 
CS’s regular review of the creditworthiness of clients and counterparties for credit losses does not depend on 
the accounting treatment of the asset or commitment. Changes in creditworthiness of loans and loan 
commitments that are fair valued are reflected in trading revenues. 
The determination by CS’s management of the provision for credit losses is subject to significant judgement, 
and CS may not accurately assess or mitigate all areas of exposure. CS’s banking businesses may need to 
increase their provisions for credit losses or may record losses in excess of the previously determined 
provisions if its original estimates of loss prove inadequate, which could have a material adverse effect on 
CS’s results of operations. The Group’s accounting standards generally require management to estimate 
lifetime CECL on the Group’s credit exposure held at amortised cost. CS’s adoption of the CECL accounting 
standard in 2020 has resulted and could in the future result in greater volatility in earnings and capital levels 
due to economic developments or occurrence of an extreme and statistically rare event that cannot be 
adequately reflected in the CECL model. For example, the effects surrounding the continuation of the 
COVID-19 pandemic could have an adverse effect on the Group’s credit loss estimates and goodwill 
assessments in the future, which could have a significant impact on its results of operations and regulatory 
capital. In addition, CS is applying model overlays, as the CECL model outputs are overly sensitive to the 
effect of economic inputs that lie significantly outside of their historical range. CS can suffer unexpected 
losses if the models and assumptions that are used to estimate its allowance for credit losses are not sufficient 
to address its credit losses. For information on provisions for credit losses and related risk mitigation, refer 
to “Note 1 – Summary of significant accounting policies”, “Note 9 – Provision for credit losses”, “Note 19 – 
Loans” and “Note 20 – Financial instruments measured at amortized cost and credit losses”, each in “VI – 
Consolidated financial statements – Credit Suisse Group” in the Annual Report 2021 and “II – Treasury, risk, 
balance sheet and off-balance sheet – Risk management” and “Note 9 – Provision for credit losses”, “Note 
18 – Loans” and “Note 19 – Financial instruments measured at amortized cost and credit losses”, each in 
“III – Condensed consolidated financial statements – unaudited” in the Financial Report 1Q22 and in the 
Financial Report 2Q22. 
Under certain circumstances, CS may assume long-term credit risk, extend credit against illiquid collateral 
and price derivative instruments aggressively based on the credit risks that CS takes. As a result of these risks, 
CS’s capital and liquidity requirements may continue to increase.

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
28 
2.10 Defaults by one or more large financial institutions could adversely affect financial markets 
generally and CS specifically 
Concerns, rumours about or an actual default by one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, 
losses or defaults by other institutions because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may 
be closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships between institutions. This risk 
is typically referred to as systemic risk. Concerns about defaults by and failures of many financial institutions 
could lead to losses or defaults by financial institutions and financial intermediaries with which CS interacts 
on a daily basis, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges. CS’s credit 
risk exposure will also increase if the collateral it holds cannot be realised or can only be liquidated at prices 
insufficient to cover the full amount of the exposure. 
2.11 The information that CS uses to manage its credit risk may be inaccurate or incomplete 
Although CS regularly reviews its credit exposure to specific clients and counterparties and to specific 
industries, countries and regions that it believes may present credit concerns, default risk may arise from 
events or circumstances that are difficult to foresee or detect, such as fraud. CS may also lack correct and 
complete information with respect to the credit or trading risks of a counterparty or risk associated with 
specific industries, countries and regions or misinterpret such information that is received or otherwise 
incorrectly assess a given risk situation. Additionally, there can be no assurance that measures instituted to 
manage such risk will be effective in all instances. 
3 
Strategy risk 
3.1 
CSG and its subsidiaries, including CS, may not achieve all of the expected benefits of the Group’s 
strategic initiatives 
On 4th November 2021, the Group announced certain changes to the structure and organisation of the Group 
and a new strategy and restructuring programme. This programme is intended to support the Group’s efforts 
to achieve its strategic objectives, which are based on a number of key assumptions regarding the future 
economic environment, the economic growth of certain geographic regions, the regulatory landscape, the 
Group’s ability to meet certain financial goals, anticipated interest rates and central bank action, among other 
things. If any of these assumptions (including, but not limited to, the Group’s ability to meet certain financial 
goals) prove inaccurate in whole or in part, the Group’s ability to achieve some or all of the expected benefits 
of its strategy could be limited, including its ability to generate structural cost savings, fund growth 
investments, retain key employees, distribute capital to CSG’s shareholders or achieve its other goals, such 
as those in relation to return on tangible equity. In addition, the Group depends on dividends, distributions 
and other payments from its subsidiaries to fund external dividend payments and share buybacks. Factors 
beyond the Group’s control, including, but not limited, to market and economic conditions, changes in laws, 
rules or regulations, execution risk related to the implementation of the Group’s strategy and other challenges 
and risk factors discussed in this Base Prospectus, could limit its ability to achieve some or all of the expected 
benefits of this strategy. Capital payments from subsidiaries might be restricted as a result of regulatory, tax 
or other constraints. If the Group is unable to implement its strategy successfully in whole or in part or should 
the components of the strategy that are implemented fail to produce the expected benefits, the Group’s 
financial results and CSG’s share price may be materially and adversely affected. For further information on 
the Group’s strategic direction, refer to “I – Information on the company – Strategy” in the Annual Report 
2021. 
Additionally, part of the Group’s strategy has involved a change in focus within certain areas of its business, 
including the exit of certain businesses, as well as the expansion of products, such as sustainable investment 
and financing offerings, which may have unanticipated negative effects in other areas of the business and

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
29 
may result in an adverse effect on its business as a whole. For example, CS anticipates that revenues for the 
Investment Bank will be adversely affected by the planned exit of substantially all of the Group’s prime 
services business and the related reduction of more than USD 3 billion in capital from the Investment Bank. 
In addition, the effect of the impairment of the capital effective component of the participation book values 
of Credit Suisse AG, discussed in the Annual Report 2021, may also have an adverse effect on CS’s results 
of operations in certain areas of its business. 
The implementation of the Group’s strategy may increase its exposure to certain risks, including, but not 
limited to credit risks, market risks, operational risks and regulatory risks. The Group also seeks to achieve 
certain financial goals, for example in relation to return on tangible equity, which may or may not be 
successful. There is no guarantee that the Group will be able to achieve these goals in the form described or 
at all. Finally, changes to the organisational structure of the Group’s business, as well as changes in personnel 
and management, may lead to temporary instability of its operations. 
In addition, acquisitions and other similar transactions the Group undertakes subject the Group to certain 
risks. Even though the Group reviews the records of companies it plans to acquire, it is generally not feasible 
for the Group to review all such records in detail. Even an in-depth review of records may not reveal existing 
or potential problems or permit the Group to become familiar enough with a business to fully assess its 
capabilities and deficiencies. As a result, the Group may assume unanticipated liabilities (including legal and 
compliance issues), or an acquired business may not perform as well as expected. The Group also faces the 
risk that it will not be able to integrate acquisitions into its existing operations effectively as a result of, among 
other things, differing procedures, business practices and technology systems, as well as difficulties in 
adapting an acquired company into its organisational structure. The Group faces the risk that the returns on 
acquisitions will not support the expenditures or indebtedness incurred to acquire such businesses or the 
capital expenditures needed to develop such businesses. The Group also faces the risk that unsuccessful 
acquisitions may result in it being required to write down or write off any goodwill associated with such 
transactions. The Group continues to have a significant amount of goodwill recorded on its balance sheet that 
could result in additional goodwill impairment charges. 
The Group may also seek to engage in new joint ventures (within the Group and with external parties) and 
strategic alliances. Although the Group endeavours to identify appropriate partners, its joint venture efforts 
may prove unsuccessful or may not justify its investment and other commitments. 
4 
Country and currency exchange risk 
4.1 
Country risks may increase market and credit risks that CS faces 
Country, regional and political risks are components of market and credit risk. Financial markets and 
economic conditions, generally, have been and may in the future be materially affected by such risks. 
Economic or political pressures in a country or region, including those arising from local market disruptions, 
currency crises, monetary controls or other factors, may adversely affect the ability of clients or counterparties 
located in that country or region to obtain foreign currency or credit and, therefore, to perform their 
obligations to CS, which in turn may have an adverse impact on CS’s results of operations. 
4.2 
CS may face significant losses in emerging markets 
An element of the Group’s strategy is to increase its wealth management businesses in emerging market 
countries. The Group’s implementation of this strategy will increase CS’s existing exposure to economic 
instability in those countries. CS monitors these risks, seeks diversity in the sectors in which it invests and 
emphasises client-driven business. CS’s efforts at limiting emerging market risk, however, may not always 
succeed. In addition, various emerging market countries have experienced and may continue to experience 
severe economic, financial and political disruptions or slower economic growth than in previous years, 
including significant devaluations of their currencies, defaults or threatened defaults on sovereign debt and

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
30 
capital and currency exchange controls. In addition, sanctions have been imposed on certain individuals and 
companies in these markets that prohibit or restrict dealings with them and certain related entities and further 
sanctions are possible. The possible effects of any such disruptions may include an adverse impact on CS’s 
businesses and increased volatility in financial markets generally. 
4.3 
Currency fluctuations may adversely affect CS’s results of operations 
CS is exposed to risk from fluctuations in exchange rates for currencies, particularly the U.S. dollar. In 
particular, a substantial portion of CS’s assets and liabilities are denominated in currencies other than the 
Swiss franc, which is the primary currency of its financial reporting. CS’s capital is also stated in Swiss francs 
and CS does not fully hedge its capital position against changes in currency exchange rates. The Swiss franc 
remained strong in 2021. 
As CS incurs a significant part of its expenses in Swiss francs while it generates a large proportion of its 
revenues in other currencies, its earnings are sensitive to changes in the exchange rates between the Swiss 
franc and other major currencies. Although CS has implemented a number of measures designed to offset the 
impact of exchange rate fluctuations on its results of operations, the appreciation of the Swiss franc, in 
particular, and exchange rate volatility in general have had an adverse impact on CS’s results of operations 
and capital position in recent years and may continue to have an adverse effect in the future. 
5 
Operational, risk management and estimation risks 
5.1 
CS is exposed to a wide variety of operational risks, including cybersecurity and other information 
technology risks 
Operational risk is the risk of financial loss arising from inadequate or failed internal processes, people or 
systems or from external events. In general, although CS has business continuity plans, its businesses face a 
wide variety of operational risks, including technology risk that stems from dependencies on information 
technology, third party suppliers and the telecommunications infrastructure as well as from the 
interconnectivity of multiple financial institutions with central agents, exchanges and clearing houses. As a 
global financial services company, CS relies heavily on its financial, accounting and other data processing 
systems, which are varied and complex and it may face additional technology risks due to the global nature 
of its operations. CS’s business depends on its ability to process a large volume of diverse and complex 
transactions within a short space of time, including derivatives transactions, which have increased in volume 
and complexity. CS may rely on automation, robotic processing, machine learning and artificial intelligence 
for certain operations, and this reliance may increase in the future with corresponding advancements in 
technology, which could expose CS to additional cybersecurity risks. CS is exposed to operational risk arising 
from errors made in the execution, confirmation or settlement of transactions or from transactions not being 
properly recorded or accounted for. Cybersecurity and other information technology risks for financial 
institutions have significantly increased in recent years, and CS may face an increased risk of cyber attacks 
or heightened risks associated with a lesser degree of data and intellectual property protection in certain 
foreign jurisdictions in which CS operates. Regulatory requirements in these areas have increased and are 
expected to increase further, which may vary and potentially conflict across different jurisdictions. 
Information security, data confidentiality and integrity are of critical importance to CS’s businesses, and there 
has been recent regulatory scrutiny on the ability of companies to safeguard personal information of 
individuals in accordance with data protection regulation, including the European General Data Protection 
Regulation and the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection. Governmental authorities, employees, individual 
customers or business partners may initiate proceedings against CS as a result of security breaches affecting 
the confidentiality or integrity of personal data, as well as the failure, or perceived failure, to comply with 
data protection regulations. The adequate monitoring of operational risks and adherence to data protection 
regulations have also come under increased regulatory scrutiny. Any failure of CS to adequately ensure the 
security of data and to address the increased technology-related operational risks could also lead to regulatory

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
31 
sanctions or investigations and a loss of trust in its systems, which may adversely affect its reputation, 
business and operations. For further information, refer to “Recent regulatory developments and proposals – 
Switzerland – Data Protection Act”, “Regulatory Framework – Switzerland – Cybersecurity”, “Regulatory 
Framework – US – Cybersecurity” and “Regulatory Framework – EU – Data protection regulation”, each in 
“I – Information on the company – Regulation and supervision” in the Annual Report 2021. 
Threats to CS’s cybersecurity and data protection systems require the Group to dedicate significant financial 
and human resources to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of its systems and information. 
Despite the wide range of security measures, it is not always possible to anticipate the evolving threat 
landscape and mitigate all risks to its systems and information. These threats may derive from human error, 
misconduct (including errors in judgement, fraud or malice and/or engaging in violations of applicable laws, 
rules, policies or procedures), or may result from accidental technological failure. There may also be attempts 
to fraudulently induce employees, clients, third parties or other users of CS’s systems to disclose sensitive 
information in order to gain access to its data or that of its clients. CS could also be affected by risks to the 
systems and information of its clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties. For 
example, remote working may require CS’s employees to use third party technology, which may not provide 
the same level of information security as CS’s own information systems. Risks relating to cyber attacks on 
its vendors and other third parties have also been increasing due to more frequent and severe supply chain 
attacks impacting software and information technology service providers in recent years. Security breaches 
may involve substantial remediation costs, affect CS’s ability to carry out its businesses or impair the trust of 
its clients or potential clients, any of which could have a material adverse effect on its business and financial 
results. In addition, CS may introduce new products or services or change processes, resulting in new 
operational risks that it may not fully appreciate or identify. 
The ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic has led to a wide-scale and prolonged shift to remote working for 
CS’s employees, which increases the vulnerability of its information technology systems and the likelihood 
of damage as a result of a cybersecurity incident. For example, the use of remote devices to access the firm’s 
networks could impact CS’s ability to quickly detect and mitigate security threats and human errors as they 
arise. Additionally, it is more challenging to ensure the comprehensive roll-out of system security updates 
and CS also has less visibility over the physical security of its devices and systems. CS’s customers have also 
increasingly relied on remote (digital) banking services during the COVID-19 pandemic. This has resulted 
in a greater demand for its information technology infrastructure and increases the potential significance of 
any outage or cybersecurity incident that may occur. Due to the evolving nature of cybersecurity risks and 
CS’s reduced visibility and control in light of remote working in the context of the global COVID-19 
pandemic, its efforts to provide appropriate policies and security measures may prove insufficient to mitigate 
all cybersecurity and data protection threats. The rise in remote access, by both CS’s employees and 
customers, has increased the burden on CS’s information technology systems and may cause its systems (and 
its ability to deliver its services) to become slow or fail entirely. Any slowdown in CS’s service delivery or 
any system outage due to overutilisation will have a negative impact on its business and reputation. 
CS and other financial institutions have suffered cyber attacks, information or security breaches, personal 
data breaches and other forms of attacks, incidents and failures. Cybersecurity risks have also significantly 
increased in recent years in part due to the growing number and increasingly sophisticated activities of 
malicious cyber actors, including organised crime groups, state-sponsored actors, terrorist organisations, 
extremist parties and hackers. In addition, CS has been and will continue to be subject to cyber attacks, 
information or security breaches, personal data breaches and other forms of attacks, incidents and failures 
involving disgruntled employees, activists and other third parties, including those engaging in corporate 
espionage. CS expects to continue to be the target of such attacks in the future, and it may experience other 
forms of cybersecurity or data protection incidents or failures in the future. In the event of a cyber attack, 
information or security breach, personal data breach or technology failure, CS has experienced and may in 
the future experience operational issues, the infiltration of payment systems or the unauthorised release,

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
32 
gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of confidential, proprietary and other information relating 
to the Group, its clients, employees, vendors, service providers, counterparties or other third parties. 
Emerging technologies, including the increasing use of automation, artificial intelligence and robotics, as 
well as the broad utilisation of third party financial data aggregators, could further increase CS’s cybersecurity 
risk and exposure. Given CS’s global footprint and the high volume of transactions it processes, the large 
number of clients, partners and counterparties with which CS does business, its growing use of digital, 
mobile, cloud and internet-based services, and the increasing frequency, sophistication and evolving nature 
of cyber attacks, a cyber attack, information or security breach, personal data breach or technology failure 
may occur without detection for an extended period of time. In addition, CS expects that any investigation of 
a cyber attack, information or security breach, personal data breach or technology failure will be inherently 
unpredictable and it may take time before any investigation is complete. These factors may inhibit CS’s 
ability to provide timely, accurate and complete information about the event to its clients, employees, 
regulators, other stakeholders and the public. During such time, CS may not know the extent of the harm or 
how best to remediate it and certain errors or actions may be repeated or compounded before they are 
discovered and rectified, all or any of which would further increase the costs and consequences of a cyber 
attack, information or security breach, personal data breach or technology failure. 
If any of CS’s systems do not operate properly or are compromised as a result of cyber attacks, information 
or security breaches, personal data breaches, technology failures, unauthorised access, loss or destruction of 
data, unavailability of service, computer viruses or other events that could have an adverse security impact, 
CS could, among other things, be subject to litigation or suffer financial loss not covered by insurance, a 
disruption of its businesses, liability to its clients, employees, counterparties or other third parties, damage to 
relationships with its vendors or service providers, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. Any such 
event could also require CS to expend significant additional resources to modify its protective measures or 
to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures. CS may also be required to expend resources 
to comply with new and increasingly expansive regulatory requirements related to cybersecurity. 
5.2 
CS may suffer losses due to employee misconduct 
CS’s businesses are exposed to risk from potential non-compliance with policies or regulations, employee 
misconduct or negligence and fraud, which could result in civil, regulatory or criminal investigations, 
litigation and charges, regulatory sanctions and serious reputational or financial harm. In recent years, a 
number of multinational financial institutions have suffered material losses due to, for example, the actions 
of traders executing unauthorised trades or other employee misconduct. It is not always possible to deter or 
fully prevent employee misconduct and the precautions CS takes to prevent and detect this activity have not 
always been, and may not always be, fully effective. 
5.3 
CS’s risk management procedures and policies may not be fully effective in mitigating its risk 
exposures in all market environments or against all types of risk, which can result in unexpected, 
material losses in the future 
CS seeks to monitor and control its risk exposure through a broad and diversified set of risk management 
policies and procedures as well as hedging strategies, including the use of models in analysing and monitoring 
the various risks it assumes in conducting its activities. These risk management strategies, techniques, 
models, procedures and policies, however, may not be fully effective in mitigating CS’s risk exposure in all 
economic market environments or against all types of risk, including risks that it fails to identify, anticipate 
or mitigate, in whole or in part, which may result in unexpected, material losses. 
Some of CS’s quantitative tools and metrics for managing risk, including value-at-risk and economic risk 
capital, are based upon its use of observed historical market behaviour. CS’s risk management tools and 
metrics may fail to predict important risk exposures. In addition, its quantitative modelling does not take all 
risks into account and makes numerous assumptions and judgements regarding the overall environment, and 
therefore cannot anticipate every market development or event or the specifics and timing of such outcomes.

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
33 
As a result, risk exposures could arise from factors CS did not anticipate or correctly evaluate in its statistical 
models. This could limit CS’s ability to manage its risks, and in these and other cases, it can also be difficult 
to reduce its risk positions due to the activity of other market participants or widespread market dislocations. 
As a result, CS’s losses may be significantly greater than what the historical measures may indicate. 
In addition, inadequacies or lapses in CS’s risk management procedures and policies can expose it to 
unexpected losses, and its financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely 
affected. For example, in respect of the Archegos matter, the independent report found, among other things, 
a failure to effectively manage risk in the Investment Bank’s prime services business by both the first and 
second lines of defence, as well as a lack of risk escalation. Such inadequacies or lapses can require significant 
resources and time to remediate, lead to non-compliance with laws, rules and regulations, attract heightened 
regulatory scrutiny, expose CS to regulatory investigations or legal proceedings and subject it to litigation or 
regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions, or capital surcharges or add-ons. In addition, such inadequacies 
or lapses can expose CS to reputational damage. If existing or potential customers, clients or counterparties 
believe CS’s risk management is inadequate, they could take their business elsewhere or seek to limit their 
transactions with CS, which could have a material adverse effect on its results of operation and financial 
condition. For information on CS’s risk management, refer to “III – Treasury, Risk, Balance sheet and Off-
balance sheet – Risk management” in the Annual Report 2021 and “II – Treasury, risk, balance sheet and off-
balance sheet – Risk management” in the Financial Report 1Q22 and in the Financial Report 2Q22. 
5.4 
CS’s actual results may differ from its estimates and valuations 
CS makes estimates and valuations that affect its reported results, including determining the fair value of 
certain assets and liabilities, establishing provisions for contingencies and losses for loans, litigation and 
regulatory proceedings, accounting for goodwill and intangible asset impairments, evaluating its ability to 
realise deferred tax assets, valuing equity-based compensation awards, modelling its risk exposure and 
calculating expenses and liabilities associated with its pension plans. These estimates are based on judgement 
and available information, and CS’s actual results may differ materially from these estimates. For more 
information on these estimates and valuations, refer to “Critical accounting estimates” in “II – Operating 
and financial review” and “Note 1 – Summary of significant accounting policies” in “VI – Consolidated 
financial statements – Credit Suisse Group” in the Annual Report 2021. 
CS’s estimates and valuations rely on models and processes to predict economic conditions and market or 
other events that might affect the ability of counterparties to perform their obligations to CS or impact the 
value of assets. To the extent CS’s models and processes become less predictive due to unforeseen market 
conditions, illiquidity or volatility, its ability to make accurate estimates and valuations could be adversely 
affected. 
5.5 
CS’s accounting treatment of off-balance sheet entities may change 
CS enters into transactions with special purpose entities (“SPEs”) in its normal course of business, and certain 
SPEs with which it transacts and conducts business are not consolidated and their assets and liabilities are 
off-balance sheet. CS may have to exercise significant management judgement in applying relevant 
accounting consolidation standards, either initially or after the occurrence of certain events that may require 
it to reassess whether consolidation is required. Accounting standards relating to consolidation, and their 
interpretation, have changed and may continue to change. If CS is required to consolidate an SPE, its assets 
and liabilities would be recorded on CS’s consolidated balance sheets and CS would recognise related gains 
and losses in its consolidated statements of operations, and this could have an adverse impact on its results 
of operations and capital and leverage ratios. For more information on CS’s transactions with and 
commitments to SPEs, refer to “III – Treasury, Risk, Balance sheet and Off-balance sheet – Balance sheet 
and off-balance sheet – Off-balance sheet” in the Annual Report 2021 and “II – Treasury, risk, balance sheet 
and off-balance sheet – Balance sheet and off-balance sheet – Off-balance sheet” in the Financial Report 
1Q22 and in the Financial Report 2Q22.

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
34 
5.6 
CS is exposed to climate change risks, which could adversely affect its reputation, business 
operations, clients and customers, as well as the creditworthiness of its counterparties 
CS operates in many regions, countries and communities around the world where its businesses, and the 
activities of its clients, could be impacted by climate change, which poses both short and long-term risks to 
CS and its clients. Climate change could expose CS to financial risk either through its physical (e.g. climate 
or weather-related events) or transitional (e.g. changes in climate policy or in the regulation of financial 
institutions with respect to climate change risks) effects. Transition risks could be further accelerated by the 
increasingly frequent occurrence of changes in the physical climate, such as hurricanes, floods, wildfires and 
extreme temperatures. 
Physical and transition climate risks could have a financial impact on CS either directly, through its physical 
assets, costs and operations, or indirectly, through its financial relationships with its clients. These risks are 
varied and include, but are not limited to, the risk of declines in asset values, including in connection with 
CS’s real estate investments, credit risk associated with loans and other credit exposures to its clients, business 
risk, including loss of revenues associated with reducing exposure to traditional business with clients that do 
not have a credible transition plan, decreased assets under management if such clients decide to move assets 
away, increased defaults and reallocation of capital as a result of changes in global policies, and regulatory 
risk, including ongoing legislative and regulatory uncertainties and changes regarding climate risk 
management and best practices. Additionally, the risk of reduced availability of insurance, operational risk 
related to CS-owned buildings and infrastructure, the risk of significant interruptions to business operations, 
as well as the need to make changes in response to those consequences are further examples of climate-related 
risks. 
At Credit Suisse’s 2020 Investor Day, the Group announced its ambition to achieve net zero emissions from 
its financing activities no later than 2050, with intermediate emissions goals to be defined for 2030, as part 
of its approach to align its financing with the objectives of the Paris Agreement. In order to reach these 
ambitions and goals, or any other related aspirations it may set from time to time, CS will need to incorporate 
climate considerations into its business strategy, products and services and its financial and non-financial risk 
management processes, and may incur significant cost and effort in doing so. Further, national and 
international standards, industry and scientific practices, regulatory requirements and market expectations 
regarding Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) initiatives are under continuous development, 
may rapidly change and are subject to different interpretations. There can be no assurance that these standards, 
practices, regulatory requirements and market expectations will not be interpreted differently than CS’s 
interpretation when setting its related goals and ambitions, or change in a manner that substantially increases 
the cost or effort for CS to achieve such goals and ambitions, or that its goals and ambitions may prove to be 
considerably more difficult or even impossible to achieve. This may be exacerbated if CS chooses or is 
required to accelerate its goals and ambitions based on national or international regulatory developments or 
stakeholder expectations. In addition, data relating to ESG, including climate change, may be limited in 
availability and variable in quality and consistency, which may limit CS’s ability to perform robust climate-
related risk analyses and realise its ambitions and goals. 
Given the growing volume of nascent climate and sustainability-related laws, rules and regulations, 
increasing demand from various stakeholders for environmentally sustainable products and services and 
regulatory scrutiny, CS and other financial institutions may be subject to increasing litigation, enforcement 
and contract liability risks in connection with climate change, environmental degradation and other ESG-
related issues. In addition, CS’s reputation and client relationships may be damaged by its, or its clients’, 
involvement in certain business activities associated with climate change or as a result of negative public 
sentiment, regulatory scrutiny or reduced investor and stakeholder confidence due to its response to climate 
change and its climate change strategy. If CS fails to appropriately measure and manage the various risks it 
faces as a result of climate change, fails to achieve the goals and ambitions it has set (or can only do so at a

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
35 
significant expense to its business), or fails to adapt its strategy and business model to the changing regulatory 
requirements and market expectations, its reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition 
could be materially adversely affected. For information on CS’s risk management procedures relating to 
climate change, refer to “Key risk developments – Climate change” and “Climate-related risks” in “III – 
Treasury, Risk, Balance sheet and Off-balance sheet – Risk management” in the Annual Report 2021. 
6 
Legal, regulatory and reputational risks 
6.1 
The Group’s exposure to legal liability is significant 
The Group faces significant legal risks in its businesses, and the volume and amount of damages claimed in 
litigation, regulatory proceedings and other adversarial proceedings against financial services firms continue 
to increase in many of the principal markets in which CS operates. 
CSG and its subsidiaries, including CS are subject to a number of material legal proceedings, regulatory 
actions and investigations, and an adverse result in one or more of these proceedings could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s operating results for any particular period, depending, in part, on its results for 
such period. For information relating to these and other legal and regulatory proceedings involving the 
Group’s investment banking and other businesses, refer to “Note 40 – Litigation” in “VI – Consolidated 
financial statements – Credit Suisse Group” in the Annual Report 2021 and “Note 33 – Litigation” in “III – 
Condensed consolidated financial statements – unaudited” in the Financial Report 1Q22 and in the Financial 
Report 2Q22. 
It is inherently difficult to predict the outcome of many of the legal, regulatory and other adversarial 
proceedings involving the Group’s businesses, particularly those cases in which the matters are brought on 
behalf of various classes of claimants, seek damages of unspecified or indeterminate amounts or involve 
novel legal claims. CS’s management is required to establish, increase or release reserves for losses that are 
probable and reasonably estimable in connection with these matters, all of which requires the application of 
significant judgement and discretion. For further information, refer to “Critical accounting estimates” in “II 
– Operating and financial review” and “Note 1 – Summary of significant accounting policies” in “VI – 
Consolidated financial statements – Credit Suisse Group” in the Annual Report 2021. 
6.2 
CS’s business is highly regulated, and existing, new or changed laws, rules and regulations may 
adversely affect its business and ability to execute its strategic plans 
In many areas of its business, CS is subject to extensive laws, rules and regulations by governments, 
governmental agencies, supervisory authorities and self-regulatory organisations in Switzerland, the EU, the 
UK, the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which CS operates. CS has in the past faced, and expects to continue 
to face, increasingly extensive and complex laws, rules, regulations and regulatory scrutiny and possible 
enforcement actions. In recent years, costs related to CS’s compliance with these requirements and the 
penalties and fines sought and imposed on the financial services industry by regulatory authorities have 
increased significantly. CS expects such increased regulation and enforcement to continue to increase its 
costs, including, but not limited to, costs related to compliance, systems and operations, and to negatively 
affect its ability to conduct certain types of business. These increased costs and negative impacts on CS’s 
business could adversely affect its profitability and competitive position. These laws, rules and regulations 
often serve to limit CS’s activities, including through the application of increased or enhanced capital, 
leverage and liquidity requirements, the implementation of additional capital surcharges for risks related to 
operational, litigation, regulatory and similar matters, customer protection and market conduct regulations, 
anti-money laundering, anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, rules and regulations, and direct or indirect 
restrictions on the businesses in which CS may operate or invest. Such limitations can have a negative effect 
on CS’s business and its ability to implement strategic initiatives. To the extent CS is required to divest certain 
businesses, it could incur losses, as it may be forced to sell such businesses at a discount, which in certain

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
36 
instances could be substantial, as a result of both the constrained timing of such sales and the possibility that 
other financial institutions are liquidating similar investments at the same time. 
Since 2008, regulators and governments have focused on the reform of the financial services industry, 
including enhanced capital, leverage and liquidity requirements, changes in compensation practices 
(including tax levies) and measures to address systemic risk, including ring-fencing certain activities and 
operations within specific legal entities. These regulations and requirements could require the Group to 
reduce assets held in certain subsidiaries or inject capital or other funds into or otherwise change its operations 
or the structure of its subsidiaries and the Group. Differences in the details and implementation of such 
regulations may further negatively affect the Group, including CS, as certain requirements are currently not 
expected to apply equally to all of the Group’s competitors or to be implemented uniformly across 
jurisdictions. 
Moreover, as a number of these requirements are currently being finalised and implemented, their regulatory 
impact may further increase in the future and their ultimate impact cannot be predicted at this time. For 
example, the Basel III reforms are still being finalised and implemented and/or phased in, as applicable. The 
additional requirements related to minimum regulatory capital, leverage ratios and liquidity measures 
imposed by Basel III, as implemented in Switzerland, together with more stringent requirements imposed by 
the Swiss legislation and their application by FINMA, and the related implementing ordinances and actions 
by CS’s regulators, have contributed to CS’s decision to reduce RWA and the size of its balance sheet, and 
could potentially affect its business, impact its access to capital markets and increase its funding costs. In 
addition, various reforms in the U.S., including the “Volcker Rule” and derivatives regulation, have imposed, 
and will continue to impose, new regulatory duties on certain of CS’s operations. These requirements have 
contributed to the Group’s decision to exit certain businesses (including a number of its private equity 
businesses) and may lead the Group to exit other businesses. Recent Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission, SEC and Fed rules and proposals have materially increased, or could in the future materially 
increase, the operating costs, including margin requirements, compliance, information technology and related 
costs, associated with CS’s derivatives businesses with U.S. persons, while at the same time making it more 
difficult for CS to operate a derivatives business outside the U.S. Further, in 2014, the Fed adopted a final 
rule under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act that introduced a new 
framework for regulation of the U.S. operations of foreign banking organisations such as CS. Implementation 
is expected to continue to result in CS incurring additional costs and to affect the way it conducts its business 
in the U.S., including through its U.S. intermediate holding company. 
Further, current and possible future cross-border tax regulation with extraterritorial effect, such as the U.S. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development global 
minimum tax rate levels and rules (“Pillar Two”) and other bilateral or multilateral tax treaties and 
agreements on the automatic exchange of information in tax matters, impose detailed reporting obligations 
and increased compliance and systems-related costs on CS’s businesses and, as concerns the Pillar Two 
system of global minimum tax, may affect CS’s tax rate. In addition, the U.S. tax reform enacted on 
22nd December 2017 introduced substantial changes to the U.S. tax system, including the lowering of the 
corporate tax rate and the introduction of the U.S. base erosion and anti-abuse tax. Additionally, 
implementation of regulations such as the Capital Requirements Directive V (“CRD V”) in the EU, the Swiss 
Financial Services Act of 15th June 2018, as amended (the “FinSA”), in Switzerland, and other reforms may 
negatively affect CS’s business activities. Whether or not FinSA, together with supporting or implementing 
ordinances and regulations, will be deemed equivalent to MiFID II, currently remains uncertain. Swiss banks, 
including CS, may accordingly be limited from participating in certain businesses regulated by MiFID II. 
Finally, CS expects that total loss-absorbing capacity (“TLAC”) requirements, currently in force in 
Switzerland, the U.S. and in the UK, as well as in the EU and which are being finalised in many other 
jurisdictions, as well as new requirements and rules with respect to the internal total loss-absorbing capacity 
(“iTLAC”) of global systemically imported banks and their operating entities, may increase CS’s cost of

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
37 
funding and restrict its ability to deploy capital and liquidity on a global basis as needed once the TLAC and 
iTLAC requirements are implemented across all relevant jurisdictions. 
CS is subject to economic sanctions laws and regulatory requirements of various countries. These laws and 
regulatory requirements generally prohibit or restrict transactions involving certain countries/territories and 
parties. CS’s costs of monitoring and complying with frequent, complex, and potentially conflicting changes 
to applicable economic sanctions laws and regulatory requirements have increased, and there is an increased 
risk that CS may not identify and stop prohibited activities before they occur or that it may otherwise fail to 
comply with economic sanctions laws and regulatory requirements. Any conduct targeted by or in violation 
of a sanctions programme could subject CS to significant civil and potentially criminal penalties or other 
adverse consequences. For further information, refer to “Sanctions” in “I – Information on the company – 
Regulation and supervision – Recent regulatory developments and proposals – US” in the Annual Report 
2021. 
The Group expects the financial services industry and its members, including CS, to continue to be affected 
by the significant uncertainty over the scope and content of regulatory reform in 2022 and beyond, in 
particular, uncertainty in relation to the future U.S. regulatory agenda, which includes a variety of proposals 
to change existing regulations or the approach to regulation of the financial industry, as well as potential new 
tax policy, and potential changes in regulation following the withdrawal of the UK from the EU and the 
results of European national elections. In addition, CS faces regulatory and legislative uncertainty in the U.S. 
and other jurisdictions with respect to climate change, including with respect to any new or changing 
disclosure requirements. Changes in laws, rules or regulations, or in their interpretation or enforcement, or 
the implementation of new laws, rules or regulations, may adversely affect CS’s results of operations. 
Despite CS’s best efforts to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations, a number of risks remain, 
particularly in areas where applicable laws, rules or regulations may be unclear or inconsistent across 
jurisdictions or where governments, regulators or international bodies, organisations or unions revise their 
previous guidance or courts overturn previous rulings. Additionally, authorities in many jurisdictions have 
the power to bring administrative or judicial proceedings against CS, which could result in, among other 
things, suspension or revocation of its licences, cease and desist orders, fines, civil penalties, criminal 
penalties, deferred prosecution agreements or other disciplinary action. Such matters have in the past and 
could in the future materially adversely affect CS’s results of operations and seriously harm its reputation. 
For a description of the Group’s regulatory regime and a summary of some of the significant regulatory and 
government reform proposals affecting the financial services industry, refer to “I – Information on the 
company – Regulation and supervision” in the Annual Report 2021. For information regarding CS’s current 
regulatory framework and expected changes to this framework affecting capital and liquidity standards, refer 
to “Liquidity and funding management” and “Capital management”, each in “III – Treasury, Risk, Balance 
sheet and Off-balance sheet” in the Annual Report 2021 and “II – Treasury, risk, balance sheet and off-
balance sheet” in the Financial Report 1Q22 and in the Financial Report 2Q22. 
6.3 
Damage to CS’s reputation can significantly harm its businesses, including its competitive position 
and business prospects 
CS suffered reputational harm as a result of the Archegos and SCFF matters and may suffer further 
reputational harm in the future as a result of these matters or other events. CS’s ability to attract and retain 
customers, clients, investors and employees, and conduct business transactions with its counterparties, can 
be adversely affected to the extent its reputation is damaged. Harm to its reputation can arise from various 
sources, including if its comprehensive procedures and controls fail, or appear to fail, to prevent employee 
misconduct, negligence and fraud, to address conflicts of interest and breach of fiduciary obligations, to 
produce materially accurate and complete financial and other information, to identify credit, liquidity, 
operational and market risks inherent in its business or to prevent adverse legal or regulatory actions or

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
38 
investigations. Additionally, CS’s reputation can be harmed by compliance failures, information or security 
breaches, personal data breaches, cyber incidents, technology failures, challenges to the suitability or 
reasonableness of its particular trading or investment recommendations or strategies and the activities of its 
customers, clients, counterparties and third parties. Actions by the financial services industry generally or by 
certain members or individuals in the industry also can adversely affect CS’s reputation. In addition, CS’s 
reputation may be negatively impacted by its ESG practices and disclosures, including those related to climate 
change and how it addresses ESG concerns in its business activities, or by its clients’ involvement in certain 
business activities associated with climate change. Adverse publicity or negative information in the media, 
posted on social media by employees, or otherwise, whether or not factually correct, can also adversely 
impact its business prospects or financial results, which risk can be magnified by the speed and pervasiveness 
with which information is disseminated through those channels. 
A reputation for financial strength and integrity is critical to CS’s performance in the highly competitive 
environment arising from globalisation and convergence in the financial services industry, and its failure to 
address, or the appearance of its failing to address, these and other issues gives rise to reputational risk that 
can harm its business, results of operations and financial condition. Failure to appropriately address any of 
these issues could also give rise to additional regulatory restrictions and legal risks, which may further lead 
to reputational harm. 
For further information, refer to “Reputational risk” in “III – Treasury, Risk, Balance sheet and Off-balance 
sheet – Risk management – Risk coverage and management” in the Annual Report 2021. 
6.4 
Resolution proceedings and resolution planning requirements may affect CS’s shareholders and 
creditors 
Pursuant to Swiss banking laws, FINMA has broad powers and discretion in the case of resolution 
proceedings with respect to a Swiss bank, such as Credit Suisse AG or Credit Suisse (Schweiz) AG (a wholly 
owned subsidiary of Credit Suisse AG) and to a Swiss parent company of a financial group, such as CSG. 
These broad powers include the power to initiate restructuring proceedings with respect to Credit Suisse AG, 
Credit Suisse (Schweiz) AG or CSG and, in connection therewith, cancel the outstanding equity of the entity 
subject to such proceedings, convert such entity’s debt instruments and other liabilities into equity and/or 
cancel such debt instruments and other liabilities, in each case, in whole or in part, and stay (for a maximum 
of two business days) certain termination and netting rights under contracts to which such entity is a party, 
as well as the power to order protective measures, including the deferment of payments, and institute 
liquidation proceedings with respect to Credit Suisse AG, Credit Suisse (Schweiz) AG or CSG. The scope of 
such powers and discretion and the legal mechanisms that would be applied are subject to development and 
interpretation. 
The Group is currently subject to resolution planning requirements in Switzerland, the U.S., the EU and the 
UK and may face similar requirements in other jurisdictions. If a resolution plan is determined by the relevant 
authority to be inadequate, relevant regulations may allow the authority to place limitations on the scope or 
size of the Group’s business in that jurisdiction, require the Group to hold higher amounts of capital or 
liquidity, require it to divest assets or subsidiaries or to change its legal structure or business to remove the 
relevant impediments to resolution. 
For information regarding the current resolution regime under Swiss, U.S., EU and UK banking laws as they 
apply to the Group, refer to “Switzerland – Resolution regime”, “US – Resolution regime”, “EU – Resolution 
regime” and “UK – Resolution regime”, each in “I – Information on the company – Regulation and 
supervision – Regulatory Framework” in the Annual Report 2021. See also “Rights of the holders of 
Securities issued by CS may be adversely affected by FINMA’s broad statutory powers in the case of a 
restructuring proceeding in relation to CS, including its power to convert such Securities into equity and/or 
partially or fully write-down such Securities.”

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
39 
6.5 
Changes in monetary policy are beyond CS’s control and difficult to predict 
CS is affected by the monetary policies adopted by the central banks and regulatory authorities of 
Switzerland, the U.S. and other countries. The actions of the SNB and other central banking authorities 
directly impact CS’s cost of funds for lending, capital raising and investment activities and may impact the 
value of financial instruments CS holds and the competitive and operating environment for the financial 
services industry. Many central banks, including the Fed, have implemented significant changes to their 
monetary policy or have experienced significant changes in their management and may implement or 
experience further changes. CS cannot predict whether these changes will have a material adverse effect on 
CS or its operations. In addition, changes in monetary policy may affect the credit quality of CS’s customers. 
Any changes in monetary policy are beyond CS’s control and difficult to predict. 
6.6 
Legal restrictions on its clients may reduce the demand for CS’s services 
CS may be materially affected not only by regulations applicable to it as a financial services company, but 
also by regulations and changes in enforcement practices applicable to its clients. CS’s business could be 
affected by, among other things, existing and proposed tax legislation, antitrust and competition policies, 
corporate governance initiatives and other governmental regulations and policies and changes in the 
interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules that affect business and the financial markets. For 
example, focus on tax compliance and changes in enforcement practices could lead to further asset outflows 
from CS’s wealth management businesses. 
7 
Competition risk 
7.1 
CS faces intense competition 
CS faces intense competition in all sectors of the financial services markets and for the products and services 
it offers. Consolidation through mergers, acquisitions, alliances and co-operation, including as a result of 
financial distress, has increased competitive pressures. Competition is based on many factors, including the 
products and services offered, pricing, distribution systems, customer service, brand recognition, perceived 
financial strength and the willingness to use capital to serve client needs. Consolidation has created a number 
of firms that, like CS, have the ability to offer a wide range of products and services, from loans and deposit-
taking to brokerage, investment banking and asset management services. Some of these firms may be able to 
offer a broader range of products than CS does, or offer such products at more competitive prices. Current 
market conditions have resulted in significant changes in the competitive landscape in CS’s industry as many 
institutions have merged, altered the scope of their business, declared bankruptcy, received government 
assistance or changed their regulatory status, which will affect how they conduct their business. In addition, 
current market conditions have had a fundamental impact on client demand for products and services. Some 
new competitors in the financial technology sector have sought to target existing segments of CS’s businesses 
that could be susceptible to disruption by innovative or less regulated business models. Emerging technology, 
including robo-advising services, digital asset services and other financial products and services, may also 
result in further competition in the markets in which CS operates, for example, by allowing e-commerce firms 
or other companies to provide products and services similar to CS’s at a lower price or in a more competitive 
manner in terms of customer convenience. CS may face a competitive disadvantage if these services or its 
other competitors are subject to different and, in certain cases, less restrictive legal and/or regulatory 
requirements. CS can give no assurance that its results of operations will not be adversely affected. 
7.2 
CS must recruit and retain highly skilled employees 
CS’s performance is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Competition 
for qualified employees is intense and the hiring market in the financial services and other industries has been 
and is expected to continue to be extremely competitive. In addition, the impact of COVID-19 on evolving 
workforce norms, practices and expectations, as well as persistent labour shortages, could adversely affect 
CS’s ability to recruit and retain employees. CS has devoted considerable resources to recruiting, training

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
40 
and compensating employees. CS’s continued ability to compete effectively in its businesses depends on its 
ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate its existing employees. The continued public focus 
on compensation practices in the financial services industry, and related regulatory changes, may have an 
adverse impact on CS’s ability to attract and retain highly skilled employees. In particular, limits on the 
amount and form of executive compensation imposed by regulatory initiatives, including the Swiss Ordinance 
Against Excessive Compensation with respect to Listed Stock Corporations (Compensation Ordinance), or 
any successor legislation thereof in Switzerland and the Capital Requirements Directive IV (as amended by 
CRD V) in the EU and the UK, could potentially have an adverse impact on CS’s ability to retain certain of 
its most highly skilled employees and hire new qualified employees in certain businesses. Additionally, 
following the Archegos and SCFF matters, the Group announced a reduction in its variable compensation 
pool for 2021 compared to the prior year. Decreases in compensation, as well as matters impacting its 
financial results or reputation, can negatively impact CS’s ability to retain employees and recruit new talent. 
7.3 
CS faces competition from new technologies 
CS’s businesses face competitive challenges from new technologies, including new trading technologies and 
trends towards direct access to automated and electronic markets with low or no fees and commissions, and 
the move to more automated trading platforms. Such technologies and trends may adversely affect CS’s 
commission and trading revenues, exclude its businesses from certain transaction flows, reduce its 
participation in the trading markets and the associated access to market information and lead to the 
establishment of new and stronger competitors. CS has made, and may continue to be required to make, 
significant additional expenditures to develop and support new trading systems or otherwise invest in 
technology to maintain its competitive position. 
The evolution of internet-based financial solutions has also facilitated growth in new technologies, such as 
cryptocurrency and blockchain, which may disrupt the financial services industry and require CS to commit 
further resources to adapt its products and services. Wider adoption of such emerging technologies may also 
increase CS’s costs for complying with evolving laws, rules and regulations, and if CS is not timely or 
successful in adapting to evolving consumer or market preferences, its business and results of operations may 
be adversely affected. Additionally, as CS develops new products and services that involve emerging 
technologies, it may face new risks if they are not designed and governed adequately. 
(B) 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH SECURITIES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME (“RISK 
CATEGORY B”) 
A range of Securities may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Securities may have features which contain 
particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common of such features. The risks set 
out under in the below sub-sections (1) to (10) of this Risk Category B are the most material risks which are material for 
the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Securities issued under the Programme. 
1 
Market value of Securities 
1.1 
The market value of Securities may be highly volatile 
Where the Securities reference any Reference Underlying(s), the Securityholders are exposed to the 
performance of such Reference Underlying(s). The price, performance or investment return of the Reference 
Underlying(s) may be subject to sudden and large unpredictable changes over time and this degree of change 
is known as “volatility”. The volatility of a Reference Underlying may be affected by national and 
international financial, political, military or economic events, including governmental actions, or by the 
activities of participants in the relevant markets. Any of these events or activities could adversely affect the 
value of the Securities.

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
41 
1.2 
The market value of the Securities may be influenced by unpredictable factors 
Many factors, most of which are beyond the Issuer’s control, will influence the value of the Securities and 
the price, if any, at which securities dealers may be willing to purchase or sell the Securities in the secondary 
market, including: 
(a) 
the creditworthiness of the Issuer; 
(b) 
whether distribution, interest and/or premium have been and are likely to be paid on the Securities 
from time to time; 
(c) 
supply and demand for the Securities, including inventory positions with any securities dealer; and 
(d) 
economic, financial, political or regulatory events or judicial decisions that affect the Issuer or the 
financial markets generally. 
Accordingly, if a Securityholder sells its Securities in the secondary markets, it may not be able to obtain a 
price equal to the nominal amount of the Securities or the price that it paid for the Securities. 
1.3 
Securities issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of Securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their nominal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
2 
The Securities are not covered by any government compensation or insurance scheme and do not 
have the benefit of any government guarantee 
An investment in the Securities will not be covered by any compensation or insurance scheme of any government 
agency of Switzerland or any other jurisdiction and the Securities do not have the benefit of any government 
guarantee. The Securities are the obligations of the Issuer only and Securityholders must look solely to the Issuer 
for the performance of the Issuer’s obligations under the Securities. In the event of the insolvency of the Issuer, a 
Securityholder may lose all or some of its investment in the Securities. 
3 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Securities. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Securities. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
The rating of certain Series of Securities to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of Securities will be issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA or the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in 
the Final Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of 
credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed 
by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
42 
rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive 
evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain 
supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use, for UK regulatory purposes, ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country 
non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit 
rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (i) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the 
case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (ii) transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief 
accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant 
conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Securities changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the 
EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Securities may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the 
value of the Securities and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to the relevant 
credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
4 
Secondary Market 
An active public market for trading of the Securities is not expected to develop. The Issuer and/or the relevant 
Dealer(s) may be the only market participants for the Securities. The secondary market for the Securities and 
liquidity for an investor may therefore be limited. Investors may not be able to sell their Securities easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. The 
Issuer or any of its Affiliates may at any time purchase Securities at any price in the open market or otherwise subject 
to market conditions and constraints. The more limited the secondary market is for any particular tranche of 
Securities, the more difficult for an investor to realise the value of the Securities prior to maturity. Illiquidity may 
have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Securities and there may be a significant spread between the 
actual trading price of the Securities and the face amount of the Securities. The investor may need to hold the 
Securities until maturity. 
5 
Issue of further Securities 
If additional securities or options with the same terms and conditions or linked to the same Reference Underlying(s) 
as the Securities are subsequently issued, either by the Issuer or another issuer, the supply of securities with such 
terms and conditions or linked to such Reference Underlying(s) in the primary and secondary markets will increase 
and may cause the secondary market price of the Securities to decline. 
6 
Taxation 
Each investor will assume and be solely responsible for any and all taxes of any jurisdiction or governmental or 
regulatory authority, including, without limitation, any state or local taxes or other like assessment or charges that 
may be applicable to any payment to it in respect of the Securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts 
to any Securityholders or investors to reimburse them for any tax, assessment or charge required to be withheld or 
deducted from payments in respect of the Securities by the Issuer or the Paying Agents or otherwise required to be 
paid by the Securityholders or investors. Payments under the Securities, such as premium and other redemption 
amounts, may be treated as principal under the applicable tax laws and may be subject to taxation such as capital 
gains or equivalent tax. Each prospective purchaser of Securities must determine, based on its own independent

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
43 
review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate, its tax position given its own particular circumstances, 
before deciding whether or not to purchase the Securities. Each investor will also assume and be solely responsible 
for any change in tax laws which may adversely affect the return on the Securities. 
In addition, the Issuer may include charges on the redemption of any PRC Property Share Security or PRC Property 
Index Security, or any PRC Share Security or PRC Index Security for which “China Connect” is specified in relation 
to any Reference Underlying in the relevant Final Terms. Adjustments and rebalancing may also be made in certain 
circumstances in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Securities. 
In respect of any Indian Notes (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities), the Issuer may at its sole 
discretion calculate and determine the amount of any applicable Indian Local Taxes (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities) and the Securityholders, among other things, are required to indemnify the Issuer in 
full and on demand any unpaid Indian Local Taxes and any resultant losses and expenses. In respect of any Pakistan 
Notes (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities), the Issuer may include a charge on the termination 
of the Pakistan Notes and adjustments may be made in certain circumstances in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities. The Securityholders are also required to indemnify the Issuer, among other things, for 
losses and expenses caused by or arising from any tax liability imposed by Pakistani tax authorities in connection 
with the Pakistan Notes. 
7 
Potential changes in Swiss withholding tax legislation 
On 3rd April 2020, the Swiss Federal Council published a consultation draft on the reform of the Swiss withholding 
tax system applicable to interest on bonds. This consultation draft provides for, among other things, the replacement 
of the current debtor-based regime applicable to interest payments with a paying agent-based regime for Swiss 
withholding tax. Under this paying agent-based regime generally all interest payments acting out of Switzerland to 
individuals resident in Switzerland will be subject to Swiss withholding tax. However, the results of the consultation 
were controversial. Consequently, on 15th April 2021, the Swiss Federal Council published a new draft on the reform 
of the Swiss withholding tax system providing for the abolition of Swiss withholding tax on interest payments on 
bonds. If nevertheless a new paying agent-based regime were to be enacted as contemplated by the consultation 
draft published on 3rd April 2020 and were to result in the deduction or withholding of Swiss withholding tax by a 
paying agent in Switzerland on any interest payments in respect of a Security by any person other than the Issuer, 
the holder of such Security would not be entitled to receive any additional amounts as a result of such deduction or 
withholding under the terms of the Securities. 
8 
Potential US Withholding Tax on Securities that Directly or Indirectly Reference US Equities or an 
Index that Includes US Equities 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) and regulations thereunder, impose a 30 
per cent. U.S. withholding tax on dividend equivalent payments paid or deemed paid on certain financial instruments 
that directly or indirectly reference U.S. equities or indices that include U.S. equity components. If withholding 
applies, the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts withheld. The Issuer’s determination 
as to whether a Security is a transaction subject to withholding under section 871(m) generally is binding on holders. 
However, it is not binding on the IRS. The IRS may successfully argue that a Security is subject to withholding 
under section 871(m), notwithstanding the Issuer’s determination to the contrary. Holders should consult their tax 
advisers regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them of section 871(m) and regulations thereunder, 
and whether payments or deemed payments on the Securities constitute dividend equivalent payments. 
9 
Conflicts of Interest 
Where the Issuer acts as Calculation Agent or the Calculation Agent is an Affiliate of the Issuer, potential conflicts 
of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and investors, including, without limitation, with respect to

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
44 
certain determinations and judgements that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Securities that may 
influence the amount receivable on the Securities. 
In addition, the interests of the Issuer and/or its Affiliates may conflict with the interests of the Securityholders and 
investors. The Issuer reserves the right to take such actions as it considers necessary or appropriate (including 
without limitation any sale, disposal or enforcement of security of or over a Reference Underlying) to protect its 
interests without regard to the consequences for any Securityholders or investors. 
10 Reliance on Clearing System procedures 
Securities issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Securities that may be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or with a nominee for DTC. 
Except in the circumstances described in each Global Security, investors will not be entitled to receive Securities in 
definitive form. Each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, and their respective 
direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global Security held through 
it. While the Securities are represented by a Global Security, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests 
only through the relevant clearing systems and their respective participants. 
While the Securities are represented by one or more Global Securities, the Issuer will discharge its payment 
obligation under the Securities by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial 
interest in Global Securities must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive 
payments under the Securities. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments 
made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Security. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Security will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Securities so 
represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant 
clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
(C) 
RISKS RELATING TO REDEMPTION, ADJUSTMENT AND MODIFICATION (“RISK 
CATEGORY C”) 
The risks set out under in the below sub-sections (1) to (8) of this Risk Category C are the most material risks relating to 
redemption, adjustment and modification. 
1 
Early redemption in general 
If the Securities are redeemed early, any such redemption may have an effect on the timing of valuation and, 
consequently, the value of the Securities and the relevant Reference Underlyings (or assets constituted thereby). The 
Early Redemption Amount or such other redemption amounts as specified in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities and the applicable Final Terms may be less, or substantially less, than the amount invested by the investor 
or the Final Redemption Amount payable at maturity had the Securities not been redeemed early. It may in certain 
circumstances be zero. 
If the Securities are redeemed early, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at a return as 
high as the return on the Securities being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Potential purchasers should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Prospective purchasers should review the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and the applicable Final Terms to 
ascertain whether and how the relevant early redemption provisions apply to the Securities.

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
45 
2 
Optional Redemption by the Issuer 
Any call option of the Issuer in respect of the Securities may negatively impact their market value. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Securities, the market value of those Securities generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Securities when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Securities. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Securities being redeemed. The investor will not be able to participate 
in the performance of the Reference Underlying(s) following the effective date of the Issuer call option. 
3 
Redemption Disruption Event 
If a Redemption Disruption Event (as described in Condition 5(f) (Redemption Disruption Events and Cut-off Date)) 
occurs at any time during the period from (and including) the Valuation Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date 
or the Early Redemption Date, the Maturity Date or the Early Redemption Date will be extended and the Valuation 
Date will be postponed. In the event that a Redemption Disruption Event is still operating on the Cut-off Date, then 
the Valuation Date shall be deemed to be such Cut-off Date, and the Issuer will redeem the Securities on the extended 
Maturity Date or Early Redemption Date (as the case may be) at the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption 
Amount (as the case may be), together with any Interest Amount and/or Premium Amount (if applicable) accrued to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date or Early Redemption Date (as the case may be), provided that the Calculation 
Agent shall make such adjustment to the Final Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount as it shall 
determine in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to take account of the effect of such Redemption 
Disruption Event on the Hedging Arrangements and any difference between the Hedge Proceeds and the amount 
which, but for these provisions, would otherwise be the Final Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount 
and/or the Calculation Agent may make any other amendments to the Conditions (without the consent of the 
Securityholders) to take account of the event. The extension of the Maturity Date or Early Redemption Date, the 
adjustment to the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount and other Conditions and the 
subsequent redemption of the Securities may (a) have an effect on the value of the Securities and the relevant 
Reference Underlyings (or assets constituted thereby) and/or (b) delay redemption of the Securities. Prospective 
purchasers should review the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and the applicable Final Terms to ascertain 
whether and how such provisions apply to the Securities. 
4 
Hedging Disruption Event and Jurisdictional Event 
Where a Hedging Disruption Event or a Jurisdictional Event (each as described in Condition 5(a) (Definitions)) 
occurs, the Issuer may decide to: (a) suspend its obligations in respect of the Securities; (b) make adjustments to the 
terms and conditions of the Securities; or (c) redeem the Securities early at the Early Redemption Amount, together 
with any Interest Amount and/or Premium Amount (if applicable) accrued to (but excluding) the Early Redemption 
Date. Any such suspension or redemption may (i) have an effect on the timing of valuation and, consequently, the 
value of the Securities and the relevant Reference Underlyings (or assets constituted thereby) and/or (ii) delay 
redemption in respect of the Securities. An adjustment to the terms and conditions of the Securities may include an 
adjustment to the Final Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount. Prospective purchasers should 
review the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and the applicable Final Terms to ascertain whether and how such 
provisions apply to the Securities. 
5 
Illegality Event 
Upon the occurrence of an Illegality Event (as described in Condition 5(a) (Definitions) and which includes, without 
limitation, the Securityholder not being or ceasing to be an Eligible Investor (as defined in the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities) in respect of Securities linked to ChiNext Shares), the Issuer may, but is not obliged 
to, redeem the Securities at the Early Redemption Amount. Prospective purchasers should review the Terms and

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
46 
Conditions of the Securities and the applicable Final Terms to ascertain whether and how such provisions apply to 
the Securities. The Terms and Conditions of the Securities are based on English law in effect as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English 
law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
6 
Other early redemption events and optional redemption 
Certain additional events (including, if applicable, such events set out in the Applicable Schedules) that may lead to 
an early redemption of the Securities may apply to the Securities. These include, without limitation: (a) in relation 
to the Equity Linked Securities, where an Extraordinary Event (as defined in the Applicable Schedule) occurs in 
relation to a Reference Underlying; or (b) in relation to Index Linked Securities, where an Index Adjustment Event 
(as defined in the Applicable Schedule) occurs in relation to a Reference Underlying. The applicable Final Terms 
may also specify other early redemption events. If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Securities may also 
be redeemed at the option of the Issuer or the Securityholders. An optional redemption feature may limit the market 
value of the Securities. During any redemption period in which the Issuer may elect to redeem the Securities, the 
market value of the Securities generally will not rise substantially above the redemption amount at which the 
Securities can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
7 
Calculation Agent adjustments 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities provide that the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the terms 
and conditions of the Securities and/or determine that the Issuer shall issue additional Securities to Securityholders 
under certain circumstances. The applicable Final Terms may also specify other circumstances which would allow 
the Calculation Agent to make certain determinations and adjustments. These include, without limitation: (a) where 
a Hedging Disruption Event or a Jurisdictional Event occurs; (b) in relation to the Equity Linked Securities, where 
a Potential Adjustment Event, Extraordinary Event or Material Change (each as defined in the Applicable Schedule) 
occurs in relation to a Reference Underlying or the related Reference Entity, as the case may be; or (c) in relation to 
Index Linked Securities, where an Index Adjustment Event (as defined in the Applicable Schedule) occurs in relation 
to the Reference Underlying. The applicable Final Terms may also specify other circumstances following which the 
Calculation Agent may make certain determinations or adjustments. Such determinations and adjustments may have 
an adverse effect on the value of the Securities. 
8 
Modification 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Securityholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their 
interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all Securityholders, including Securityholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, including 
those Securityholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
(D) 
RISKS RELATING TO CERTAIN TYPES OF SECURITIES (“RISK CATEGORY D”) 
The risks set out under in the below sub-sections (1) to (14) of this Risk Category D are the most material risks relating 
to certain types of Securities. 
1 
Interest Rate Risks 
Where Securities bear interest or premium at a fixed rate, subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of the Securities.

--- Page 47 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
47 
Where interest or premium on Securities is subject to floating rates of interest or premium that will change subject 
to changes in market conditions, such changes could adversely affect the rate of interest or premium received on the 
Securities. 
Securities with inverse floating rate may pay interest at a rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as EURIBOR. The market values of those Securities typically are more volatile than market values of other 
conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). 
Securities with inverse floating rate are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only decreases 
the interest rate of the Securities, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely 
affects the market value of these Securities. 
Securities with fixed/floating rate may pay interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate. Upon such conversion from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Securities 
may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate Securities tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Securities. Upon such 
conversion from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing floating rates prior 
to such conversion and lower than the rates on other Securities and could therefore adversely affect the secondary 
market in and the market value of such Securities. 
2 
Securities may have a Rate of Interest determined by reference to a Reference Rate that is or is 
based on a “benchmark”, including EURIBOR, which may be adversely affected by any 
discontinuation or reform of such benchmark 
Certain reference rates, including EURIBOR and other rates or indices included in the Terms and Conditions, are 
deemed to be or are based on “benchmarks” that are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory 
scrutiny and reform. Some of these reforms are already effective, while others are still to be implemented or 
formulated. These reforms may cause such “benchmarks” to perform differently than they performed in the past 
(including in the case of any continued publication of such “benchmarks” on a synthetic basis) or to be discontinued 
entirely and may have other consequences that cannot be predicted. Any such consequences could adversely affect 
the value of and return on any Security that has a Rate of Interest determined by reference to a “benchmark”, 
particularly if such Security is a Floating Rate Security. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of “benchmarks”, 
the contribution of input data to a “benchmark” and the use of a “benchmark” within the EU. Among other things, 
it (a) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (b) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
“benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as 
defined in the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”), among other things, applies to the provision of 
benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities 
of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-
UK-based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact 
on any Securities linked to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon a “benchmark”, in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of any “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes 
could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of such “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks” could 
increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and

--- Page 48 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
48 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to the discontinuation or unavailability of quotes of certain 
“benchmarks”. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (a) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (b) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmark; and/or (c) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above 
changes, or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Securities linked to, 
referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. See also “3. The discontinuation of a 
Reference Rate (other than in the case of Compounded Daily SOFR or SARON Compounded) and its replacement 
with a Replacement Rate” below. 
3 
The discontinuation of a Reference Rate (other than in the case of Compounded Daily SOFR or 
SARON Compounded) and its replacement with a Replacement Rate may result in interest 
payments that are lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that 
could have been made on the applicable Series of Securities if the Existing Rate was still available 
and could adversely affect the market price for such Securities 
To the extent the Reference Rate (other than in the case of Compounded Daily SOFR or SARON Compounded) for 
any Floating Rate Securities is discontinued or is no longer quoted, such Reference Rate will be determined using 
the alternative methods described in the Terms and Conditions, such as those described in Condition 3(c)(ii)(B) 
(Interest on Floating Rate Securities) of the Terms and Conditions or those described in Condition 3(c)(ii)(C)(ii) 
(Interest on Floating Rate Securities) of the Terms and Conditions. Any of these alternative methods may result in 
interest payments that are lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that would have 
been made on those Securities if the relevant Reference Rate was available in its current form. Further, the same 
costs and risks that may lead to the discontinuation or unavailability of a Reference Rate may make one or more of 
the alternative methods impossible or impracticable to determine. The final alternative method for those Securities 
set forth in the Terms and Conditions (subject, if applicable, to Condition 3(c)(ii)(D) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Securities) of the Terms and Conditions) effectively sets the Reference Rate for an Interest Period at the same rate 
as the immediately preceding Interest Period. In the case of a floating rate Security, or during the period for which a 
floating rate basis applies for a fixed to floating Security or a floating to fixed Security, this alternative method would 
effectively convert such Security into a fixed rate instrument. 
Notwithstanding the alternative methods for determining the applicable Reference Rate described in the immediately 
preceding paragraph, if the applicable Final Terms specify that Replacement Rate Determination is applicable 
(including in the case of Floating Rate Securities where the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA), then, 
pursuant to Condition 3(c)(ii)(D) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) of the Terms and Conditions, the 
Replacement Rate Agent will have the discretion to determine at any time on or prior to the Specified Time on any 
Interest Determination Date (a) that the Reference Rate (the “Existing Rate”) (or any component thereof) has been 
discontinued, and (b) if so, whether to use a substitute or successor rate that it has determined in its sole discretion 
is most comparable to the Existing Rate (such substitute or successor rate being the Replacement Rate) for purposes 
of calculating the Reference Rate on such Interest Determination Date and each subsequent Interest Determination 
Date. If the Replacement Rate Agent determines to use a substitute or successor rate pursuant to the immediately 
preceding sentence, it shall select such rate in its sole discretion, provided that, if it determines that there is an 
appropriate industry-accepted successor rate to the Existing Rate, it shall select such industry-accepted successor 
rate. 
Furthermore, if the Replacement Rate Agent has determined to use such a Replacement Rate, (a) it will in its sole 
discretion determine (i) the method for obtaining the Replacement Rate (including any alternative method for

--- Page 49 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
49 
determining the Replacement Rate if such substitute or successor rate is unavailable on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date), which method must be consistent with industry accepted practices for the Replacement Rate, 
and (ii) any adjustment factor as may be necessary in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Securityholders as a result 
of the replacement of the Existing Rate with the Replacement Rate, which adjustment factor shall be consistent with 
any industry-accepted practices where the Replacement Rate has replaced the Existing Rate for Floating Rate 
Securities denominated in the Specified Currency at such time, and (b) if it in its sole discretion determines that (i) 
changes to the definitions of Business Day, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, 
Interest Period, London Banking Days (if applicable), Reference Banks (if applicable), Relevant Financial Centre, 
Observation Look-Back Period (if applicable), Relevant Screen Page (if applicable), SONIA Observation Period (if 
applicable) or Specified Time, and/or (ii) any other technical changes to any other provision in Condition 3(c)(ii)(B) 
(Interest on Floating Rate Securities) or Condition 3(c)(ii)(C) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities), as applicable, 
are necessary in order to implement the Replacement Rate as the Reference Rate, such definitions and other 
provisions will be amended accordingly. The use of a Replacement Rate, including the determination to use (or not 
use) an adjustment factor, may result in interest payments that are lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over 
time with the payments that could have been made on the applicable Series of Securities if the Existing Rate (or 
relevant component thereof) was still available in the form it was available as of the relevant Issue Date. 
Furthermore, with respect to any such Series of Securities, any exercise by the Replacement Rate Agent of the 
discretion described herein could adversely affect the market price for such Securities. In addition, if an affiliate of 
the Issuer is appointed as Replacement Rate Agent, any exercise of such discretion may present the Issuer or such 
affiliate with a conflict of interest. If the Existing Rate (or any component thereof) has been discontinued and the 
Replacement Rate Agent does not determine a Replacement Rate, then the Reference Rate will be determined using 
the alternative methods described above, which are applicable to all cases in which the Existing Rate does not appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page at the Specified Time (other than for Compounded Daily SONIA, in which case see 
Condition 3(c)(ii)(C) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) of the Terms and Conditions). In any such case, such 
alternative methods may not only have the effects described in such paragraph, but may also result in interest 
payments that are lower than those that would have been made on the applicable Series of Securities if a Replacement 
Rate had been determined. 
4 
Floating Rate Securities may have a Rate of Interest determined by reference to SONIA, SOFR, 
SORA, SARON or another risk free rate (including an overnight rate), which are relatively new 
reference rates and the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR, SORA, SARON 
and such other risk free rates as reference rates 
The Rate of Interest for a Series of Floating Rate Securities may be determined by reference to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate as provided by the Bank of England, the daily secured overnight financing 
rate (“SOFR”) as provided by the FRBNY, the Singapore Overnight Rate Average (“SORA”) as provided by the 
MAS, the daily Swiss Average Rate Overnight (“SARON”) or another risk free rate (including an overnight rate). 
Where the Rate of Interest for a Series of Floating Rate Securities is determined by reference to SONIA (any such 
Securities, “SONIA-Linked Securities”), SOFR (any such Securities, “SOFR-Linked Securities”), SORA (any 
such Securities, “SORA-Linked Securities”) or SARON (any such Securities, “SARON-Linked Securities”), 
interest will be determined on the basis of, and the Reference Rate will be, Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded 
Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily SORA or SARON Compounded, respectively, (each as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions). Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily SORA and SARON 
Compounded differ from the now discontinued (and, in the case of certain USD LIBOR settings, the expected to be 
discontinued) Sterling LIBOR, USD LIBOR, Singapore Swap Offer Rate (“SOR”) and CHF LIBOR, respectively, 
in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) that Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily 
SOFR, Compounded Daily SORA and SARON Compounded are backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free or 
secured overnight rates, whereas Sterling LIBOR, LIBOR SOR and CHF LIBOR were and USD LIBOR is expressed

--- Page 50 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
50 
on the basis of a forward-looking term and include a credit risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, 
investors should be aware that USD LIBOR may behave materially differently from Compounded Daily SOFR and 
Sterling LIBOR, SOR and CHF LIBOR may have behaved materially differently from Compounded Daily SONIA 
and SARON Compounded, respectively, including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield 
rates in the market, market volatility or global or regional economic, financial, political, regulatory, judicial or other 
events. The use of SONIA, SOFR, SORA and SARON as reference rates is also nascent, and subject to change and 
development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market 
infrastructure for the issuance and trading of debt securities referencing SONIA, SOFR, SORA and/or SARON. 
Each of the Bank of England, the FRBNY, the MAS and SIX Index AG publish certain historical indicative secured 
overnight financing rates, although such historical indicative data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and 
approximations. Potential investors in SONIA-Linked Securities, SOFR-Linked Securities, SORA-Linked 
Securities and SARON-Linked Securities should not rely on such historical indicative data or on any historical 
changes or trends in SONIA, SOFR, SORA or SARON, as the case may be, as an indicator of the future performance 
of SONIA, SOFR, SORA or SARON, respectively. For example, since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes 
in the rate have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or market rates. 
Accordingly, SONIA, SOFR, SORA and SARON over the term of any SONIA-Linked Securities, SOFR-Linked 
Securities, SORA-Linked Securities or SARON-Linked Securities, respectively, may bear little or no relation to the 
historical actual or historical indicative data. In addition, the return on and value of SONIA-Linked Securities, 
SOFR-Linked Securities, SORA-Linked Securities and SARON-Linked Securities may fluctuate more than floating 
rate debt securities that are linked to less volatile rates. 
Prospective investors in any Floating Rate Securities referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily 
SOFR, Compounded Daily SORA or SARON Compounded should further be aware that the market continues to 
develop in relation to each of SONIA, SOFR, SORA and SARON as a reference rate in the capital markets and its 
adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR, USD LIBOR, SOR and CHF LIBOR, respectively. For example, in 
the context of backwards-looking SONIA and SOFR rates, market participants and relevant working groups 
continue, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, to assess the differences between compounded rates and weighted 
average rates, and such groups are also exploring forward-looking term SONIA and SOFR as a reference rate (which 
seeks to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average SONIA or SOFR rate over a designated term). 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA, SOFR, SORA or SARON that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions in the case of Floating Rate Securities referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily SORA and SARON Compounded, 
respectively. Furthermore, the Issuer may in the future issue Floating Rate Securities referencing SONIA, SOFR, 
SORA and/or SARON that differ materially in terms of the interest determination provisions when compared with 
the provisions for such determination as set out in Conditions 3(c)(ii)(C), 3(c)(ii)(D), 3(c)(ii)(E) and 3(c)(ii)(F) of 
the Terms and Conditions as contained in this Base Prospectus. The development of Compounded Daily SONIA, 
Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily SORA and SARON Compounded as reference rates, as well as 
continued development of SONIA, SOFR, SORA and SARON-based rates and the market infrastructure for adopting 
such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any 
Floating Rate Securities referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily 
SORA or SARON Compounded. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of each of SONIA, SOFR, SORA and SARON as a reference rate 
for debt securities referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily SORA 
or SARON Compounded, respectively, may differ materially when compared with the application and adoption of 
SONIA, SOFR, SORA and/or SARON in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should 
carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA, SOFR, SORA or SARON as a reference rate 
across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in

--- Page 51 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
51 
connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Floating Rate Securities referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily SORA or SARON Compounded, as the case may be. 
Since SONIA, SOFR, SORA and SARON are relatively new market reference rates, Floating Rate Securities 
referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily SORA or SARON 
Compounded may have no established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never 
develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, 
Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily SORA or SARON Compounded, such as the spread over the 
reference rate reflected in the interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such debt securities 
may be lower than those of later issued debt securities as a result. Further, if Compounded Daily SONIA, 
Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily SORA or SARON Compounded do not prove to be widely used in 
securities, the trading price of Floating Rate Securities referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily 
SOFR, Compounded Daily SORA or SARON Compounded, respectively, may be lower than those of debt securities 
referencing other reference rates that are more widely used. 
Investors in Floating Rate Securities referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, 
Compounded Daily SORA or SARON Compounded may not be able to sell such Securities at all or may not be able 
to sell such Securities at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. There 
can also be no guarantee that SONIA, SOFR, SORA or SARON will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered 
in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in such Securities. If the manner in which SONIA, 
SOFR, SORA or SARON is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction in the amount of interest 
payable on Floating Rate Securities referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, 
Compounded Daily SORA or SARON Compounded, respectively, and the trading prices of such Securities. 
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such 
Securities. 
5 
Any failure of SONIA, SOFR, SORA or SARON to gain market acceptance could adversely affect 
SONIA-Linked Securities, SOFR-Linked Securities, SORA-Linked Securities and SARON-Linked 
Securities, respectively 
SONIA, SOFR, SORA and SARON may also fail to gain market acceptance. In the case of SOFR, for example, it 
was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts as an alternative to USD LIBOR 
in part because it is considered a good representation of general funding conditions in the overnight U.S. Treasury 
repo market. However, as a rate based on transactions secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not measure bank-
specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. 
Similar considerations arise in respect of SONIA, SORA and SARON. This may mean that market participants 
would not consider SONIA, SOFR, SORA or SARON as a suitable substitute or successor for all of the purposes 
for which the respective LIBOR rates or SOR, as applicable, historically have been used (including, without 
limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), which may, in turn, lessen market 
acceptance of SONIA, SOFR, SORA and SARON. 
6 
The amount of interest payable with respect to each Interest Period will be determined near the end 
of the Interest Period for SONIA-Linked Securities, SOFR-Linked Securities, SORA-Linked 
Securities and SARON-Linked Securities 
The Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Securities referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, 
Compounded Daily SORA and SARON Compounded is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant 
SONIA Observation Period, SOFR Observation Period, SORA Observation Period or SARON Observation Period, 
respectively (as defined in Conditions 3(c)(ii)(C), 3(c)(ii)(D), 3(c)(ii)(E) and 3(c)(ii)(F) of the Terms and Conditions)

--- Page 52 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
52 
and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in any such Floating 
Rate Securities to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Floating Rate Securities on 
each Interest Payment Date, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Floating Rate Securities 
without changes to their technology systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such 
Floating Rate Securities. Further, if Floating Rate Securities referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded 
Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily SORA and SARON Compounded become due and payable as a result of an Event 
of Default, or are redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest applicable 
to such Floating Rate Securities shall only be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately 
prior to the date on which the Floating Rate Securities become due and payable. 
7 
There can be no assurance that SONIA, SOFR, SORA or SARON will not be discontinued or 
fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of holders of SONIA-
Linked Securities, SOFR-Linked Securities, SORA-Linked Securities or SARON-Linked 
Securities, respectively 
SONIA, SOFR, SORA and SARON are published by the Bank of England, the FRBNY, the MAS and SIX Index 
AG, as the respective administrators of SONIA, SOFR, SORA and SARON, based on data received from sources 
other than the Issuer. The Issuer has no control over the determination, calculation or publication of SONIA, SOFR, 
SORA or SARON. The administrator of SONIA, SOFR, SORA or SARON may make changes that could change 
the value of SONIA, SOFR, SORA or SARON, as the case may be, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR, SORA or 
SARON, respectively, and has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Securities, SOFR-
Linked Securities, SORA-Linked Securities or SARON-Linked Securities in doing so. Each of the Bank of England, 
the FRBNY, the MAS or SIX Index AG (or, in each case, a successor), as administrator of SONIA, SOFR, SORA 
and SARON, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SONIA, 
SOFR, SORA or SARON, including changes related to the method by which SONIA, SOFR, SORA or SARON is 
calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR, SORA or SARON, or 
timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR, SORA and SARON. In addition, the administrator of SONIA, 
SOFR, SORA or SARON may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR, SORA 
or SARON (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on any SONIA-Linked Securities, 
SOFR-Linked Securities, SORA-Linked Securities or SARON-Linked Securities, respectively, will apply, as further 
described in Condition 3(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) of the Terms and Conditions). 
There can be no assurance that SONIA, SOFR, SORA or SARON will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered 
in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Securities, SOFR-Linked 
Securities, SORA-Linked Securities or SARON-Linked Securities, respectively. If the manner in which SONIA, 
SOFR, SORA or SARON is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest 
payable on any respective SONIA-Linked Securities, SOFR-Linked Securities, SORA-Linked Securities or 
SARON-Linked Securities, which may adversely affect the trading prices of such Securities. If the rate at which 
interest accrues on any SONIA-Linked Securities, SOFR-Linked Securities, SORA-Linked Securities or SARON-
Linked Securities for any Interest Period declines to zero or becomes negative, no interest will be payable on such 
Securities on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period. The administrator of each of SONIA, SOFR, SORA 
and SARON has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Securities, SOFR-Linked 
Securities, SORA-Linked Securities or SARON-Linked Securities, respectively, in calculating, adjusting, 
converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA, SOFR, SORA or SARON, as the case may be. In addition, the 
administrator of each of SONIA, SOFR, SORA or SARON may withdraw, modify or amend the published SONIA, 
SOFR, SORA or SARON or other SONIA, SOFR, SORA or SARON data, respectively, in its sole discretion and 
without notice. 
8 
The interest rate on SONIA-Linked Securities, SOFR-Linked Securities, Compounded Daily SORA 
and SARON-Linked Securities will be based on Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily

--- Page 53 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
53 
SOFR, Compounded Daily SORA and SARON Compounded, respectively, which are relatively new 
in the marketplace and, in the case of SONIA-Linked Securities, SOFR-Linked Securities and 
SORA-Linked Securities, may be determined by reference to the SONIA Compounded Index, the 
SOFR Index or the SORA Index, respectively, a relatively new market index 
For each Interest Period, the interest rate on SONIA-Linked Securities, SOFR-Linked Securities, SORA-Linked 
Securities and SARON-Linked Securities will be based on Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, 
Compounded Daily SORA and SARON Compounded, respectively, not on the SONIA, SOFR, SORA or SARON 
rate published on or in respect of a particular date during such Interest Period or on an average of SONIA, SOFR, 
SORA or SARON rates during such Interest Period. In addition, in the case of SONIA-Linked Securities, SOFR-
Linked Securities and SORA-Linked Securities, if the applicable Final Terms specify that Index Determination is 
applicable, Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SORA or Compounded Daily SOFR for each Interest 
Period, as applicable, will be determined by reference to the SONIA Compounded Index, the SOFR Index and the 
SORA Index, respectively. Each of the SONIA Compounded Index, the SOFR Index and the SORA Index measures 
the cumulative impact of compounding SONIA, SOFR or SORA, respectively, on a unit of investment over time. 
The value of the SONIA Compounded Index, the SOFR Index and the SORA Index on a particular business day 
reflects the effect of compounding SONIA, SOFR or SORA, respectively, on such business day and allows the 
calculation of compounded SONIA, SOFR or SORA averages, as applicable, over custom time periods. For this and 
other reasons, the interest rate on SONIA-Linked Securities, SOFR-Linked Securities, SORA-Linked Securities or 
SARON-Linked Securities, as the case may be, during any Interest Period will not be the same as the interest rate 
on other SONIA, SOFR, SORA or SARON-linked investments that use an alternative basis to determine the 
applicable interest rate. Further, if the SONIA, SOFR, SORA or SARON rate in respect of a particular date during 
the respective observation period for an Interest Period in relation to any SONIA-Linked Securities, SOFR-Linked 
Securities, SORA-Linked Securities or SARON-Linked Securities, respectively, is negative, the portion of the 
accrued interest compounding factor specifically attributable to such date (or, if the applicable Final Terms specify 
that Index Determination is applicable, its contribution to the respective SONIA Compounded Index, the SOFR 
Index and the SORA Index) will be less than one, resulting in a reduction in the Compounded Daily SONIA, 
Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily SORA or SARON Compounded rate used to calculate the interest 
rate on SONIA-Linked Securities, SOFR-Linked Securities, SORA-Linked Securities or SARON-Linked Securities, 
respectively, during the relevant Interest Period. 
Limited market precedent exists for securities that use SONIA, SOFR, SORA or SARON as the interest rate and the 
method for calculating an interest rate based upon SONIA, SOFR, SORA or SARON in those precedents varies. In 
addition, the Bank of England, the MAS and the FRBNY only began publishing the SONIA Compounded Index, 
the SOFR Index and the SORA Index, respectively, very recently. Accordingly, the specific formulas for 
Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily SORA and SARON Compounded set 
forth in the Terms and Conditions and the use of the SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR Index or SORA Index for 
purposes of calculating Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SORA or Compounded Daily SOFR, 
respectively, may not be widely adopted by other market participants, if at all. If the market adopts a different 
calculation method, that would likely adversely affect the market value of any respective SONIA-Linked Securities, 
SOFR-Linked Securities, SORA-Linked Securities or SARON-Linked Securities issued under the Programme. 
9 
SONIA-Linked Securities, SOFR-Linked Securities and SORA-Linked Securities with respect to 
which Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms may bear 
interest by reference to a rate other than the SONIA Compounded Index, the SOFR Index or the 
SORA Index if the manner in which the SONIA Compounded Index, the SOFR Index or the SORA 
Index is calculated is changed or the SONIA Compounded Index, the SOFR Index or the SORA

--- Page 54 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
54 
Index, respectively, discontinued, which could adversely affect the value of such SONIA-Linked 
Securities, SOFR-Linked Securities or SORA-Linked Securities, as applicable 
If the applicable Final Terms for any SONIA-Linked Securities, SOFR-Linked Securities or SORA-Linked 
Securities specify that Index Determination is applicable, Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SORA 
or Compounded Daily SOFR, as applicable, for each Interest Period will be determined by reference to the SONIA 
Compounded Index, the SOFR Index or the SORA Index, respectively. 
The SONIA Compounded Index is published by the Bank of England, as administrator of SONIA, the SOFR Index 
is published by the FRBNY, as administrator of SOFR, and the SORA Index is published by the MAS, as 
administrator of SORA, each based on data received from sources other than the Issuer. The Issuer has no control 
over the determination of the SONIA Compounded Index, the SOFR Index or the SORA Index, or the calculation 
or publication of either such index or its availability at any time. There can be no guarantee, particularly given their 
relatively recent introduction, that the SONIA Compounded Index, the SOFR Index or the SORA Index will not be 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in any 
SONIA-Linked Securities, SOFR-Linked Securities or SORA-Linked Securities, as applicable, with respect to 
which the applicable Final Terms specify that Index Determination is applicable. If the manner in which the SONIA 
Compounded Index, the SOFR Index or the SORA Index is calculated, including the manner in which each of 
SONIA, SOFR or SORA is calculated, is changed, that change may result in a reduction in the amount of interest 
payable on any such Securities and the trading prices of such Securities. In addition, the Bank of England, the 
FRBNY and/or the MAS may withdraw, modify or amend the published SONIA Compounded Index, the SOFR 
Index or SORA Index, respectively, or other SONIA, SOFR or SORA data, each in its sole discretion and without 
notice. The interest rate for any Interest Period will not be adjusted for any modifications or amendments to the 
SONIA Compounded Index, the SOFR Index, the SORA Index or other SONIA data that the Bank of England may 
publish or other SOFR data that the FRBNY may publish or other SORA data the MAS may publish, each after the 
interest rate for that relevant Interest Period has been determined. 
Condition 3(c)(ii)(C)(ii) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) in the case of SONIA-Linked Securities, Condition 
3(c)(ii)(D)(i)1 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) in the case of SOFR-Linked Securities and Condition 3(c)(ii)(E) 
(Interest on Floating Rate Securities) in the case of SORA-Linked Securities of the Terms and Conditions, set out 
the fallback provisions if the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index or the SORA Index, respectively, is 
unavailable at any time at which its value is required to be determined to calculate Compounded Daily SONIA, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded Daily SORA, as applicable for any Interest Period. In the case of 
Compounded Daily SOFR, the risks described below under “If SOFR is discontinued, SOFR-Linked Securities will 
bear interest by reference to a different base rate, which could adversely affect the value of such Securities, the 
return on such Securities and the price at which an investor can sell such Securities; there is no guarantee that any 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement will be a comparable substitute for SOFR” will apply. 
10 If SOFR is discontinued, SOFR-Linked Securities will bear interest by reference to a different base 
rate, which could adversely affect the value of such Securities, the return on such Securities and the 
price at which an investor can sell such Securities; there is no guarantee that any SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement will be a comparable substitute for SOFR 
If the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent (if any) determines that a SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of SOFR, then the interest rate 
on SOFR-Linked Securities will no longer be determined by reference to SOFR, but instead will be determined by 
reference to a different rate, which will be a different benchmark than SOFR (a “SOFR Benchmark Replacement”), 
plus a spread adjustment (a “SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment”), as further described in Condition 
3(c)(ii)(D)(ii) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) of the Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 55 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
55 
If a particular SOFR Benchmark Replacement or SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment cannot be determined, 
then the next available SOFR Benchmark Replacement or SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment will apply. 
These replacement rates and adjustments may be selected, recommended or formulated by (a) the Relevant 
Governmental Body (such as the Alternative Reference Rates Committee of the FRBNY), (b) ISDA or (c) in certain 
circumstances, the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent (if any). In addition, if the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent (if any) determine that (i) changes to the definitions of Business Day, Business Day 
Convention, Compounded Daily SOFR, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, 
SOFR Observation Period, SOFR Reference Rate or U.S. Government Securities Business Day and/or (ii) any other 
technical changes to any other provision described in Condition 3(c)(ii)(D) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) of 
the Terms and Conditions are necessary in order to implement the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, the Terms and 
Conditions expressly authorise the Issuer to amend such definitions and other provisions without the consent or 
approval of the holders of the applicable SOFR-Linked Securities. The determination of a SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement, the calculation of the interest rate on the SOFR-Linked Securities by reference to a SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement (including the application of a SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment), any amendments to the 
provisions described in the Terms and Conditions determined by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent, as the case may be, to be necessary in order to implement the SOFR Benchmark Replacement and any other 
determinations, decisions or elections that may be made under the Terms and Conditions in connection with a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event could adversely affect the value of the relevant SOFR-Linked Securities, the return on 
such Securities and the price at which investors can sell such Securities. 
Any determination, decision or election described above will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent (if any). Any exercise of such discretion by the Issuer may present the Issuer 
with a conflict of interest. In addition, if an affiliate of the Issuer is appointed as the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent, any exercise of such discretion may present the Issuer or such affiliate with a conflict of interest. 
In addition, (a) the composition and characteristics of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement will not be the same as 
those of SOFR, the SOFR Benchmark Replacement will not be the economic equivalent of SOFR, there can be no 
assurance that the SOFR Benchmark Replacement will perform in the same way as SOFR would have at any time 
and there is no guarantee that the SOFR Benchmark Replacement will be a comparable substitute for SOFR (each 
of which means that a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event could adversely affect the value of the relevant SOFR-
Linked Securities, the return on such Securities and the price at which investors can sell such Securities), (b) any 
failure of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement to gain market acceptance could adversely affect such Securities, (c) 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement may have a very limited history and the future performance of the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement cannot be predicted based on historical performance, (d) the secondary trading market for 
securities linked to the SOFR Benchmark Replacement may be limited and (e) the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement may make changes that could change the value of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement and 
has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of SOFR-Linked Securities in doing so. 
11 If SARON is discontinued, is no longer representative or may no longer be used, this may adversely 
affect the value of and return on SARON-Linked Securities 
The Rate of Interest applicable to each Interest Period for SARON-Linked Securities will be determined on the basis 
of SARON Compounded and SARON Compounded for each Interest Period will be based on the daily rate for 
SARON during the related SARON Observation Period, as more particularly described in the definition of SARON 
Compounded set out in Condition 3(c)(ii)(F)(ii) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) of the Terms and Conditions. 
However, to the extent SARON is discontinued, is no longer representative or may no longer be used, for purposes 
of determining SARON Compounded, the Calculation Agent for such SARON-Linked Securities will be required 
to use the alternative methods described in clauses (2) and (3) of the definition of SARON set out in Condition 
3(c)(ii)(F)(iii) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) of the Terms and Conditions, which include using a replacement 
rate recommended by a Recommending Body, using the SNB Policy Rate or, if the Replacement Rate Agent has

--- Page 56 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
56 
determined a replacement rate pursuant to Condition 3(c)(ii)(F)(v) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) of the Terms 
and Conditions, using such replacement rate. 
These provisions may result in the use of a reference rate that is not the same as the rate for SARON for the 
calculation of the interest rate on the relevant SARON-Linked Securities for the remainder of the term of such 
Securities and such rate may have different characteristics from the rate for SARON as at the Issue Date. 
Furthermore, any exercise by the Replacement Rate Agent of the discretion described in Condition 3(c)(ii)(F) 
(Interest on Floating Rate Securities) of the Terms and Conditions could adversely affect the market price for the 
relevant SARON-Linked Securities. In addition, if the Replacement Rate Agent is an affiliate of the Issuer, any 
exercise of such discretion may present the Issuer or such affiliate with a conflict of interest. 
12 Securities with a multiplier or other leverage factor 
Securities with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers or 
other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, their 
market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
13 Securities where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Securities 
In relation to any issue of Securities which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Securities may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum 
Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which 
is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system would not be able 
to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Securities at or in excess of the 
minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder 
who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination 
in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Security in respect 
of such holding (should definitive Securities be printed or issued) and would need to purchase a principal amount of 
Securities at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. 
If definitive Securities are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Securities which have a denomination that 
is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
14 Risk of withdrawal of offering and/or cancellation of issue of Securities 
In the case of public offers, the Issuer may provide in the relevant Final Terms that it is a condition of the offer that 
the Issuer reserves the right to withdraw the offer and/or cancel the issue of Securities at any time. The Issuer may 
determine to withdraw the offer and/or cancel the issue of Securities for reasons beyond its control, such as 
extraordinary events, substantial change of the political, financial, economic, legal, monetary or market conditions 
at national or international level and/or adverse events regarding the financial or commercial position of the Issuer 
and/or the other relevant events that in the commercially reasonable determination of the Issuer may be prejudicial 
to the offer and/or issue of the Securities. In such circumstances, the offer will be deemed to be null and void. In 
such case, where an investor has already paid or delivered subscription monies for the relevant Securities, the 
investor will be entitled to reimbursement of such amounts, but will not receive any remuneration that may have 
accrued in the period between their payment or delivery of subscription monies and the reimbursement of the 
Securities.

--- Page 57 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
57 
(E) 
RISKS RELATING TO REFERENCE UNDERLYINGS (“RISK CATEGORY E”) 
The risks set out under in the below sub-sections (1) to (10) of this Risk Category E are the most material risks relating 
to Reference Underlyings. 
1 
Underlying-linked Securities 
The Securities may be linked to Reference Underlyings, where the amount of principal, distribution, interest and/or 
premium payable are dependent upon the price or level of, or changes in the price or level of, such Reference 
Underlyings. In addition, the principal, distribution, interest or premium payable on the Securities may be in one or 
more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Securities are denominated. An investment 
in Underlying-linked Securities may entail significant risks not associated with investments in conventional debt 
securities. The relevant redemption amount paid by the Issuer in respect of the redemption of Underlying-linked 
Securities may be less than the amount invested by the investor and may in certain circumstances be zero. 
Potential investors in any such Securities should be aware that depending on the terms of the Securities: 
(a) 
the market price of such Securities may be volatile; 
(b) 
they may receive no, or a limited amount of, distribution, interest or premium; 
(c) 
payment of principal, distribution, interest or premium may occur at a different time than expected; 
(d) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment; 
(e) 
the price or level of the relevant Reference Underlying may be subject to significant fluctuations that may 
not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(f) 
if the amount of principal, distribution, interest and/or premium payable are determined in conjunction with 
a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price 
or level of the relevant Reference Underlying on principal, distribution, interest or premium payable will be 
magnified; and 
(g) 
the timing of changes in the price or level of the relevant Reference Underlying may affect the actual yield 
to investors, even if the average price or level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the 
change in the price of the relevant Reference Underlying, the greater the effect on yield. 
The market price of the Securities may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to the redemption 
date, the volatility of the price or level of the relevant Reference Underlying, the dividend rate (if any) and the 
financial results and prospects of the issuer or issuers of the relevant Reference Underlyings (or assets constituted 
thereby), as well as economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting 
the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any such Reference Underlyings may be traded. 
2 
Past performance of a Reference Underlying is not indicative of future performance 
The historical performance of a Reference Underlying should not be viewed as an indication of the future 
performance of such Reference Underlying during the term of any Securities. Accordingly, potential investors should 
consult their own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any Securities and the 
suitability of such Securities in light of their particular circumstances. 
3 
The effect of averaging on Reference Price and Reference Level 
If the relevant Final Terms for Equity Linked Securities or Index Linked Securities, as the case may be, provide that 
the Final Redemption Amount shall be determined by reference to the Reference Price or the Reference Level, as 
applicable, such amount will be determined using averaging. The amount payable on such Securities (whether at

--- Page 58 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
58 
maturity or otherwise) will be based on the arithmetic average of the applicable levels, prices, rates or other 
applicable values of the Reference Underlying(s) on each of the specified averaging dates, and not the simple 
performance of the Reference Underlying(s) over the term of the Securities. For example, if the applicable level, 
price, rate or other applicable value of the particular Reference Underlying(s) dramatically surged on the last of five 
averaging dates, the amount payable on the Securities may be significantly less than it would have been had the 
amount payable been linked only to the applicable level, price, rate or other applicable value of the particular 
Reference Underlying(s) on that last averaging date. 
4 
No Rights of Ownership in Reference Underlying 
Potential investors in the Securities should be aware that a Reference Underlying will not be held by the Issuer for 
the benefit of the Securityholders of such Securities and, as such, Securityholders will have no rights of ownership, 
including, without limitation, any voting rights, any rights to receive dividends or other distributions or any other 
rights with respect to any Reference Underlying referenced by such Securities. 
5 
Adjustment events or other events affecting the Issuer’s hedging arrangements or the Reference 
Underlying(s) 
5.1 
Adjustment or alternative provisions for valuation of a Reference Underlying 
If the Issuer determines that any adjustment events or other events affecting the Issuer’s hedging 
arrangements or the Reference Underlying(s) has occurred which affects the valuation of such Reference 
Underlying, the Issuer may apply any consequential adjustment of, or any alternative provisions for, valuation 
of such Reference Underlying provided in the terms and conditions of the Securities, including a 
postponement in the valuation of such Reference Underlying and/or a determination of the value of such 
Reference Underlying by the Issuer in its discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, each of which may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities. 
5.2 
Issuer determination in respect of a Reference Underlying, adjustment to or early redemption of 
the Securities and reinvestment risk following such early redemption 
If the Issuer determines that any adjustment events or other events affecting the Issuer’s hedging 
arrangements or the Reference Underlying(s) has occurred, the Issuer may adjust the terms and conditions of 
the Securities (without the consent of the Securityholders) or may procure the early redemption of the 
Securities prior to their scheduled maturity date, in each case, in accordance with such terms and conditions 
and no other amounts shall be payable in respect of the Securities on account of interest or otherwise 
following such determination by the Issuer. In the event of such early redemption, the Issuer will pay the 
early redemption amount in respect of the Securities, which will be determined by the Issuer in accordance 
with the terms and conditions. Potential investors in the Securities should be aware that this early redemption 
amount may be less than their initial investment. Following any such early redemption of the Securities, 
Securityholders may not be able to reinvest the proceeds at any effective interest rate as high as the interest 
rate or yield on the Securities being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Potential investors in the Securities should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available 
at that time. 
6 
Occurrence of Additional Disruption Events 
Additional Disruption Events in respect of a Reference Underlying may include events which result in the Issuer 
incurring material costs for performing its obligations under the Securities due to a change in applicable law or 
regulation, the inability or a materially increased cost of the Issuer and/or its affiliates to maintain or enter into

--- Page 59 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
59 
hedging arrangements in respect of such Reference Underlying and the Securities. Subject to the terms and 
conditions for the Securities which determine the types of Additional Disruption Events which are applicable, upon 
determining that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent has discretion to make 
adjustments to the terms of the Securities (without the consent of the Securityholders) or, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that such adjustments will not produce a commercially reasonable result, the Issuer will redeem the 
Securities at the Early Redemption Amount. 
7 
Correction of published prices or levels 
In the event that the relevant published prices or levels of a Reference Underlying are subsequently corrected and 
such correction is published by the entity or sponsor responsible for publishing such prices or levels, subject to such 
correction and publication occurring prior to a specified cut-off date in respect of the relevant Securities, such 
corrected prices or levels may be taken into account by the Issuer in any determination in relation to the Securities 
and/or the Issuer may make adjustments to the terms of the Securities, subject to the provisions of the relevant terms 
and conditions for the Securities. Where such corrected prices or levels are lower than the original levels or prices, 
this may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities. 
8 
Jurisdictional Events 
The amount payable in respect of Securities may be reduced if the value of the proceeds of the Issuer’s (or its 
affiliates’) hedging arrangements in relation to the relevant Reference Underlying are reduced as a result of various 
matters (each described as a “Jurisdictional Event”) relating to risks connected with the relevant country or 
countries specified in the terms and conditions of the Securities. 
9 
Credit Quality 
None of the Issuer, the Dealers or any Affiliate makes any representation as to the credit quality of any Reference 
Entities or any other entities to which any Reference Underlyings relate. 
10 No direct rights in respect of the Reference Underlyings 
An investment in a Security entitles the Securityholder to certain cash payments calculated by reference to the 
Reference Underlyings to which the Security is linked. It is not an investment directly in the Reference Underlyings 
(or assets constituted thereby) themselves. An investment in a Security does not entitle the Securityholder or investor 
to the Reference Underlyings (or assets constituted thereby) themselves nor to the beneficial interest in such 
Reference Underlyings (or assets constituted thereby). A Security will not represent a claim against the Reference 
Entities or any other entities to which such Reference Underlyings relate and, in the event of any loss, a 
Securityholder or investor will not have recourse under a Security against such entities or against any other assets 
of such entities. 
(F) 
ADDITIONAL RISKS RELATING TO PARTICULAR TYPES OF REFERENCE 
UNDERLYINGS (“RISK CATEGORY F”) 
The risks set out under in the below sub-sections (1) to (6) of this Risk Category F are the most material risks relating to 
particular types of Reference Underlyings.

--- Page 60 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
60 
1 
Risks associated with Securities linked to a basket of Reference Underlyings 
The following are particular risks associated with Securities linked to a basket of Reference Underlyings: 
(i) 
If the basket constituents are high correlated, any move in the performance of the basket constituents will 
exaggerate the impact on the value of the Securities 
Correlation of basket constituents indicates the level of interdependence among the individual basket 
constituents with respect to their performance. If, for example, all of the basket constituents originate from 
the same sector and the same country, a high positive correlation may generally be assumed. Past rates of 
correlation may not be determinative of future rates of correlation. Investors should be aware that, though 
basket constituents may not appear to be correlated based on past performance, they may nevertheless suffer 
the same negative performance following a general downturn. 
(ii) 
The negative performance of a single basket constituent may outweigh a positive performance of one or more 
other basket constituents 
Even in the case of a positive performance by the other basket constituents, the performance of the basket as 
a whole may be negative if the performance of the other basket constituents is negative to a greater extent, 
depending on the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. 
(iii) 
A small basket, or an unequally weighted basket, will generally leave the basket more vulnerable to changes 
in the value of any particular basket constituent 
The performance of a basket that includes a fewer number of basket constituents will generally be more 
affected by changes in the value of any particular basket constituent than a basket that includes a larger basket. 
(iv) 
A change in composition of a basket may have an adverse effect on basket performance 
Where the terms and conditions of the Securities grant the Issuer the right, in certain circumstances, to adjust 
the composition of the basket, investors should be aware that any replacement basket constituent may perform 
differently from the original basket constituent, which may have an adverse effect on the performance of the 
basket. 
2 
Risks associated with Indices 
(i) 
Factors affecting the performance of Indices may adversely affect the value of the Securities 
Indices comprise a synthetic portfolio of shares or other assets, and as such, the performance of an Index is 
dependent upon the macroeconomic factors relating to the shares or other components that comprise such 
Index, which may include interest and price levels on the capital markets, currency developments, political 
factors and (in the case of shares) company-specific factors such as earnings position, market position, risk 
situation, shareholder structure and distribution policy. Any of these factors affecting the performance of 
shares may in turn adversely affect the market value of and return on the Securities that are linked to such 
shares (including depositary receipts). 
(ii) 
Returns on Securities will not be the same as a direct investment in futures or option on the Index or in the 
underlying components of the Index 
An investment in the Securities is not the same as a direct investment in futures or option contracts on any 
one or more Indices nor any or all of the constituents comprising each relevant Index. In particular, investors 
will not benefit directly from any positive movements in any Index nor will investors benefit from any profits 
made as a direct result of an investment in each Index. Accordingly, changes in the performance of any Index 
may not result in comparable changes in the market value of the Securities.

--- Page 61 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
61 
(iii) 
Loss of return of dividends in respect of most Securities linked to Indices 
The rules of an Index might stipulate that dividends distributed on its components do not lead to a rise in the 
level of the Index, for example, if it is a “price” index. As a result, holders of Securities linked to such an 
Index would lose the benefit of any dividends paid by the components of the Index and would underperform 
a position where they invested directly in such components or where they invested in a “total return” version 
of the Index. Even if the rules of the relevant underlying Index provide that distributed dividends or other 
distributions of the index components are reinvested in the Index and therefore result in raising its level, in 
some circumstances the dividends or other distributions may not be fully reinvested in such Index. 
(iv) 
A change in the composition or discontinuance of an Index could have a negative impact on the value of the 
Securities 
The sponsor of an Index can add, delete or substitute the components of such Index or make other 
methodological changes that could change the level of one or more components. The changing of the 
components of an Index may affect the level of such Index as a newly added component may perform 
significantly worse or better than the component it replaces, which in turn may adversely affect the value of 
the Securities. The sponsor of an Index may also alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination 
of such Index. The sponsor of an Index will have no involvement in the offer and sale of the Securities and 
will have no obligation to any investor in such Securities. The sponsor of an Index may take any actions in 
respect of such Index without regard to the interests of the investor in the Securities, and any of these actions 
could have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities. 
(v) 
Occurrence of Index Adjustment Events 
Upon determining that an Index Adjustment Event has occurred in relation to an Index, the Calculation Agent 
has the discretion to make certain determinations and adjustments to account for such event, including to 
make adjustments to the terms of the Securities (without the consent of Securityholders) by reference to the 
rules of futures/options exchanges on which contracts that may reference the Index or its components may 
be traded or, if such an approach will not achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Issuer may redeem 
the Securities at the Early Redemption Amount, any of which determinations may have an adverse effect on 
the value of the Securities. 
3 
Emerging Markets 
Securities may be linked to a Reference Underlying in emerging markets. Emerging markets are located in countries 
that possess one or more of the following characteristics: a certain degree of political instability, relatively 
unpredictable financial markets and economic growth patterns, a financial market that is still at the development 
stage or a weak economy. Emerging markets investments usually result in higher risks such as event risk, political 
risk, economic risk, credit risk, currency rate risk, market risk, liquidity/gapping risk, regulatory/legal risk, trade 
settlement, processing and clearing risks and bondholder/shareholder risk as further described below. 
(i) 
Event Risk 
On occasion, a country or region will suffer an unforeseen catastrophic event (for example, a natural disaster) 
which causes disturbances in its financial markets, including rapid movements in its currency, that will affect 
the value of securities in, or which relate to, that country. Furthermore, the value of a Reference Underlying, 
and, in turn, the Securities, and any income derived therefrom, can be affected by global events, including 
events (political, economic or otherwise) occurring in a country other than that in which the Securities are 
issued or traded.

--- Page 62 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
62 
(ii) 
Political Risk 
Many emerging markets countries are undergoing, or have undergone in recent years, significant political 
change which has affected government policy, including the regulation of industry, trade, financial markets 
and foreign and domestic investment. The relative inexperience with such policies and instability of these 
political systems leave them more vulnerable to economic hardship, public unrest or popular dissatisfaction 
with reform, political or diplomatic developments, social, ethnic or religious instability or changes in 
government policies. Such circumstances, in turn, could lead to a reversal of some or all political reforms, a 
backlash against foreign investment, and possibly even a turn away from a market-oriented economy. For 
Securityholders, the results may include confiscatory taxation, exchange controls, compulsory re-acquisition, 
nationalisation or expropriation of foreign-owned assets without adequate compensation or the restructuring 
of particular industry sectors in a way that could adversely affect investments in those sectors. Any perceived, 
actual or expected disruptions or changes in government policies of a country, by elections or otherwise, can 
have a major impact on the value of a Reference Underlying, and, in turn, the value of Securities, linked to 
those countries. 
(iii) 
Economic Risk 
The economies of emerging markets countries are by their nature in early or intermediate stages of economic 
development and, therefore, more vulnerable to rising interest rates and inflation. In fact, in many countries, 
high interest and inflation rates are the norm. Rates of economic growth, corporate profits, domestic and 
international flows of funds, external and sovereign debt, dependence on international trade, and sensitivity 
to world commodity prices play key roles in economic development, yet vary greatly from country to country. 
Businesses and governments in these countries may have a limited history of operating under market 
conditions. Accordingly, when compared to more developed countries, businesses and governments of 
emerging markets countries are relatively inexperienced in dealing with market conditions and have a limited 
capital base from which to borrow funds and develop their operations and economies. In addition, the lack 
of an economically feasible tax regime in certain countries poses the risk of sudden imposition of arbitrary 
or excessive taxes, which could adversely affect foreign Securityholders. Furthermore, many emerging 
markets countries lack a strong infrastructure and banks and other financial institutions may not be well-
developed or well-regulated. All of the above factors, among others, can affect the proper functioning of the 
economy and have a corresponding adverse effect on the performance of a Reference Underlying linked to a 
particular market, and, in turn, the Securities. 
(iv) 
Credit Risk 
Emerging markets sovereign and corporate debt tends to be riskier than sovereign and corporate debt in 
established markets. Issuers and obligors of debt in these countries are more likely to be unable to make 
timely coupon or principal payments, thereby causing the underlying debt to go into default. The sovereign 
debt of some countries is currently in technical default and there are no guarantees that such debt will 
eventually be restructured (possibly in a Brady Bond-like arrangement) allowing for a more liquid market in 
that debt. The measure of a company’s or government’s ability to repay its debt affects not only the market 
for that particular debt, but also the market for all securities related to that company or country. Additionally, 
evaluating credit risk for foreign bonds involves greater uncertainty because credit rating agencies throughout 
the world have different standards, making comparisons across countries difficult. Many debt securities are 
simply unrated and may already be in default or considered distressed. There is often less publicly available 
business and financial information about foreign issuers than those in developed countries. Furthermore, 
foreign companies are often not subject to uniform accounting, auditing and financial reporting standards. 
Also, some emerging markets countries may have accounting standards that bear little or no resemblance to, 
or may not even be reconcilable with, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

--- Page 63 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
63 
(v) 
Currency Risk 
A Reference Underlying may be denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars, euro or pounds sterling. 
The weakening of a country’s currency relative to the U.S. dollar or other benchmark currencies will 
negatively affect the value (in U.S. dollar or such other benchmark currency) of an instrument denominated 
in that currency. Currency valuations are linked to a host of economic, social and political factors and can 
fluctuate greatly, even during intra-day trading. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between any Relevant 
Currency and the Specified Currency will affect the value of the Securities and the amount payable on 
redemption of the Securities. In addition, exchange rate fluctuations will affect the U.S. dollar equivalent of 
any cash dividends or other payments denominated in any Relevant Currency distributed in respect of a 
Reference Underlying, and, thereby, the level of distribution, interest and/or premium with respect to the 
Securities (if any). 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. Such controls may include the suspension of the ability 
to exchange or transfer currency, or the devaluation of the currency. Hedging can increase or decrease the 
exposure to any one currency, but may not completely eliminate exposure to changing currency values. As a 
result, an investor may receive a lesser amount on the Securities than expected, or no amount at all. 
(vi) 
Market Risk 
The emerging equity and debt markets of many emerging markets countries, like their economies, are in the 
early stages of development. These financial markets generally lack the level of transparency, liquidity, 
efficiency and regulation found in more developed markets. It is important, therefore, to be familiar with 
secondary market trading in emerging markets securities and the terminology and conventions applicable to 
transactions in these markets. 
Price volatility in many of these markets can be extreme. Price discrepancies can be common and market 
dislocation is not uncommon. Additionally, as news about a country becomes available, the financial markets 
may react with dramatic upswings and/or downswings in prices during a very short period of time. These 
markets also might not have regulations governing manipulation and insider trading or other provisions 
designed to “level the playing field” with respect to the availability of information and the use or misuse 
thereof in such markets. It may be difficult to employ certain risk management practices for emerging markets 
securities, such as forward currency exchange contracts, stock options, currency options, stock and stock 
index options, futures contracts and options on futures contracts. 
(vii) 
Regulatory/Legal Risk 
In emerging markets countries, there is generally less government supervision and regulation of business and 
industry practices, stock exchanges, over-the-counter markets, brokers, dealers and issuers than in more 
developed countries. Whatever supervision is in place may be subject to manipulation or control. Many 
countries have mature legal systems comparable to those of more developed countries, while others do not. 
The process of regulatory and legal reform may not proceed at the same pace as market developments, which 
could result in confusion and uncertainty and, ultimately, increased investment risk. Legislation to safeguard 
the rights of private ownership may not yet be in place in certain areas, and there may be the risk of conflict 
among local, regional and national requirements. In certain areas, the laws and regulations governing 
investments in securities may not exist or may be subject to inconsistent or arbitrary application or 
interpretation and may be changed with retroactive effect. Both the independence of judicial systems and 
their immunity from economic, political or nationalistic influences remain largely untested in many countries. 
Judges and courts in many countries are generally inexperienced in the areas of business and corporate law. 
Companies are exposed to the risk that legislatures will revise established law solely in response to economic 
or political pressure or popular discontent. There is no guarantee that a foreign Securityholder would obtain 
a satisfactory remedy in local courts in case of a breach of local laws or regulations or a dispute over

--- Page 64 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
64 
ownership of assets. A Securityholder may also encounter difficulties in pursuing legal remedies or in 
obtaining and enforcing judgments in foreign courts. 
(viii) Trade Settlement, Processing and Clearing 
Many emerging markets have different clearance and settlement procedures from those in more developed 
countries. For many emerging markets securities, there is no central clearing mechanism for settling trades 
and no central depositary or custodian for the safe keeping of securities. Custodians can include domestic 
and foreign custodian banks and depositaries, among others. The registration, record-keeping and transfer of 
securities may be carried out manually, which may cause delays in the recording of ownership. Where 
applicable, the Issuer will settle trades in emerging markets securities in accordance with the current market 
practice developed for such transactions by the Emerging Markets Traders Association (“EMTA”). 
Otherwise, the transaction may be settled in accordance with the practice and procedure (to the extent 
applicable) of the relevant market. There are times when settlement dates are extended, and during the interim 
the market value of a Reference Underlying, and in turn, the Securities linked to such Reference Underlying, 
may change. Moreover, certain markets have experienced times when settlements did not keep pace with the 
volume of transactions resulting in settlement difficulties. Because of the lack of standardised settlement 
procedures, settlement risk is more prominent than in more mature markets. In addition, Securityholders may 
be subject to operational risks in the event that Securityholders do not have in place appropriate internal 
systems and controls to monitor the various risks, funding and other requirements to which Securityholders 
may be subject by virtue of their activities with respect to emerging market securities. 
(ix) 
Bondholder/Shareholder Risk 
Rules in emerging markets countries regulating the ownership and corporate governance of companies (for 
example, requiring the disclosure of large ownership positions or governing tender offers by majority 
shareholders) may not exist or may provide little protection to bondholders and shareholders. Disclosure and 
reporting requirements in general, from annual and quarterly reports to prospectus content and delivery, may 
be minimal or non-existent. Anti-fraud and insider trading law is generally not very developed in many 
emerging markets countries. There may be no prohibitions or restrictions under local law on the ability of 
management to terminate existing business operations, sell or dispose of assets, or otherwise materially affect 
the value of the company without the consent of its shareholders. Anti-dilution protection may also be very 
limited. There may be no fiduciary duty, or a limited concept of fiduciary duty, on the part of management or 
the directors to the company or to the shareholders as a whole or minority shareholders. Remedies for 
violations of shareholders’ rights may be difficult to obtain because of the absence of a system of derivative 
or class action litigation. 
4 
Securities linked to PRC Reference Underlyings (including ChiNext Shares) listed on PRC Stock 
Exchanges 
Trading in Securities linked to PRC Reference Underlyings through either the Qualified Foreign Institutional 
Investor regime (“QFII”), RMB Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor regime (“RQFII”) or the China Connect 
Service is subject to a number of restrictions, including pre-trade checking requirements, daily quotas that apply to 
Northbound trading through the China Connect Service (in the case of China Connect Service). In addition, the 
China Connect Service may also be disrupted or terminated and a QFII or RQFII may also lose its qualification. 
There are also further regulatory uncertainties that apply in each case, including the taxes to which trades are subject. 
Each of the above factors may affect Securities with one or more PRC Reference Underlyings. 
Furthermore, the Securityholder or investor should note that any exposure to ChiNext Shares involves a high 
investment risk. In particular, profitability and other financial requirements for listing of shares on the ChiNext 
Board (operated by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange) (the “ChiNext Board”) are less stringent than the Main Board

--- Page 65 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
65 
(operated by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange) and the Small and Medium Enterprise Board (operated by the Shenzhen 
Stock Exchange) of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. The Securityholder or investor should make the decision to 
invest in Securities linked to ChiNext Shares only after due and careful consideration. 
Companies listed on the ChiNext Board may include enterprises in the innovation and technology sector as well as 
other start-up and/or growth enterprises with a smaller operating scale and share capital. Accordingly, the ChiNext 
Shares may be very volatile and illiquid. In addition, current information on such companies may be limited and 
may not be widely available. 
It may be more common and easier for companies listed on the ChiNext Board to be delisted. The ChiNext Shares 
may become very illiquid after delisting. 
In light of the above, investment in Securities linked to ChiNext Shares may involve significant risk of loss and such 
Securities shall be made available only to Eligible Investors (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities) and any transfer of such Securities shall be made only to Eligible Investors. 
5 
China Government and Regulatory Intervention; Suspension of PRC Reference Underlying traded 
through QFII regime or China Connect Service 
Securities linked to a PRC Reference Underlying through the QFII regime or China Connect Service may be affected 
(which may be positive or negative) by the intervention of the Chinese Government and/or regulatory bodies in the 
China market. Such intervention mechanisms include, but are not limited to, the introduction and/or suspension of 
circuit breakers to the China stock market, the injection of capital into the China market to provide liquidity and 
increases or decreases to banks’ reserve requirement ratio. PRC Reference Underlyings traded through the QFII 
regime or China Connect Service may also be more volatile and unstable if such PRC Reference Underlyings are 
suspended from trading. Such suspension may prolong for a considerable period of time and volatility and settlement 
difficulties relating to such PRC Reference Underlyings may also result in significant fluctuations in the prices, and 
may adversely affect the value, of the Securities. 
6 
Securities linked to Indian Reference Underlyings 
The Indian Government has legislated General Anti-Avoidance Rules (“GAAR”) in its domestic tax law, under 
which certain transactions entered into by foreign portfolio investors (“FPIs”) registered with SEBI under the FPI 
Regulations would be taxed if such transactions amounted to “impermissible avoidance agreements” as defined 
under GAAR. The GAAR guidelines were amended by the Indian Government on 24th June 2016 and a circular 
was issued on 27th January 2017 clarifying the GAAR guidelines: GAAR will not apply to any income accruing or 
arising to, or deemed to accrue or arise to, or received or deemed to be received by, any person from a transfer of 
investments made before 1st April 2017, but the GAAR provisions will apply to any arrangement, irrespective of 
the date on which it has been entered into, in respect of tax benefits obtained from the arrangement on or after 
1st April 2017. Thus income arising on transfer of investments made before that date is not subject to GAAR, but 
any other income may be subject to GAAR. The scope of GAAR and its impact on transactions done by FPIs is 
unclear at present and it is possible that Securities with one or more Indian Reference Underlyings may be affected 
by GAAR. 
(G) 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH SECURITIES IN CASE OF INSOLVENCY OF THE ISSUER AND IN 
CONNECTION WITH RESOLUTION MEASURES IN RESPECT OF THE ISSUER (“RISK 
CATEGORY G”) 
The risks set out under in the below sub-sections (1) to (2) of this Risk Category G are the most material risks in case of 
insolvency of the Issuer and in connection with resolution measures in respect of the Issuer.

--- Page 66 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
66 
1 
Rights of the holders of Securities issued by CS may be adversely affected by FINMA’s broad 
statutory powers in the case of a restructuring proceeding in relation to CS, including its power to 
convert such Securities into equity and/or partially or fully write-down such Securities 
Swiss banking laws provide FINMA with broad powers and discretion in the case of resolution procedures with 
respect to Swiss banks such as CS. In such resolution procedures, FINMA may require the conversion of Securities 
issued by CS into equity and/or a partial or full write-down of Securities issued by CS. In such case, holders of 
Securities issued by CS would lose all or some of their investment in such Securities. Where FINMA orders the 
conversion of Securities issued by CS into equity, the securities received may be worth significantly less than the 
Securities and may have a significantly different risk profile. 
For a description of the current regime under Swiss banking laws as it applies to CS, see “—Recent regulatory 
developments and proposals—Switzerland” and “—Regulatory framework—Switzerland—Resolution regime” under 
“Information on the Company—Regulation and supervision” of the Annual Report 2020. 
2 
The Hong Kong Financial Institutions (Resolution) Ordinance may adversely affect the Securities 
As CS is subject to and bound by the Financial Institutions (Resolution) Ordinance (Cap.628) of Hong Kong (the 
“FIRO”) in respect of its obligations under the Securities, the exercise of any resolution power by the relevant 
resolution authority under the FIRO in respect of CS may have a material adverse effect on the value of the 
Securities, and as a result, Securityholders may not be able to recover all or any amount due under the Securities. 
The amounts payable under the Securities and market value of the Securities may be adversely affected by 
movements in the reference price or level of the relevant Reference Underlyings or the prevailing Exchange 
Rate. The amount payable on redemption of the Securities may be less than the amount invested by the 
investor and may be zero. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should note that the Issuer, or an Affiliate of the Issuer, may agree to 
purchase a substantial proportion of the Securities as principal. In addition purchasers should be aware that 
under the terms and conditions of the Securities the Issuer or any Affiliate may purchase the Securities at any 
time. Such Securities may be held, resold, or cancelled. Purchasers should not therefore make any assumption 
as to the number of Securities in issue at any one time.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(1) 
The Form 20-F of CSG and CS filed with the SEC on 10th March 2022 (the “Form 20-F dated 10th March 
2022”) 
(available 
at 
https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/corporate/docs/about-us/investor-
relations/financial-disclosures/sec-filings/form-20f-2021.pdf), which contains: 
(a) 
the CSG and CS Annual Report 2021 (the “Annual Report 2021”); and 
(b) 
the audited balance sheet, statement of income, statement of changes in equity and notes of CS for the 
year ended 31st December 2021 (the “Audited 2021 Parent Financial Statements”), which, together 
with the Annual Report 2021, contain, among other things: 
(i) 
the audited consolidated balance sheets of CS as of 31st December 2021 and 2020, and the 
related audited consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in 
equity and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended 31st December 2021, 
and the related notes (the “Audited 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements” and the 
auditors’ reports in respect thereof); and  
(ii) 
the Audited 2021 Parent Financial Statements identified in the following cross reference lists 
are incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus (any information not 
listed on the cross-reference lists but included in the Form 20-F dated 10th March 2022, the 
Annual Report 2021, the Audited 2021 Parent Financial Statements or the Audited 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements is not incorporated by reference and is either not relevant 
for the investor or covered in another part of this Base Prospectus): 
 
The 
page 
numbers 
below refer to the pages 
of the PDF file of the 
Form 20-F dated 10th 
March 2022 
Definitions ............................................................................................................... 
page 6 
Sources .................................................................................................................... 
page 6 
Cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information ................................ 
page 6 
Part I ........................................................................................................................ 
pages 7 – 11 
Part II ....................................................................................................................... 
pages 11 – 12 
Part III ..................................................................................................................... 
page 13 
Signatures ................................................................................................................ 
page 15 
 
The 
page 
numbers 
below refer to the pages 
of the PDF file of the 
Annual 
Report 
2021 
exhibited to the Form 
20-F dated 10th March 
2022 
Cover page .............................................................................................................. 
page 17 
Key metrics ............................................................................................................. 
page 18

--- Page 68 ---
68 
Title page ................................................................................................................. 
page 19 
Table of contents ..................................................................................................... 
page 21 
I. 
Information on the company ......................................................................... 
pages 27 – 55 
Strategy ......................................................................................................... 
pages 28 – 29 
Divisions ....................................................................................................... 
pages 30 – 35 
Regulation and supervision ........................................................................... 
pages 36 – 55 
II. 
Operating and financial review ..................................................................... 
pages 71 – 128 
Operating environment .................................................................................. 
pages 72 – 73 
Credit Suisse ................................................................................................. 
pages 74 – 88 
Swiss Universal Bank ................................................................................... 
pages 89 – 96 
International Wealth Management ................................................................ 
pages 97 – 101 
Asia Pacific ................................................................................................... 
pages 102 – 106 
Asset Management ........................................................................................ 
Pages 107 – 110 
Investment Bank............................................................................................ 
pages 111 – 114 
Corporate Center ........................................................................................... 
pages 115 – 118 
Assets under management ............................................................................. 
pages 119 – 122 
Critical accounting estimates ........................................................................ 
pages 123 – 128 
III. 
Treasury, Risk, Balance sheet and Off-balance sheet .................................... 
pages 129 – 200 
Liquidity and funding management .............................................................. 
pages 130 – 138 
Capital management ...................................................................................... 
pages 139 – 155 
Risk management .......................................................................................... 
pages 156 – 197 
Balance sheet and off-balance sheet .............................................................. 
pages 198 – 200 
IV. 
Corporate Governance .................................................................................. 
pages 201 – 256 
Overview ....................................................................................................... 
pages 202 – 208 
Shareholders .................................................................................................. 
pages 209 – 214 
Board of Directors ......................................................................................... 
pages 215 – 239 
Executive Board ............................................................................................ 
pages 240 – 251 
Audit ............................................................................................................. 
page 252 
Additional information .................................................................................. 
pages 253 – 255 
V. 
Compensation ................................................................................................ 
pages 257; 264 – 298 
Executive Board compensation ..................................................................... 
pages 264 – 275 
Group compensation ..................................................................................... 
pages 276 – 284 
Board of Directors compensation .................................................................. 
pages 285 – 289 
Compensation design .................................................................................... 
pages 290 – 294 
Compensation governance ............................................................................ 
pages 295 – 296 
VI. 
Consolidated financial statements—Credit Suisse Group ............................. 
pages 299 – 456 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (table of contents) ................ 
page 300

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Controls and procedures ................................................................................ 
page 301 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm – 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AG*,** .................................................................. 
pages 302 – 305 
Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm – KPMG 
AG* ............................................................................................................... 
page 306 
Consolidated financial statements, including  ............................................... 
pages 307 – 313  
Consolidated statements of operations  ......................................................... 
page 307 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income ...................................... 
page 307 
Consolidated balance sheets .......................................................................... 
pages 308 – 309  
Consolidated statements of changes in equity ............................................... 
pages 310 – 311  
Consolidated statements of cash flows .......................................................... 
pages 312 – 313  
Supplemental cash flow information ............................................................. 
page 313 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements .............................................. 
pages 314 – 455 
VII. Parent company financial statements—Credit Suisse Group ........................ 
page 457 – 476 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (table of contents) ................ 
page 458 
Parent company financial statements; including ........................................... 
page 461 – 463 
Statements of income .................................................................................... 
page 461 
Balance sheets ............................................................................................... 
page 462 
Notes to the financial statements ................................................................... 
pages 464 – 475 
Proposed appropriation of retained earnings and capital distribution ........... 
page 476 
VIII. Consolidated financial statements—Credit Suisse (Bank) ............................ 
pages 477 – 556 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (table of contents) ................ 
page 478 
Controls and procedures ................................................................................ 
page 479 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AG*,** .................................................................. 
pages 480 – 483 
Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm – KPMG 
AG* ............................................................................................................... 
page 484 
Consolidated financial statements, including ................................................ 
pages 485 – 491 
Consolidated statements of operations .......................................................... 
page 485 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income ...................................... 
page 485 
Consolidated balance sheets .......................................................................... 
pages 486 – 487 
Consolidated statements of changes in equity ............................................... 
pages 488 – 489 
Consolidated statements of cash flows .......................................................... 
pages 490 – 491 
Supplemental cash flow information ............................................................. 
page 491 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements .............................................. 
pages 492 – 556

--- Page 70 ---
70 
IX.     Parent company financial statements – Credit Suisse (Bank) 
pages 557 – 602 
Notes to the financial statements (table of contents) ..................................... 
page 558 
Parent company financial statements, including: .......................................... 
pages 561 – 563 
Statements of income .................................................................................... 
page 561 
Balance sheets ............................................................................................... 
page 562 
Off-balance sheet transactions ....................................................................... 
page 563 
Statements of changes in equity .................................................................... 
page 563 
Notes to the financial statements ................................................................... 
pages 564 – 600  
Proposed appropriation of retained earnings and capital distribution ........... 
page 601 
X. 
Additional information .................................................................................. 
pages 603 – 616 
Statistical information ................................................................................... 
pages 604 – 610 
Other information .......................................................................................... 
pages 611 – 615 
 
Appendix ....................................................................................................... 
page 617 
Selected five-year information ...................................................................... 
page 618 
Cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information ...................... 
page 628 
 
* 
Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm relating to consolidated financial 
statements 
** 
Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm relating to internal control over 
financial reporting. 
 
(2) 
The Form 6-K of CSG and CS filed with the SEC on 21st March 2022 (the “Form 6-K dated 21st March 
2022”) (available at https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/about-us/docs/investor-relations/financial-
regulatory-disclosures/regulatory-disclosures/company-registration-documents/form-6-k-dated-21-march-
2022.pdf). 
All of the information in the Form 6-K dated 21st March 2022 identified in the following cross-reference list 
is incorporated by reference in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus (any information not listed on the 
cross-reference list but included in the Form 6-K dated 21st March 2022 is not incorporated by reference and 
is either not relevant for the investor or covered in another part of this Base Prospectus): 
 
The 
page 
numbers 
below refer to the pages 
of the PDF file of the 
Form 6-K dated 21st 
March 2022 
Whole document except for the third, fourth and sixth paragraphs on the 
first page of the media release and the first, second and third paragraphs 
on the second page of the media release as well as the sentences “The 
further proposals to be put forth for shareholder vote at the 2022 AGM on 
29th April 2022 will be published with the invitation and agenda for the 
2022 AGM, which will be sent to shareholders and available on the Credit 
Suisse website approximately one month prior to the event at: www.credit- 
pages 1 – 7

--- Page 71 ---
71 
suisse.com/agm.” and “Further information about Credit Suisse can be 
found at www.credit-suisse.com.” 
 
(3) 
The Form 6-K of CSG and CS filed with the SEC on 27th April 2022, including the Credit Suisse Earnings 
Release 1Q22 (the “Earnings Release 1Q22”) exhibited thereto (which contains the unaudited condensed 
consolidated balance sheets of CS as of 31st March 2022, and the related unaudited condensed consolidated 
statements of operations, comprehensive income and changes in equity for the three-month periods ended 
31st March 2022 and 31st March 2021) (the “Form 6-K dated 27th April 2022”) (available at 
https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/corporate/docs/about-us/investor-relations/financial-
disclosures/sec-filings/2022-q1-6k-group-bank-2704.pdf). 
All of the information in the Form 6-K dated 27th April 2022 and the Earnings Release 1Q22 exhibited 
thereto identified in the following cross-reference lists is incorporated by reference in, and forms part of, this 
Base Prospectus (any information not listed on the cross-reference list but included in either the Form 6-K 
dated 27th April 2022 or the Earnings Release 1Q22 is not incorporated by reference and is either not relevant 
for the investor or covered in another part of this Base Prospectus): 
 
The 
page 
numbers 
below refer to the pages 
of the PDF file of the 
Form 6-K dated 27th 
April 2022 
Cover page .................................................................................................... 
page 1 
Explanatory note ........................................................................................... 
page 2 
Forward-looking statements .......................................................................... 
page 2 
Group and Bank differences .......................................................................... 
page 3 – 4 
Selected financial data – Bank ...................................................................... 
pages 4 – 5 
Exhibits ......................................................................................................... 
page 6 
Signatures ...................................................................................................... 
page 7 
 
The 
page 
numbers 
below refer to the pages 
of the PDF file of the 
Earnings Release 1Q22 
exhibited to the Form 6-
k dated 27th April 2022 
Cover page .................................................................................................... 
page 8 
Key metrics ................................................................................................... 
page 9 
Credit Suisse ................................................................................................. 
pages 10 – 17 
Wealth Management ...................................................................................... 
pages 18 – 21  
Investment Bank............................................................................................ 
pages 22 – 24  
Swiss Bank .................................................................................................... 
pages 25 – 28  
Asset Management ........................................................................................ 
pages 29 – 31  
Corporate Center ........................................................................................... 
pages 32 – 34 
Assets under management ............................................................................. 
pages 35 – 36

--- Page 72 ---
72 
Additional financial metrics .......................................................................... 
page 37 
Important information ................................................................................... 
page 38 
Appendix ....................................................................................................... 
pages 39 – 47  
 
(4) 
The Second Form 6-K of CSG and CS filed with the SEC on 27th April 2022 (the “Second Form 6-K dated 
27th April 2022”) (available at https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/about-us/docs/investor-
relations/financial-regulatory-disclosures/regulatory-disclosures/company-registration-documents/second-
form-6-k-dated-27-april-2022.pdf). 
All of the information in the Second Form 6-K dated 27th April 2022 identified in the following cross-
reference list is incorporated by reference in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus (any information not 
listed on the cross-reference list but included in the Second Form 6-K dated 27th April 2022 is not 
incorporated by reference and is either not relevant for the investor or covered in another part of this Base 
Prospectus): 
 
The 
page 
numbers 
below refer to the pages 
of the PDF file of the 
Second Form 6-K dated 
27th April 2022 
Whole document except for the first two paragraphs on page 3 (page 4 of 
the PDF), the sentence “Further information about Credit Suisse can be 
found at www.credit-suisse.com.” and the biographical information of the 
new Executive Board members. 
pages 1 – 6 
 
(5) 
The Form 6-K of CSG and CS filed with the SEC on 29th April 2022, (the “Form 6-K dated 29th April 
2022”) (available at https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/about-us/docs/investor-relations/financial-
regulatory-disclosures/regulatory-disclosures/company-registration-documents/form-6-k-dated-29-april-
2022.pdf). 
All of the information in the Form 6-K dated 29th April 2022 identified in the following cross-reference lists 
are incorporated by reference in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus (any information not listed on the 
cross-reference list but included in the Form 6-K dated 29th April 2022 is not incorporated by reference and 
is either not relevant for the investor or covered in another part of this Base Prospectus): 
 
The 
page 
numbers 
below refer to the pages 
of the PDF file of the 
Form 6-K dated 29th 
April 2022 
Shareholders approve all proposals put forward at the Annual General 
Meeting of Credit Suisse Group AG and elect Axel P. Lehmann as 
Chairman of the Board, Mirko Bianchi, Keyu Jin and Amanda Norton as 
non-executive members of the Board, and confirmed all the other current 
members of the board who stood for re-election ........................................... 
page 3 
Election of the members of the Board of Directors and the Compensation 
Committee and Discharge of the Board and Executive Board ...................... 
page 4 
Rejection of additional shareholders proposals ............................................. 
page 4

--- Page 73 ---
73 
Further voting results elections ..................................................................... 
page 4 
Further information ....................................................................................... 
pages 5 – 6 
Signatures ...................................................................................................... 
page 7 
 
(6) 
The Form 6-K of CSG and CS filed with the SEC on 5th May 2022, including the Credit Suisse Financial 
Report 1Q22 (the “Financial Report 1Q22”) exhibited thereto (the “Form 6-K dated 5th May 2022”) 
(available 
at 
https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/corporate/docs/about-us/investor-
relations/financial-disclosures/sec-filings/2022-q1-6k-group-bank-0505.pdf). 
All of the information in the Form 6-K dated 5th May 2022 and the Financial Report 1Q22 exhibited thereto 
identified in the following cross-reference lists are incorporated by reference in, and forms part of, this Base 
Prospectus (any information not listed on the cross-reference list but included in either the Form 6-K dated 
5th May 2022 or the Financial Report 1Q22 is not incorporated by reference and is either not relevant for the 
investor or covered in another part of this Base Prospectus): 
 
The 
page 
numbers 
below refer to the pages 
of the PDF file of the 
Form 6-K dated 5th May 
2022 
Cover page .................................................................................................... 
page 1 
Explanatory note ........................................................................................... 
page 2 
Forward-looking statements .......................................................................... 
page 2 
Exhibits ......................................................................................................... 
page 3 
 
The 
page 
numbers 
below refer to the pages 
of the PDF file of the 
Financial Report 1Q22 
exhibited to the Form 6-
K dated 5th May 2022 
Cover page .................................................................................................... 
page 7 
Key metrics ................................................................................................... 
page 8 
Table of Contents .......................................................................................... 
page 9 
Credit Suisse at a glance................................................................................ 
page 10 
I. 
Credit Suisse results ...................................................................................... 
(this is a section 
heading) 
Operating environment .................................................................................. 
pages 12 – 13  
Credit Suisse ................................................................................................. 
pages 14 – 23 
Wealth Management ...................................................................................... 
pages 24 – 27 
Investment Bank............................................................................................ 
pages 28 – 31  
Swiss Bank .................................................................................................... 
pages 32 – 35  
Asset Management ........................................................................................ 
pages 36 – 38  
Corporate Center ........................................................................................... 
pages 39 – 41

--- Page 74 ---
74 
Assets under management ............................................................................. 
pages 42 – 44 
II. 
Treasury, risk, balance sheet and off-balance sheet ....................................... 
(this is a section 
heading) 
Liquidity and funding management .............................................................. 
pages 46 – 50 
Capital management ...................................................................................... 
pages 51 – 59 
Risk management .......................................................................................... 
pages 60 – 67 
Balance sheet and off-balance sheet .............................................................. 
pages 68 – 69 
III. 
Condensed consolidated financial statements – unaudited ............................ 
(this is a section 
heading) 
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements– unaudited 
(table of contents) .......................................................................................... 
page 72 
Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm .................... 
page 73 
Condensed consolidated financial statements – unaudited  ........................... 
pages 75 – 147  
Consolidated statements of operations (unaudited) ....................................... 
page 75 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income (unaudited) ................... 
page 75 
Consolidated balance sheets (unaudited)....................................................... 
pages 76 – 77 
Consolidated statements of changes in equity (unaudited) ........................... 
pages 78 – 79 
Consolidated statements of cash flows (unaudited) ...................................... 
pages 80 – 81 
Supplemental cash flow information (unaudited) ......................................... 
page 81 
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements – unaudited ........ 
pages 82 – 147  
List of abbreviations ...................................................................................... 
page 148 
Cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information ...................... 
page 151 
 
(7) 
The Form 6-K of CSG and CS filed with the SEC on 8th June 2022, which contains a media release titled 
“Credit Suisse provides trading update” attached as an exhibit thereto (the “Form 6-K dated 8th June 2022”) 
(available 
at 
https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/about-us/docs/investor-relations/financial-
regulatory-disclosures/regulatory-disclosures/company-registration-documents/form-6-k-dated-8-june-
2022.pdf). 
All of the information in the Form 6-K dated 8th June 2022, identified in the following cross-reference list is 
incorporated by reference in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus (any information not listed on the cross-
reference list but included in the Form 6-K dated 8th June 2022 is not incorporated by reference and is either 
not relevant for the investor or covered in another part of this Base Prospectus): 
 
The 
page 
numbers 
below refer to the pages 
of the PDF file of the 
Form 6-K dated 8th 
June 2022 
Whole document except the sentence “Further information about Credit 
Suisse can be found at www.credit-suisse.com. 
pages 1 – 6 
(8) 
The Form 6-K of CSG and CS filed with the SEC on 27th July 2022 (the “Form 6-K dated 27th July 2022”), 
which contains the Credit Suisse Earnings Release 2Q22 (“Earnings Release 2Q22”) attached as an exhibit

--- Page 75 ---
75 
thereto (which contains the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets of CS as of 30th June 2022, 
and the related unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income and 
changes in equity for the three-month periods ended 30th June 2022 and 30th June 2022) (available 
athttps://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/corporate/docs/about-us/investor-relations/financial- 
disclosures/sec-filings/2022-q2-6k-group-bank-2707.pdf). 
All of the information in the Form 6-K dated 27th July 2022 and the Earnings Release 2Q22 exhibited thereto 
identified in the following cross-reference lists is incorporated by reference in, and forms part of, this Base 
Prospectus (any information not listed on the cross-reference list but included in either the Form 6-K dated 
27th July 2022 or the Earnings Release 2Q22 is not incorporated by reference and is either not relevant for 
the investor or covered in another part of this Base Prospectus): 
 
The 
page 
numbers 
below refer to the pages 
of the PDF file of the 
Form 6-K dated 27th 
July 2022 
Cover page .................................................................................................... 
page 1 
Explanatory note ........................................................................................... 
page 2 
Forward-looking statements .......................................................................... 
page 2 
Group and Bank differences  ......................................................................... 
pages 3 – 4 
Selected financial data – Bank ...................................................................... 
pages 4 – 5  
Exhibits  ........................................................................................................ 
page 6 
 
The page numbers 
below refer to the pages 
of the PDF file of the 
Credit Suisse Earnings 
Release 2Q22 exhibited 
to the Form 6-K dated 
27th July 2022 
Cover page .................................................................................................... 
page 8 
Key metrics ................................................................................................... 
page 9 
Credit Suisse ................................................................................................. 
pages 10 – 19 
Wealth Management ...................................................................................... 
pages 20 – 23  
Investment Bank............................................................................................ 
pages 24 – 26 
Swiss Bank .................................................................................................... 
pages 27 – 30 
Asset Management ........................................................................................ 
pages 31 – 33  
Corporate Center ........................................................................................... 
pages 34 – 36  
Assets under management ............................................................................. 
pages 37 – 38 
Additional financial metrics .......................................................................... 
page 39  
Important information ................................................................................... 
page 40 
Appendix ....................................................................................................... 
page 41 – 51

--- Page 76 ---
76 
(9) 
The Form 6-K of CSG and CS filed with the SEC on 27th July 2022 (the “Second Form 6-K dated 27th 
July 2022”), which contains a media release titled “Credit Suisse appoints Ulrich Körner new Group Chief 
Executive Officer; announces comprehensive strategic review” attached as an exhibit thereto (available at 
https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/about-us/docs/investor-relations/financial-regulatory-
disclosures/regulatory-disclosures/company-registration-documents/second-form-6-k-dated-27-july-
2022.pdf). 
All of the information in the Second Form 6-K dated 27th July 2022 identified in the following cross-
reference list is incorporated by reference in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus (any information not 
listed on the cross-reference list but included in the Second Form 6-K dated 27th July 2022 is not incorporated 
by reference and is either not relevant for the investor or covered in another part of this Base Prospectus): 
 
The 
page 
numbers 
below refer to the pages 
of the PDF file of the 
Second Form 6-K dated 
27th July 2022 
Whole document except the fourth, fifth sixth and seventh paragraphs of 
the media release and the sentence “Further information about Credit 
Suisse can be found at www.credit-suisse.com.” 
pages 1 – 8 
(10) 
The Form 6-K of CSG and CS filed with the SEC on 29th July 2022 (the “Form 6-K dated 29th July 2022”), 
which contains the Credit Suisse Financial Report 2Q22 (“Financial Report 2Q22”) and the Credit Suisse 
(Bank) Financial Statements 6M22, within which there is unaudited information for CS for the six months 
ended 
30th 
June 
2022, 
attached 
as 
an 
exhibit 
thereto 
(available 
at 
https://www.credit-
suisse.com/media/assets/corporate/docs/about-us/investor-relations/financial-disclosures/sec-filings/2022-
q2-6k-group-bank-2907.pdf). 
All of the information in the Form 6-K dated 29th July 2022, including the Financial Report 2Q22 and Credit 
Suisse (Bank) Financial Statements 6M22 exhibited thereto identified in the following cross-reference list 
are incorporated by reference in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus (any information not listed in the 
cross-reference list but included in the Form 6-K dated 29th July 2022, the Financial Report 2Q22 or Credit 
Suisse (Bank) Financial Statements 6M22 is not incorporated by reference and is either not relevant for the 
investor or covered in another part of this Base Prospectus): 
 
The 
page 
numbers 
below refer to the pages 
of the PDF file of the 
Form 6-K dated 29th 
July 2022 
Cover page .................................................................................................... 
page 1 
Explanatory note ........................................................................................... 
page 2 
Forward-looking statements .......................................................................... 
page 2 
Operating and financial review and prospects ............................................... 
pages 3 – 6 
Group and Bank differences .......................................................................... 
pages 7 – 8  
Condensed consolidated financial statements ............................................... 
page 8 
Exhibits ......................................................................................................... 
page 9

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
The page numbers 
below refer to the pages 
of the PDF file of the 
Credit Suisse Financial 
Report 2Q22 exhibited 
to the Form 6-K dated 
29th July 2022 
I.    Credit Suisse results ...................................................................................... 
(this is a section 
heading) 
Credit Suisse results (table of contents) ........................................................ 
 
Operating environment .................................................................................. 
pages 18 – 19  
Credit Suisse ................................................................................................. 
pages 20 – 30 
Wealth Management ...................................................................................... 
pages 31 – 34 
Investment Bank............................................................................................ 
pages 35 –38  
Swiss Bank .................................................................................................... 
pages 39 – 42  
Asset Management ........................................................................................ 
pages 43 – 45  
Corporate Center ........................................................................................... 
pages 46 – 48 
Assets under management ............................................................................. 
pages 49 – 52 
II.  Treasury, risk, balance sheet and off-balance sheet ....................................... 
(this is a section 
heading) 
Treasury, risk, balance sheet and off-balance sheet (table of contents) ......... 
page 53 
Liquidity and funding management .............................................................. 
pages 54 – 58  
Capital management ...................................................................................... 
page 59 – 67 
Risk management  ......................................................................................... 
pages 68 – 76 
Balance sheet and off-balance sheet .............................................................. 
pages 77 and 78 
III.  Condensed consolidated financial statements - unaudited ........................... 
(this is a section 
heading) 
Condensed consolidated financial statements – unaudited (table of 
contents) ........................................................................................................ 
page 79 
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements – unaudited 
(table of contents) ......................................................................................... 
page 80 
Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm ................... 
page 81 
Condensed consolidated financial statements - unaudited ............................ 
pages 83 – 90  
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements - unaudited ......... 
pages 91 – 157  
List of abbreviations ...................................................................................... 
page 158 
Cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information ...................... 
page 161 
 
The page numbers 
below refer to the pages 
of the PDF file of the 
Credit Suisse (Bank) 
Financial Statements 
6M 22 exhibited to the

--- Page 78 ---
78 
Form 6-K dated 29th 
July 2022 
Cover page .................................................................................................... 
page 163 
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements – unaudited 
(table of contents) .......................................................................................... 
page 164 
Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm .................... 
page 165 
Credit Suisse (Bank) Condensed consolidated financial statements – 
unaudited, including ...................................................................................... 
pages 167 – 172  
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income (unaudited) ................... 
page 167 
Consolidated balance sheets (unaudited)....................................................... 
page 168 – 169 
Consolidated statements of cash flows (unaudited) ...................................... 
page 171 – 172  
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements – unaudited  ....... 
page 173 – 220 
(11) 
All of the information included in the articles of association of CS (in an English translation of the original 
German language version) are incorporated by reference herein and are available at https://www.credit-
suisse.com/media/assets/about-us/docs/our-company/our-governance/cs-articles-of-association-en.pdf. 
(12) 
(a) The Terms and Conditions of the Securities on pages 54 to 103 of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
17th December 2009 (available at https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/legal/hk/p-notes-base-
prospectus/Base-Prospectus-CS-P-Note-Programme-17-December-2009.pdf); (b) the Terms and Conditions 
of the Securities on pages 61 to 114 of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 16th December 2010 (available 
at 
https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/legal/hk/p-notes-base-prospectus/Base-Prospectus-CS-P-
Note-Programme-16-December-2010.pdf); (c) the Terms and Conditions of the Securities on pages 62 to 116 
of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 25th July 2011 (available at https://www.credit-
suisse.com/media/assets/legal/hk/p-notes-base-prospectus/Base-Prospectus-CS-P-Note-Programme-25-
July-2011.pdf); (d) the Terms and Conditions of the Securities on pages 71 to 132 of the base prospectus of 
the Issuer dated 27th June 2012 (the “2012 Base Prospectus”) (available at https://www.credit-
suisse.com/media/assets/legal/hk/p-notes-base-prospectus/Base-Prospectus-CS-P-Note-Programme-27-
June-2012.pdf); (e) the Terms and Conditions of the Securities on pages 89 to 147 of the base prospectus of 
the Issuer dated 12th August 2013 (the “2013 Base Prospectus”) (available at https://www.credit-
suisse.com/media/assets/legal/hk/p-notes-base-prospectus/Base-Prospectus-CS-P-Note-Programme-12-
August-2013.pdf); (f) the Terms and Conditions of the Securities on pages 94 to 147 of the base prospectus 
of the Issuer dated 14th August 2014 (the “2014 Terms and Conditions” and the “2014 Base Prospectus”, 
respectively) 
(available 
at 
https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/legal/hk/p-notes-base-
prospectus/Base-Prospectus-CS-P-Note-Programme-14-August-2014.pdf); (g) the Terms and Conditions of 
the Securities on pages 96 to 156 of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 14th August 2015 (available at 
https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/legal/hk/p-notes-base-prospectus/Base-Prospectus-CS-P-Note-
Programme-14-August-2015.pdf); (h) the Terms and Conditions of the Securities on pages 97 to 160 of the 
base prospectus of the Issuer dated 12th August 2016 (the “2016 Terms and Conditions” and the “2016 
Base Prospectus”, respectively) (available at https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/legal/hk/p-notes-
base-prospectus/Base-Prospectus-CS-P-Note-Programme-12-August-2016.pdf); 
(i) 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions of the Securities on pages 101 to 174 of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 14th August 2017 
(the “2017 Terms and Conditions” and the “2017 Base Prospectus”, respectively) (available at 
https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/legal/hk/p-notes-base-prospectus/Base-Prospectus-CS-P-Note-
Programme-14-August-2017.pdf); (j) the Terms and Conditions of the Securities on pages 105 to 180 of the 
base 
prospectus 
of 
the 
Issuer 
dated 
10th 
July 
2018 
(available 
at 
https://www.credit-
suisse.com/media/assets/legal/hk/p-notes-base-prospectus/Base-Prospectus-CS-P-Note-Programme-10-
July-2018.pdf); (k) the Terms and Conditions of the Securities on pages 109 to 199 of the base prospectus of 
the Issuer dated 9th July 2019 (available at https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/legal/hk/p-notes-

--- Page 79 ---
79 
base-prospectus/Base-Prospectus-CS-P-Note-Programme-9-July-2019.pdf); (l) the Terms and Conditions of 
the Securities on pages 76 to 163 of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 21st July 2020 (available at 
https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/legal/hk/p-notes-base-prospectus/Base-Prospectus-CS-P-Note-
Programme-21-July-2020.pdf); and (m) the General Terms and Conditions of the Securities on pages 70 to 
158 of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 16th August 2021 (available at https://www.credit-
suisse.com/media/assets/legal/hk/p-notes-base-prospectus/base-prospectus-cs-p-note-programme-16-aug-
2021.pdf). 
(13) 
(a) The amendments to the 2014 Terms and Conditions as set out under the headings “General Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities”, “Schedule 1: Provisions Relating to Equity Linked Securities” and “Schedule 
2: Provisions Relating to Index Linked Securities” on pages 5 to 14 of the supplement dated 16th October 
2014 to the 2014 Base Prospectus (available at https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/legal/hk/p-notes-
base-prospectus/Supplement-No1-to-the-Base-Prospectus-16-October-2014.pdf); (b) the amendments to the 
2014 Terms and Conditions as set out under the heading “Amendments to Condition 7” on pages 2 to 3 of 
the supplement dated 27th January 2015 to the 2014 Base Prospectus (available at https://www.credit-
suisse.com/media/assets/legal/hk/p-notes-base-prospectus/Supplement-No4-to-the-Base-Prospectus-27-
January-2015.pdf); (c) the amendments to the 2016 Terms and Conditions as set out under the heading 
“General Terms and Conditions of the Securities” on pages 4 to 5 of the supplement dated 14th November 
2016 to the 2016 Base Prospectus (available at https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/legal/hk/p-notes-
base-prospectus/Supplement-No2-to-the-Base-Prospectus-14-November-2016.pdf); (d) the amendments to 
the 2016 Terms and Conditions as set out under the headings “General Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities”, “Schedule 1: Provisions Relating to Equity Linked Securities” and “Schedule 2: Provisions 
Relating to Index Linked Securities” on pages 3 to 5 of the supplement dated 18th November 2016 to the 
2016 Base Prospectus (available at https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/legal/hk/p-notes-base-
prospectus/Supplement-No3-to-the-Base-Prospectus-18-November-2016.pdf); (e) the amendments to the 
2016 Terms and Conditions as set out under the heading “General Terms and Conditions of the Securities” 
on pages 8 to 18 of the supplement dated 12th April 2017 to the 2016 Base Prospectus (available at 
https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/legal/hk/p-notes-base-prospectus/Supplement-No8-to-the-
Base-Prospectus-12-April-2017.pdf); (f) the amendments to the 2016 Terms and Conditions as set out under 
the heading “General Terms and Conditions of the Securities” on pages 6 to 7 of the supplement dated 
16th May 
2017 
to 
the 
2016 
Base 
Prospectus 
(available 
at 
https://www.credit-
suisse.com/media/assets/legal/hk/p-notes-base-prospectus/Supplement-No9-to-the-Base-Prospectus-16-
May-2017.pdf); and (g) the amendments to the 2017 Terms and Conditions as set out under the heading 
“General Terms and Conditions of the Securities” on pages 5 to 6 of the supplement dated 10th November 
2017 to the 2017 Base Prospectus (available at https://www.credit-suisse.com/media/assets/legal/hk/p-notes-
base-prospectus/Supplement-No1-to-the-Base-Prospectus-10-November-2017.pdf). 
Any information and supplements, other than the Terms and Conditions of the Securities sections in these base 
prospectuses and any parts of any supplements supplementing the Terms and Conditions of the Securities sections 
in such base prospectuses specified above, are not incorporated by reference; such information and such supplements 
are either not relevant to the investor or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by the 
CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or 
contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a 
document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall 
not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Securities, prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
issue of Securities.

--- Page 80 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
80 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
Set out below is the form of Final Terms that are applicable to Securities which are to be admitted to trading only 
on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) have access. 
1[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors – The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 
2014/65/EU) (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as 
defined below). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. The expression 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.] 
2[Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors – The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (the UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (a) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined 
in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (b) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, 
as defined in the EUWA; or (c) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
3[MIFID II product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the 
conclusion that: (a) the target market for the Securities is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each 
as defined in [the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) (as amended, “MiFID 
II”)][MiFID II]; and (b) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. 4  Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Securities (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
1 
Include where Part Aparagraph 38(Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors) of the Final Terms specifies “Applicable”. 
2 
Include where Part A paragraph 39 (Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors) of the Final Terms specifies “Applicable”. 
3 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach. 
4 
ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording 
along the following lines could be included: “The target market assessment indicates that Securities are incompatible with the needs, characteristic 
and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested].”

--- Page 81 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
81 
5 [UK MIFIR product governance/target market: Professional investors and ECPs only – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities has led to the conclusion that: (a) the target market for the Securities is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (b) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]4. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Securities (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
6 [Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of The Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore (as amended or modified from time to time) – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (as amended or modified from time to time, the “SFA”) and 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 
2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Securities, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Securities are capital markets products other 
than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment 
Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale 
of Investment Products and in the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Unless otherwise exempted under the CMP Regulations 2018, prior to the offer of any Securities, the Issuer will 
provide written notice in accordance with Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA to the Dealers if (a) there is a change in the 
classification of the Securities as capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products and 
Specified Investment Products or (b) there are any other dealers who are not Dealer(s) at launch of the offering.] 
7[Without prejudice to any other Singapore tax exemption which may be applicable to payments made by licensed 
banks in Singapore (such as the Issuer), where Securities are “qualifying debt securities” for the purposes of the 
Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore (the “ITA”): 
Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost is derived from any Securities 
by any person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any operations in Singapore through a permanent 
establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption available for qualifying debt securities (subject to certain conditions) 
under the ITA shall not apply if such person acquires such Securities using the funds and profits of such person’s 
operations through a permanent establishment in Singapore. Any person whose interest, discount income, 
prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost derived from the Securities is not exempt from tax (including 
for the reasons described above) shall include such income in a return of income made under the ITA.] 
 
5 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals”target market approach. 
6 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Securities sold into Singapore do not constitute prescribed capital markets products as 
defined under the CMP Regulations 2018. 
7 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Securities are sold by the Issuer acting through its Singapore branch and are intended to be 
“qualifying debt securities” (as defined in the Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore).

--- Page 82 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
82 
[Date] 
CREDIT SUISSE AG 
(acting through its [Nassau]/[Singapore] Branch) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): ANGGYXNX0JLX3X63JN86 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount or Aggregate Issue Size of Tranche] [Title of Securities] due in [Maturity 
Year] linked to shares of [Reference Underlying] 
under the Programme for the issue of 
Underlying-linked Securities 
[(to be consolidated and form a single series with the issue by Credit Suisse AG, acting through 
its [Nassau]/[Singapore] branch, of [Aggregate Nominal Amount or Aggregate Issue Size of Previous Tranche] 
[Title of Securities])]8 
The Securities will only be admitted to trading on [insert name of relevant QI market/segment], which is [an EEA 
regulated market/a specific segment of an EEA regulated market] (as defined in MiFID II), to which only qualified 
investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and shall not be offered or sold to non-qualified 
investors. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated 16th August 2022 [, as supplemented by [the Supplement[s] thereto dated [date(s)] and] 
any [further] supplements up to, and including, the [Issue Date][date on which the listing of the Securities is 
effective]]9 (the “Base Prospectus”) which together constitute a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all 
relevant information. These Final Terms and the Base Prospectus are published on the website of [the Issuer at 
https://derivative.credit-suisse.com][the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu][Euronext Dublin at 
www.ise.ie].]  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus[es] dated [17th December 2009][16th December 2010][25th July 
2011][27th June 2012][12th August 2013][14th August 2014, as supplemented by the Supplements thereto dated 
16th October 2014 and 27th January 2015][14th August 2015][12th August 2016, as supplemented by the 
Supplements thereto dated 14th November 2016, 18th November 2016, 12th April 2017 and 16th May 2017][14th 
August 2017, as supplemented by the Supplement thereto dated 10th November 2017][10th July 2018][9th July 
2019][21st July 2020][16th August 2021] (the “Original Base Prospectus[es]”). This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 16th August 2022, as supplemented by [the Supplement[s] thereto dated 
[date(s)] and] any [further] supplements up to, and including, the [Issue Date][date on which the listing of the 
Securities is effective] (the “Base Prospectus”) which together constitute a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus[es]. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms, the Original Base Prospectus[es] and the Base Prospectus. These Final Terms, the Original Base 
Prospectus[es] and the Base Prospectus are published on the website of [the Issuer at https://derivative.credit-
 
8 
Include this for further issues. 
9 
Please ensure that all known Supplements as at the date of the Final Terms are listed out in full.

--- Page 83 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
83 
suisse.com][the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
at 
www.bourse.lu][Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin].] 
[These Final Terms do not constitute final terms for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”) or the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of “retained EU law” as defined in the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). The Issuer is not offering the Securities 
in any jurisdiction in circumstances which would require a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. Nor is 
any person authorised to make such an offer of the Securities on behalf of the Issuer nor any Dealer in any 
jurisdiction. In addition, no application has been made (nor is it supposed that any application will be made) for 
listing the Securities on a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
(Directive 2014/65/EU, as may be amended or replaced from time to time) or Article 2(1)(13A) of Regulation (EU) 
600/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law” as defined in the EUWA.]10 
[The form of Final Terms should not reflect additional information beyond the information contained in the body of 
the Base Prospectus. Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
sub-paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When adding any other final terms or information, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or 
information constitutes “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
[The Securities issued under these Final Terms are to be consolidated and form a single series with the [insert 
original issue currency and amount] securities due [insert original issue maturity date] issued on [date] with 
[security identification codes e.g. ISIN].]11 
1 
 
(i) Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
2 
 
(i) 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
(If the Securities are issued by Credit Suisse AG, Singapore 
Branch, and the Specified Currency is SGD, the Securities 
should either have (a) a maturity period of at least 12 months 
or (b) a denomination of at least SGD 200,000; otherwise, 
check with CS Legal/COO) 
 
(ii) Relevant Currency: 
[●] 
3 
 
Trading Method: 
[Securities][Nominal Amount] 
4 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[Not Applicable]12 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
– 
Tranche: 
[●] 
 
– 
Series: 
[●] 
5 
 
Aggregate Issue Size: 
[Not Applicable]13 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
10 Insert for an issue of Securities that is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered to the public in the EEA (the “Exempt 
Securities”).   
11 Insert for further issuance of Securities. 
12 Insert this if Trading Method is specified as “Securities”. 
13 Insert this if Trading Method is specified as “Nominal Amount”.

--- Page 84 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
84 
 
– 
Tranche: 
[●] [Security(ies)] 
 
– 
Series: 
[●] [Security(ies)] 
6 
 
(i) Issue Price: 
[●] [per Security][Not Applicable] 
 
 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
 
(ii) New Issue Price: 
[●] [per Security] [Not Applicable] 
7 
 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] 
 
 
[Not Applicable. The Securities are transferable in a 
minimum number of [●] Security(ies) (equivalent to a 
nominal amount of [●]).]14 
8 
 
Minimum tradeable size: 
[●] 
 
 
[Not Applicable. The Securities are transferrable in a nominal 
amount of [●].]15 
9 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Trade Date: 
[●] 
10 
 
Maturity Date:  
[●] [subject to Condition 5(m) (Exercise Rights of the 
Securities)] 
11 
 
Distribution/Interest/Premium Basis: 
[Distribution] 
[Interest – Fixed Rate] 
[Interest – Floating Rate] 
[Premium] 
[Not Applicable] 
12 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Not Applicable] 
13 
 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO DISTRIBUTION, INTEREST AND PREMIUM 
14 
 
Distribution Payment Amounts 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Distribution Payment Dates: 
[●] [As specified in Condition 3(a) (Distribution on 
Participation Securities).] 
15 
 
Fixed Rate Securities Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
 
 
(Specify if different from the Issue Date) 
 
14 Insert this if Trading Method is specified as “Securities”. 
15 Insert this if Trading Method is specified as “Nominal Amount”.

--- Page 85 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
85 
 
(iii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year/[●]] 
 
(iv) Interest Amount(s): 
[●] per [Specified Denomination/[●] in nominal amount/[●] 
Security(ies)] 
 
(v) Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] in respect of the initial Interest Period] 
[[●] in respect of the final Interest Period] 
 
(vi) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual 
– 
ISDA]/[Actual/365 
(fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
(vii) Determination Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring the Maturity Date in the case of a long or short last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual – ICMA)] 
16 
 
Floating Rate Securities Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates 
[●][in each year [from (and including) the First Interest 
Payment Date up to (and including) the Maturity Date]16[, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (iii) below/, not subject to adjustment, 
as the Business Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable]  
 
(ii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (iii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]  
 
 
(Specify if different from the Issue Date) 
 
(iii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(v) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
 
[●] [●] month [EURIBOR/Compounded Daily 
SONIA/Compounded Daily SOFR/Compounded Daily 
SORA/SARON Compounded/SIBOR/BBSW/CDOR/CNH 
HIBOR/HIBOR/BKBM/STIBOR/NIBOR] 
 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s) 
 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(First day of each Interest Period if BBSW, CDOR, BKBM or 
HIBOR, the second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, 
the second Singapore business day prior to the start of each 
 
16 For Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Securities.

--- Page 86 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
86 
Interest Period if SIBOR, the second Hong Kong business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period if CNH HIBOR, 
the second Stockholm business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if STIBOR, the second Oslo business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if NIBOR, the day 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the last day of the 
relevant Interest Period (but which last day is by definition 
excluded from such Interest Period), if Compounded Daily 
SONIA, the day falling p U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the last day of the relevant Interest 
Period (but which last day is by definition excluded from 
such Interest Period), if Compounded Daily SOFR, the day 
falling p Singapore Business Days prior to the last day of the 
relevant Interest Period (but which last day is by definition 
excluded from such Interest Period), if Compounded Daily 
SORA, and the day falling five Zurich Banking Days prior to 
the last day of the relevant Interest Period (but which last 
day is by definition excluded from such Interest Period), if 
SARON Compounded). 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure 
it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
– 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift]17 
 
– 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[[●] [London Banking/U.S. Government Securities 
Business/Singapore Business] Day[s]/][Not Applicable]18 
 
– 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]19 
 
– 
Specified Time: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Delete for all Reference Rates other than Compounded 
Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded 
Daily SORA where Index Determination is specified as being 
applicable or SARON Compounded) 
 
– 
Replacement 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. If the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SOFR or 
SARON Compounded, “Not Applicable” should be specified) 
 
(vi) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected 
below, note that “Administrator/Benchmark Event”, 
“Generic Fallbacks” and “Calculation Agent Alternative 
Rate Determination” are not workable in a notes context. 
 
17 Only relevant for Floating Rate Securities which specify the Reference Rate as being Compounded Daily SONIA and Index Determination is not 
applicable. 
18 Only relevant for Floating Rate Securities which specify the Reference Rate as being Compounded Daily SONIA Compounded Daily SOFR or 
Compounded Daily SORA. 
19 Only relevant for Floating Rate Securities which specify the Reference Rate as being Compounded Daily SONIA Compounded Daily SOFR or 
Compounded Daily SORA.

--- Page 87 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
87 
Amendments will therefore need to be made to the Terms and 
Conditions which will require a Prospectus Regulation 
drawdown prospectus for the issue) 
 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this is a 
Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)) 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day of the 
Interest Period) 
 
– 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
– 
Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in 
the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days]/[As specified in the Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As specified 
in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
– 
Averaging: 
[[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
– 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in 
the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days]/[As specified in the Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable]]

--- Page 88 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
88 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As specified 
in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
– 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
– 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days]/[As specified in the Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
(Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift is 
considered the appropriate Index Method for use in a bonds 
context. Compounded Indices include the Bank of England’s 
SONIA Compounded Index which is compatible with bonds 
(and other cash products) using an observation period shift 
approach to calculating compounded SONIA) 
 
(vii) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(viii) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ix) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual 
– 
ISDA]/[Actual/365 
(fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
17 
 
Premium Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Premium: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual 
– 
ISDA]/[Actual/365 
(fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
(iii) Determination Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[[●] in each year (insert regular premium payment dates, 
ignoring the maturity date in the case of a long or short last 
premium. N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual – ICMA)] 
 
(iv) Premium Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date][●]

--- Page 89 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
89 
 
 
(Specify if different from the Issue Date) 
 
(v) Premium Amount(s): 
[●] per [Specified Denomination/[●] in nominal amount/[●] 
Security(ies)] 
 
(vi) Premium Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year] 
 
 
[Each Interest Payment Date] 
 
 
[●] 
 
(vii) Applicable Cut-off Date: 
[For the purposes of limb (ii) of the definition of “Applicable 
Cut-off Date”, [●] Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Conditions]/[Not Applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18 
 
(i) 
Final Redemption 
Amount/Method of calculation: 
[●] (use if Final Redemption Amount specified pursuant to 
final sub-paragraph of definition of “Final Redemption 
Amount”; otherwise select one of the following options) 
[Participation Securities] 
[Outperformance Securities] 
 
(ii) Outperformance 
Factor 
(for 
Outperformance Securities only): 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Delivery of Further Securities in 
lieu of Final Redemption Amount 
at the option of the Issuer: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
 
(iv) Exercise Rights: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
19 
 
Determination City: 
[●] 
20 
 
Valuation Date: 
[●], subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
21 
 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
22 
 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Investor Put Cut-off Time: 
[●] 
23 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption 
Amount/Method of calculation: 
[●] (use if Early Redemption Amount specified pursuant to 
final sub-paragraph of definition of “Early Redemption 
Amount”; otherwise select one of the following options) 
[Participation Securities] 
[Outperformance Securities] 
 
– Break Fee Percentage: 
[●]% (use for Outperformance Securities only)

--- Page 90 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
90 
 
(ii) Delivery of Further Securities in 
lieu 
of 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
 
24 
 
Early Redemption Date: 
[As specified in the Conditions] [(i) in relation to a 
redemption at the option of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 
5(c) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 5(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), 
Condition 
5(g) 
(Hedging 
Disruption 
Event 
and 
Jurisdictional Event), Condition 5(h) (Illegality Event) or 
the Applicable Schedule, the date falling [●] Business Days 
after the Notice Date; and (ii) in relation to a redemption at 
the option of the Securityholder pursuant to Condition 5(e) 
(Redemption at the option of the Securityholders (Investor 
Put)), the date falling [●] Business Days after the Notice 
Date] 
25 
 
Type of Reference Underlying: 
[Single Reference Underlying][Basket of Reference 
Underlyings][Index][Index 
Basket][Multi-Exchange 
Index] 
26 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO 
EQUITY LINKED SECURITIES 
(for Securities linked to Single 
Reference Underlying) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Securities are Equity Linked Securities linked to 
Single Reference Underlying, these provisions relating to 
Equity Linked Securities (for Securities linked to Single 
Reference Underlying) should be completed.) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
(i) 
Number of Reference Underlyings: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Information relating to the Reference 
Underlyings: 
 
 
– 
Reference Entity: 
[●] 
 
– 
Security Code of the Reference 
Underlyings: 
[ISIN: [●]] 
[Bloomberg: [●]] 
 
– 
Exchange: 
[●] [(China Connect [– ChiNext Shares])] 
 
– 
Related Exchange: 
[●]/[All Exchanges] 
(iii) 
Reference Underlying Jurisdiction: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Reference Price: 
[Reference Price – Execution Price] 
[Reference Price – VWAP] 
[Reference Price – Closing Price] 
(v) 
Valuation Period: 
[As specified in the Conditions] [●] 
(vi) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
 
 
– 
Change of Law: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
– 
GDR Termination Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Exercise Period: 
[●] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 91 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
91 
27 
PROVISIONS 
RELATING 
TO 
EQUITY LINKED SECURITIES 
(for Securities linked to a Basket) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Securities are Equity Linked Securities linked to a 
Basket of Reference Underlyings then these provisions 
relating to Equity Linked Securities (for Securities linked to 
a Basket) should be completed.) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
 
[Basket 
Component 1] 
[Basket 
Component 2] 
[Basket 
Component 3] 
(i) 
Number of Basket Component 
Reference Underlyings: 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
(ii) 
Information relating to the Basket 
Component Reference Underlyings: 
 
 
 
 
– 
Reference Entity: 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
– 
Security Code of the Basket 
Components: 
[ISIN: [●]] 
[Bloomberg: 
[●]] 
[ISIN: [●]] 
[Bloomberg: 
[●]] 
[ISIN: [●]] 
[Bloomberg: [●]] 
 
– 
Exchange: 
[●] [(China 
Connect [– 
ChiNext 
Shares])] 
[●] [(China 
Connect [– 
ChiNext 
Shares])] 
[●] [(China 
Connect [– 
ChiNext Shares])] 
 
– 
Related Exchange: 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
– 
Weighting: 
[●]% 
[●]% 
[●]% 
 
 
[Alternatively, specify “All Exchanges”.] 
(iii) 
Reference Underlying Jurisdiction: 
[Basket 
Component 1] 
[Basket 
Component 2] 
[Basket 
Component 3] 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
(iv) 
Reference Price: 
[Reference Price – Execution Price] 
[Reference Price – VWAP] 
[Reference Price – Closing Price] 
(v) 
Valuation Period: 
[As specified in the Conditions] [●] 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
 
 
– 
Change of Law: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
– 
GDR Termination Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Exercise Period: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
28 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO 
INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
(for Securities linked to a Single 
Index) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Securities are Index Linked Securities linked to a 
Single Index, these provisions relating to Index Linked 
Securities (for Securities linked to a Single Index) below 
should be completed.)

--- Page 92 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
92 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
(i) 
Information relating to the Reference 
Underlying: 
[●] 
(This may not include an Index composed or provided by 
the Issuer, by any legal entity belonging to its Group or by 
a legal entity or a natural person acting in association 
with or on behalf of the Issuer) 
 
– 
Code of the Reference 
Underlying: 
[●] [(China Connect [– ChiNext Shares])] 
 
– 
Related Exchange: 
[●]/[All Exchanges] 
 
– 
Description of the Reference 
Underlying: 
[Include description of where information about the 
Reference Underlying can be obtained.] 
(ii) 
Index Currency Amount: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Valuation Period:  
[As specified in the Conditions] [●] 
(iv) 
Reference Underlying Jurisdiction: 
[●] 
 
29 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO 
INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
(for Securities linked to an Index 
Basket) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Securities are Index Linked Securities linked to an 
Index Basket, these provisions relating to Index Linked 
Securities (for Securities linked to an Index Basket) below 
should be completed.) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
 
[Index Basket 
Component 1] 
[Index Basket 
Component 2] 
[Index Basket 
Component 3] 
(i) 
Information relating to the Reference 
Underlyings: 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
(This may not include an Index composed or provided by the 
Issuer, by any legal entity belonging to its Group or by a 
legal entity or a natural person acting in association with or 
on behalf of the Issuer) 
 
– 
Code of the Reference 
Underlyings: 
[●] [(China 
Connect [– 
ChiNext 
Shares])] 
[●] [(China 
Connect [– 
ChiNext 
Shares])] 
[●] [(China Connect 
[– ChiNext Shares])] 
 
– 
Related Exchange: 
[●]/[All 
Exchanges] 
[●]/[All 
Exchanges] 
[●]/[All Exchanges] 
 
– 
Description of the Reference 
Underlying: 
[Include 
description of 
where 
information 
about the 
Reference 
Underlying can 
be obtained.] 
[Include 
description of 
where 
information 
about the 
Reference 
Underlying can 
be obtained.] 
[Include description 
of where information 
about the Reference 
Underlying can be 
obtained.] 
(ii) 
Reference Underlying Jurisdiction: 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]

--- Page 93 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
93 
(iii) 
Index Currency Amount: 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
(iv) 
Weighting: 
[●]% 
[●]% 
[●]% 
(v) 
Valuation Period:  
[As specified in the Conditions]/[●] 
 
 
(insert more columns for more Basket Components) 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES 
30 
 
Form of Securities: 
[Regulation S][Rule 144A] Global Security 
31 
 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
Payment Day: 
[Applicable: [●]] [Not Applicable] 
32 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Limited 
Level 88, International Commerce Centre, 
1 Austin Road West, 
Kowloon, Hong Kong] 
[Credit Suisse International 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom]  
 
 
[Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom] 
 
 
[Credit Suisse AG, Singapore Branch 
1 Raffles Link 
#03-01 One Raffles Link 
Singapore 039393] 
 
 
[Credit Suisse International 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom] 
 
 
[●] 
[Insert address] 
33 
 
Principal Paying Agent: 
[Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Limited 
Level 88, International Commerce Centre, 
1 Austin Road West, 
Kowloon, Hong Kong] 
 
 
[●] 
[Insert address] 
34 
 
Registrar and Transfer Agent: 
[Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Limited 
Level 88, International Commerce Centre, 
1 Austin Road West, 
Kowloon, Hong Kong] 
 
 
[●] 
[Insert address]

--- Page 94 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
94 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
35 
 
If syndicated, names and addresses of 
managers and underwriting 
commitments/quotas (material 
features): 
[Not Applicable/give names, and addresses and underwriting 
commitments] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and names 
and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the issue 
without a firm commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if such 
entities are not the same as the managers. Where not all of the 
issue is underwritten, include a statement of the portion not 
covered.) 
 
(i) 
Date of subscription agreement 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable][Applicable – specify] 
 
(ii) Stabilising manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
36 
 
If non-syndicated, name and address 
of relevant Dealer (if any): 
[Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Limited 
Level 88, International Commerce Centre, 
1 Austin Road West, 
Kowloon, Hong Kong] 
 
 
[Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom] 
[Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC 
11 Madison Avenue 
New York 
NY 10010-3629 
United States of America, acting as agent on behalf of Credit 
Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited 
One Cabot Square 
London, E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom] 
[Credit Suisse International 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom] 
 
[Credit Suisse AG, Nassau Branch 
Bahamas Financial Centre 
4th Floor 
Charlotte and Shirley Street 
Nassau] 
[Credit Suisse AG, Singapore Branch 
1 Raffles Link 
#03-01 One Raffles Link 
Singapore 039393] 
 
 
[Name and address of other dealer]

--- Page 95 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
95 
 
 
[Not applicable] 
37 
 
Total commission and concession: 
[[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount]/[●]][Not 
Applicable] 
38 
 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
Applicable 
39 
 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
Applicable 
 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
40  
Details of benchmarks administrators 
and registration under Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”): 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]. As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears]/[does not appear] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation. [As far as the Issuer is aware, 
the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that [administrator legal name] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, 
if located outside the European Union and the UK, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]/[As far as the 
Issuer is aware, Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
applies, such that [administrator legal name] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union and the UK, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[INFORMATION RELATING TO THE UNDERLYING 
[[Relevant third party information, for example, the information included under “Information relating to the 
Reference Underlyings”, “Information relating to the Basket Components” and paragraphs [6-8] of Part B below 
in these Final Terms] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify 
source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.] Neither the Issuer 
nor any of its affiliates has participated in the preparation of such information or made any due diligence inquiry 
with respect to the issuer, owner or sponsor of any Reference Underlyings in connection with the Securities. Neither 
the Issuer nor any of its affiliates has independently verified any such information and neither the Issuer nor any of 
its affiliates makes any representation or warranty as to the accuracy of such information.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
By:  
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 96 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
96 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION20 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Luxembourg Stock Exchange/Euronext Dublin/other 
(specify)/None] 
(ii) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Securities to be 
admitted to trading on [the Professional Segment of the 
regulated 
market 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange][Euronext Dublin][●] with effect from [●].] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate 
that original securities are already admitted to trading.) 
(iii) Estimate of total expenses related to admission 
to trading: 
[●][Not Applicable]21 
 
2 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Securities to be issued [have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)]/[are not 
expected to be rated].] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Securities of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the European Union or 
the United Kingdom and is registered under [Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009/Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”)] 
(as amended). [As such [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity] is included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with such Regulation.] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU and non-
UK credit rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union or the United Kingdom and is not 
 
20 Please note that, for an issue of Exempt Securities, then “Not Applicable” should be elected for sections 3-8. 
21 Includethis itemif Annex 15 of the Prospectus Regulationapplies. An estimate of the total expenses related to admission to tradingis required to be 
disclosed where (i) the denomination of the Securities is at least €100,000 or (ii) the Securities are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated 
market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have accessif the 
denomination of the Securities is below €100,000.

--- Page 97 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
97 
registered in accordance with [Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009/Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA] (as 
amended). [Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is therefore not included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with such Regulation.] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU and non-
UK credit rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union or the United Kingdom and has not 
applied for registration under [Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009/Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA] (as 
amended) (the “CRA Regulation”). The ratings have 
been endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU or UK-registered credit rating agency entity] in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. [Insert the legal 
name of the relevant EU/UK-registered credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the European Union or 
the United Kingdom and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. [As such [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU/UK credit rating agency entity] is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation.]] [The 
European Securities Markets Authority has indicated 
that 
ratings 
issued 
in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico 
(delete as appropriate)] which have been endorsed by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU or UK CRA 
entity that applied for registration] may be used in the 
EU and the UK by the relevant market participants.]  
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the European 
Union or the United Kingdom and has not applied for 
registration 
under 
[Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
1060/2009/Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA] (as 
amended) (the “CRA Regulation”), but it [is]/[has 
applied to be] certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation [[[EITHER:] and it is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation] [[OR:] although 
notification of the corresponding certification decision 
has not yet been provided by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority and [insert the legal name of the 
relevant non-EU and non-UK credit rating agency 
entity] is not included in the list of credit rating agencies

--- Page 98 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
98 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation].] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the European Union or 
the United Kingdom and has applied for registration 
under [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009/Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as 
defined in the EUWA] (as amended), although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision 
has not yet been provided by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority [and [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity] is not included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with such Regulation].] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU and non-
UK credit rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union or the United Kingdom and has not 
applied for registration under [Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009/Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA] (as 
amended) (the “CRA Regulation”). However, the 
application for registration under the CRA Regulation of 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU or UK credit 
rating agency entity that applied for registration], which 
is established in the European Union or the United 
Kingdom, disclosed the intention to endorse credit 
ratings of [insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
and non-UK credit rating agency entity][, although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision 
has not yet been provided by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority and [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU or UK credit rating agency entity] is not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation].] [The 
European Securities Markets Authority has indicated 
that 
ratings 
issued 
in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico 
(delete as appropriate)] which have been endorsed by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU or UK CRA 
entity that applied for registration] may be used in the 
EU and the UK by the relevant market participants.] 
3 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
[[Save for any fees payable to the Dealers/manager[s]], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
[issue/offer] of the Securities has an interest material to the [issue/offer]. – Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests]

--- Page 99 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
99 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute 
“significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATE OF TOTAL EXPENSES RELATED TO THE 
ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Use of proceeds: 
[●]/[See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base 
Prospectus.] 
 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus – if 
the use of proceeds is different from what is disclosed in 
the Base Prospectus, give details here.) 
(ii) Estimated total expenses related to the 
admission to trading: 
[●] [Include breakdown of expenses] 
 
5 
[YIELD] (to include for Securities with fixed Final Redemption Amount only; delete this paragraph if the Securities 
are derivative securities to which Annexes 15 and 17 of the Prospectus Regulation applies) 
Indication of yield: 
[●][to include for Securities with fixed rate interest only] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
6 
PERFORMANCE OF RATES  
[Details of performance of [EURIBOR/other] rates can be obtained, [but not] free of charge, from 
[Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of performance].][to include for 
Securities with floating rate interest only] 
[Not Applicable.] 
7 
PERFORMANCE OF THE REFERENCE UNDERLYINGS AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE REFERENCE UNDERLYINGS (to include for all Underlying-linked Securities) 
[Information on the Reference Underlying, including information on its past and further performance and volatility, 
can be found on [insert source of information e.g. the website of the issuer of the Reference Underlying].] (Insert for 
Securities linked to a single Underlying) 
[Information on the Reference Underlyings, including information on its volatility and past and further performance, 
can be obtained from the sources set out across the relevant component in the table below: 
[Component 
 
Weighting of 
Component 
 
Source of Information 
[Basket/Index Basket Component 1] 
 
[●]% 
 
[insert source of information e.g. the 
website of the issuer of the Reference 
Underlying] 
[Basket/Index Basket Component 2] 
 
[●]% 
 
[insert source of information e.g. the 
website of the issuer of the Reference 
Underlying] 
[Basket/Index Basket Component 3] 
 
[●]% 
 
[insert source of information e.g. the 
website of the issuer of the Reference 
Underlying]]

--- Page 100 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
100 
(Insert for Securities linked to a basket) 
(When completing the above paragraphs, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and where it 
can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
[Not Applicable.] 
(N.B. This paragraph only applies if the Securities are derivative securities to which Annex 17 of the Prospectus 
Regulation applies.) 
8 
PERFORMANCE OF RATE[S] OF EXCHANGE (to include for Securities with multiple currencies) 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the relevant rates can be obtained.] 
[Not Applicable.] 
(When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute 
“significant new factor” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
(N.B. This paragraph only applies if the Securities are derivative securities to which Annex 15 or 17 of the 
Prospectus Regulation applies.) 
9 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
CUSIP: 
[●] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Applicable – specify name and address of alternative 
clearing system] [Not Applicable] 
Delivery: 
[Delivery against payment]/[Free of payment] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[None] [specify]

--- Page 101 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
101 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Securities which will be incorporated by way of reference into 
each Global Security (as defined below) and each definitive Security, in the latter case only if permitted by the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (if the Securities are to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) 
or Euronext Dublin (if the Securities are to be listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin) but, if not so permitted, 
such definitive Security will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable 
Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Securities shall complete the Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such 
Securities. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, 
each Global Security and definitive Security. 
This Security is one of a Series (as defined below) of Securities issued by Credit Suisse AG, acting through its 
Nassau Branch or its Singapore Branch (the “Issuer”). 
References herein to the “Securities” shall be references to the Securities of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Securities represented by a global security (a “Global Security”), units of the lowest 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency (as defined in Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase)) 
or each Security represented by such Global Security, as the case may be; 
(b) 
any Global Security; and 
(c) 
definitive Securities issued in exchange for a Global Security. 
The Securities have the benefit of an amended and restated Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) dated on or about the date of this 
Prospectus and made between, inter alios: (i) the Issuer; (ii) Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Limited as principal paying 
agent (the “Principal Paying Agent”, which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent); (iii) 
Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Limited as registrar (the “Registrar”, which expression shall include any successor 
registrar); (iv) Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Limited as calculation agent; (v) Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) 
Limited as calculation agent; (vi) Credit Suisse AG, Singapore Branch as calculation agent (together with Credit 
Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited as calculation agent, Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Limited as calculation agent 
and Credit Suisse International as calculation agent, each a “Calculation Agent”, which expression shall include 
any successor calculation agent); (vii) Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme as Luxembourg 
paying agent (the “Luxembourg Paying Agent”, which shall include any successor as Luxembourg paying agent 
and, together with the Principal Paying Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression shall include any additional 
or successor paying agent); and (viii) Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme as Luxembourg 
transfer agent (the “Luxembourg Transfer Agent”, which expression shall include any successor Luxembourg 
transfer agent and, together with the Registrar, the “Transfer Agents”, which expression shall include any additional 
or successor transfer agent). 
The Final Terms for this Security (or the relevant provisions thereof) are attached to or endorsed on this Security 
and complete these Terms and Conditions (as so completed, the “Conditions”). References to the “applicable Final 
Terms” are to the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Security. 
Any reference to “Securityholders” or “holders” in relation to any Securities shall mean the persons in whose name 
the Securities are registered. 
Any reference to “Calculation Agent”, “Principal Paying Agent”, “Registrar” or “Transfer Agent” in relation to 
any Securities shall mean the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Transfer Agent, as 
the case may be, as specified in the applicable Final Terms and shall include any successor calculation agent, 
principal paying agent, registrar or transfer agent, as the case may be.

--- Page 102 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
102 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Securities which are identical in all respects and “Series” means a Tranche of 
Securities together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Securities which are (A) expressed to be consolidated 
and form a single series and (B) identical in all respects except for their respective Issue Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
The Securityholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”) dated on or about 
the date of this Prospectus and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common 
depository for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”), in respect of Securities held with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or with The 
Depositary Trust Company (“DTC”), in respect of Securities held with DTC. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant shall be made available for inspection upon reasonable 
notice having been given during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Registrar and the other Paying Agents and Transfer Agents (and, together with the Calculation Agents, the 
“Agents”). Copies of the applicable Final Terms are obtainable during normal business hours at the specified office 
of each of the Agents save that, if the Security is an unlisted Security of any Series, the applicable Final Terms will 
only be obtainable by a Securityholder holding one or more unlisted Securities of that Series and such Securityholder 
must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Securities and 
identity. The Securityholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The 
statements in these Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. 
The Schedules hereto form part of these Terms and Conditions. Schedule 1 (Provisions relating to Equity Linked 
Securities) shall apply to each Reference Underlying specified as “Single Reference Underlying” or “Basket of 
Reference Underlyings” under “Type of Reference Underlying” in the applicable Final Terms. Schedule 2 
(Provisions relating to Index Linked Securities) shall apply to each Reference Underlying specified as “Index” or 
“Index Basket” under “Type of Reference Underlying” in the applicable Final Terms. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same 
meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and, provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Final Terms will prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between these Terms and Conditions 
(excluding the Schedules) and the Schedules, the Schedules shall prevail. 
A Hedge Provider (as defined in Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase)) may, but is not obliged to, enter into a 
Hedging Arrangement (as defined in Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase)) in order to hedge the Issuer’s 
obligations in respect of the Securities. 
1 
FORM, DENOMINATION, TITLE AND TRANSFER 
(a) 
Form and Denomination 
The Securities are in registered form and, in the case of definitive Securities, serially numbered. If a Specified 
Denomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Securities of one Specified Denomination may not 
be exchanged for Securities of another Specified Denomination. A Security certificate (each a “Certificate”) 
will be issued to each Securityholder in respect of its registered holding of Securities. Each Security and each 
Certificate will have an identifying number which will be recorded on the relevant Certificate and in the 
register (the “Register”) of Securityholders which the Issuer will procure to be kept by the Registrar. 
Where Securities are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Securities may be 
registered in the name of a nominee for such Clearing Systems and the Global Security delivered to a common 
depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”). Securities 
sold outside the United States to non-US persons will be offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S of the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”), and will be represented by a Global Security (a 
“Regulation S Global Security”). The Final Terms for such Regulation S Global Securities shall specify the

--- Page 103 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
103 
Form of Securities as “Regulation S Global Security”. Securities sold within the United States will be sold 
only to “qualified institutional buyers” (“QIBs”) as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act (“Rule 
144A”) and will initially be represented by one or more restricted Global Securities (each a “Rule 144A 
Global Security”) without interest coupons, which will be deposited on or before its or their issue date either 
with a custodian for, and registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee for, DTC, or with a Common 
Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and registered in the name of a nominee of such 
Common Depositary. The Final Terms for such Rule 144A Global Securities shall specify the Form of 
Securities as “Rule 144A Global Security”. 
(b) 
Title 
Title to the Securities will pass upon registration of transfers in the Register. The Issuer and any Agent will 
(except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the registered holder of any Security as the absolute 
owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or 
notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes. 
(c) 
Transfers 
The Securities may be traded in a specified number of Securities or in a nominal amount, as specified in the 
Trading Method in the applicable Final Terms. 
Subject to the Agency Agreement, a Security may be transferred by delivering the Certificate issued in respect 
of that Security, with the form of transfer on the back duly completed and signed, to the specified office of 
the Registrar or any of the other Transfer Agents. Registration of transfers of Securities will be effected 
without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Transfer Agents, but upon payment (or the giving 
of such indemnity/security/pre-funding as the Issuer or any of the Transfer Agents may reasonably require) 
in respect of any tax, stamp duty or other governmental charges which may be imposed in relation to it. No 
Securityholder may require the transfer of a Security to be registered during the period of 15 days ending on 
the due date for any payment of any amount payable in respect of that Security. All transfers of Securities 
and entries on the Register will be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfer of Securities 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer in consultation with the 
Registrar. 
Securities sold to qualified institutional buyers (“QIBs”) as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act 
may only be transferred to: (i) QIBs; (ii) non-U.S. persons (as such term is defined in Regulation S 
promulgated under the Securities Act); or (iii) pursuant to another exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
In respect of Securities for which “China Connect – ChiNext Shares” is specified in relation to any Reference 
Underlying in the relevant Final Terms, any transfer of such Securities shall only be to owners and beneficial 
owners who each are an Eligible Investor. 
2 
STATUS OF THE SECURITIES 
Securities constitute direct, unsubordinated, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu among themselves and equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from 
time to time outstanding. 
3 
DISTRIBUTION, INTEREST AND PREMIUM 
(a) 
Distribution on Participation Securities 
The Issuer shall pay an amount equal to the relevant Distribution Payment Amount in respect of each 
Participation Security on each Distribution Payment Date.

--- Page 104 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
104 
Any Distribution Payment Amount paid to the Securityholder shall constitute consideration paid for the use 
of the principal and for the assumption of the risk that the Securityholder may not receive its original 
investment or that its return may be variable. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Securities 
Each Fixed Rate Security pays interest from the Interest Commencement Date either (i) at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest on its outstanding nominal amount, if applicable, or 
(ii) in an Interest Amount, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. If so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest or Interest Amount may be different for different Interest 
Periods. If the initial and/or final Interest Periods are of a different length from the other Interest Periods, 
Interest Amounts specific to such Interest Periods (each a “Broken Amount”) may be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
The expected yield for a Fixed Rate Security will be indicated in the Final Terms. The indicated yield is 
calculated on the basis of the Issue Price and will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date 
of the Fixed Rate Security. 
Yield is not an indication of future price. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Securities 
This Condition 3(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) applies to Floating Rate Securities only. The 
applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must 
be read in conjunction with this Condition 3(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) for full information on 
the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate Securities. In particular, the applicable Final 
Terms will identify any Specified Interest Payment Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement 
Date, the Business Day Convention, any Additional Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or 
Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the Margin, any maximum or minimum 
interest rates and the Day Count Fraction. Where ISDA Determination applies to the calculation of interest, 
the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity, Reset 
Date and any Calculation Agent. Where Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the 
applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s), 
Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent and whether Replacement Rate Determination (pursuant to 
paragraph (i) below is applicable. In the case of ISDA Determination, if the applicable Final Terms specifies 
a Calculation Agent for calculating the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount for the purposes of this Condition 
3(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities), all references, unless the context otherwise requires, to the Agent 
in paragraphs (i) to (vii) below shall be deemed to be references to the Calculation Agent. 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Security pays interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Interest Payment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Specified Interest 
Payment Date”); or 
(B) 
if no Interest Payment Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date (each such 
date an “Interest Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other period specified 
as the Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. Such 
interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.

--- Page 105 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
105 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Securities 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Securities will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Securities 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions 
(as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating (I) 
if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
(“ISDA”) and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Securities; 
or (I) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest version 
of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Securities; (together, the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(iv) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method is one of the following as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
1. 
Compounding with Lookback; 
2. 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; or 
3. 
Compounding with Lockout; and 
(v) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, the 
Index Method is Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA 
Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be deemed 
to be references to the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
For the purposes of this paragraph (A), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, Designated 
Maturity, Reset Date, Overnight Floating Rate Option, Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method, Compounding with Lookback, Compounding with Observation Period Shift, 
Compounding with Lockout, Averaging with Lookback, Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift, Averaging with Lockout, Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, Index 
Method and Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Securities (unless the Reference Rate is 
Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily SORA or 
SARON Compounded)

--- Page 106 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
106 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is not Compounded Daily 
SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily SORA or SARON Compounded, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(i) 
the rate or offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the rates or offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either (a) the Euro-
zone interbank offered rate (“EURIBOR”), (b) the Singapore interbank offered rate 
(“SIBOR”), (c) the Australian Bank Bill Swap Rate (“BBSW”), (d) the Canadian dollar offered 
rate for bankers acceptances (“CDOR”), (e) the CNH Hong Kong inter-bank offered rate 
(“CNH HIBOR”), (f) the New Zealand Bank Bill reference rate (“BKBM”), (g) the Hong 
Kong interbank offered rate (“HIBOR”), (h) the Stockholm interbank offered rate 
(“STIBOR”) or (i) the Norwegian interbank offered rate (“NIBOR”)), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at the 
Specified Time (as defined below) on the applicable Interest Determination Date plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If five or more of such bid rates or offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information), the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such bid rates or offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information) is not available or if, in the case of (i) above, no rate or offered quotation appears 
or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer than three rates or offered quotations appear, in each case as 
at the Specified Time on the applicable Interest Determination Date, the Calculation Agent 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its bid rate or 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Specified Time on such Interest Determination Date (which, if the Reference 
Rate is CDOR, shall be the bid rate for Canadian dollar bankers acceptances for a period equal 
to the relevant Interest Period for settlement on such Interest Determination Date and in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time 
(a representative amount) accepted by the Reference Banks at the Specified Time on such 
Interest Determination Date). If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with rates or offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates or offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with an offered quotation or bid rate as provided in the preceding paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the 
Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of: 
(x) 
in the case of a Reference Rate other than CDOR, the rates, as communicated to (and at 
the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the

--- Page 107 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
107 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Singapore 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is SIBOR), the Sydney inter-bank market (if 
the Reference Rate is BBSW), the Hong Kong inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate 
is CNH HIBOR or HIBOR), the New Zealand inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate 
is BKBM), the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR), the 
Oslo inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the inter-bank market of 
the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion 
of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to 
leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), 
the Singapore inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is SIBOR), the Sydney inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is BBSW), the Hong Kong inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is CNH HIBOR or HIBOR), the New Zealand inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is BKBM), the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
STIBOR), the Oslo inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR), the inter-bank 
market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any); or 
(y) 
if the Reference Rate is CDOR, the bid rates quoted by any one or more major banks in 
Toronto (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the 
purposes) and provided to the Calculation Agent for Canadian Dollar bankers 
acceptances for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period for settlement on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date and in representative amount accepted by the bank 
or banks at the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
provided that, in each case, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, (a) the Rate of Interest shall (subject, if applicable, to 
Condition 3(c)(ii)(G) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities)) be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (through substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (b) in the case of the first Interest Period for a Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Security, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be (subject, if 
applicable, to Condition 3(c)(ii)(G) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities)) the fixed Rate of 
Interest which applied immediately prior to such Interest Period. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, with respect to any Floating Rate Security where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is not Compounded Daily 
SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily SORA or SARON Compounded: 
“Reference Banks” means, (i) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-
zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) in the case of a 
determination of SIBOR, the principal Singapore office of four major banks in the Singapore

--- Page 108 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
108 
inter-bank market, (iii) in the case of a determination of BBSW, the financial institutions 
authorised to quote on the Reuters Screen BBSW Page, (iv) in the case of a determination of 
CDOR, the principal Toronto office of four major Canadian chartered banks listed in Schedule 
I to the Bank Act (Canada), (v) in the case of a determination of CNH HIBOR, the principal 
Hong Kong office of four major banks dealing in Renminbi in the Hong Kong inter-bank 
market, (vi) in the case of a determination of BKBM, four major trading banks in the New 
Zealand inter-bank market, (vii) in the case of a determination of STIBOR, four major banks 
in the Stockholm inter-bank market, (viii) in the case of a determination of NIBOR, four major 
banks in the Oslo inter-bank market, (ix) in the case of a determination of HIBOR, four major 
banks in the Hong Kong inter-bank market and (x) in the case of a determination of a Reference 
Rate that is not EURIBOR, SIBOR, BBSW, CDOR, CNH HIBOR, HIBOR, BKBM, STIBOR 
or NIBOR, the principal office of four major banks in the inter-bank market of the Relevant 
Financial Centre, in each case as selected by the Issuer; and 
“Specified Time” means (i) 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, Singapore time, in the case of a determination of SIBOR, Hong Kong time, in the 
case of a determination of HIBOR, Stockholm time, in the case of a determination of STIBOR), 
(ii) 10.00 a.m. (Toronto time, in the case of a determination of CDOR, Sydney time, in the case 
of a determination of BBSW), (iii) 11.15 a.m. Hong Kong time or if, at or around that time it 
is notified that the fixing will be published at 2.30 p.m. Hong Kong time, then 2.30 p.m. Hong 
Kong time (in the case of a determination of CNH HIBOR), (iv) 10.45 a.m. (New Zealand 
time, in the case of a determination of BKBM), (v) 12.00 p.m. (Oslo time, in the case of a 
determination of NIBOR) or (vi) the time in the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, in the case of a determination of any other Reference Rate. 
(C) 
Screen rate Determination for Floating Rate Securities where the Reference Rate is 
Compounded Daily SONIA 
(i) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
Compounded Daily SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject 
as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA for such Interest Period plus or minus 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
(I) 
if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
(𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 y
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 x −1) 𝑥365
𝑑 
where: 
SONIA Compounded Indexx means the SONIA Compounded Index in respect 
of the day falling p London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
SONIA Compounded Indexy means the SONIA Compounded Index in respect 
of the day falling p London Banking Days prior to the last day of the relevant

--- Page 109 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
109 
Interest Period (but which last day is by definition excluded from such Interest 
Period); and 
d means the number of days in the relevant SONIA Observation Period, 
provided, however, that, if the SONIA Compounded Index required to determine 
SONIA Compounded Indexx or SONIA Compounded Indexy does not appear on 
the Bank of England’s Interactive Statistical Database (or any successor source 
on which the compounded daily SONIA rate is published by the Bank of England 
(or any successor administrator of SONIA)) at the Specified Time on the relevant 
London Banking Day (or by 5:00 p.m. London time or such later time falling 
one hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication of the SONIA 
Compounded Index in accordance with the then-prevailing operational 
procedures of the administrator of the SONIA Reference Rate or SONIA 
authorised distributors, as the case may be), then Compounded Daily SONIA for 
such Interest Period and each Interest Period thereafter will be “Compounded 
Daily SONIA” determined in accordance with sub-clause (II) below and for 
these purposes the “Observation Method” shall be deemed to be “Shift”; or 
(II) 
if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (y) this clause (II) applies to such Interest Period 
pursuant to the proviso in clause (I) above, the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
 
where: 
d means the number of days in (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is 
specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or (where in 
the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) the 
relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
do means the number of London Banking Days in (where in the applicable Final 
Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period 
or (where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method) the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from 1 to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from (and including) the first 
London Banking Day in (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified 
as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or (where in the 
applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) the 
relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
ni means, for any London Banking Day i, the number of days from (and 
including) such London Banking Day i up to (but excluding) the following 
London Banking Day; and 
d
n
SONIA
o
d
i
i
pLBD
 
 
- 
 
i
365
1
365
1
1




















--- Page 110 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
110 
SONIAi-pLBD means: 
(i) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any London Banking Day i in the relevant Interest 
Period, the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of the London Banking Day 
falling p London Banking Days prior to such London Banking Day i; or 
(ii) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method, SONIAi-pLBD shall be replaced in the above formula 
with SONIAi, where SONIAi means, in respect of any London Banking 
Day i in the relevant SONIA Observation Period, the SONIA Reference 
Rate in respect of such London Banking Day i. 
(ii) 
In the event that Compounded Daily SONIA for any Interest Period cannot be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the 
Rate of Interest (subject, if applicable, to Condition 3(c)(ii)(G) (Interest on Floating 
Rate Securities)) for such Interest Period shall be: 
(I) 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period); or 
(II) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable for the first scheduled Interest Period had the 
Securities been in issue for a period equal in duration to the first scheduled 
Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(and applying the Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable to the first scheduled Interest 
Period). 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(c)(ii)(C) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities): 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“p” means the number of London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-
Back Period; 
“SONIA” has the meaning given to such term in the definition of SONIA Reference 
Rate; 
“SONIA authorised distributors” has the meaning given to such term in the definition 
of SONIA Reference Rate; 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means, in respect of any London Banking Day, the 
compounded daily SONIA rate for such London Banking Day as published by the Bank 
of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England’s 
Interactive Statistical Database (or any successor source on which the compounded 
daily SONIA rate is published by the Bank of England (or such successor 
administrator)) at the Specified Time on such London Banking Day;

--- Page 111 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
111 
“SONIA Observation Period” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling p London Banking Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling p London Banking Days prior to the 
last day of such Interest Period (but which last day is by definition excluded from such 
Interest Period); 
“SONIA Reference Rate” means, in respect of any London Banking Day, the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) ratefor such London Banking Day as 
provided by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) to authorised 
distributors (the “SONIA authorised distributors”) and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by the SONIA authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day. If, in respect of any London Banking 
Day, the applicable SONIA Reference Rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or has not been otherwise published by the SONIA authorised distributors) by 
5.00 p.m. London time, then the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of such London 
Banking Day shall be: 
(I) 
the sum of (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if earlier, close of business) on such London 
Banking Day and (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to 
the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA 
Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is 
more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and the lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads); or 
(II) 
if the Bank Rate described in sub-clause (I) above is not available at such time 
on such London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise published by the SONIA authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise 
published by the SONIA authorised distributors); and 
“Specified Time” means 10.00 a.m., London time, or such other time as is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(D) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Securities where the Reference Rate is 
Compounded Daily SOFR 
(i) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be Compounded Daily SOFR for such Interest Period plus or minus (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
“Compounded Daily SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
1. 
if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards):

--- Page 112 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
112 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
𝑑) 
where: 
SOFR IndexStart means the SOFR Index in respect of the day falling p U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
SOFR IndexEnd means the SOFR Index in respect of the day falling p U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the last day of the relevant Interest 
Period (but which last day is by definition excluded from such Interest Period); 
and 
d means the number of days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
provided, however, that, if the SOFR Index required to determine SOFR 
IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd does not appear on the New York Federal Reserve’s 
Website at the Specified Time on the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, then Compounded Daily SOFR for such Interest Period and each 
Interest Period thereafter will be “Compounded Daily SOFR” determined in 
accordance with sub-clause (2) below; or 
2. 
if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (y) this clause (2) applies to such Interest Period 
pursuant to the proviso in clause (1) above, the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
where: 
d means the number of days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
d0 means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from (and 
including) the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period; 
ni means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day i in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period, the number of days from (and including) such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day i up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; and 
SOFRi means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day i in 
the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR Reference Rate in respect of 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day i. 
(ii) 
If the SOFR Benchmark Replacement is at any time required to be used pursuant to 
paragraph (3) of the definition of SOFR Reference Rate, then the Issuer or the SOFR

--- Page 113 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
113 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, will determine the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement in accordance with the definition thereof with respect to the then current 
SOFR Benchmark and, if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent has 
so determined the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, then: 
1. 
the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as applicable, shall also 
determine the method for determining the rate described in clause (x) of 
paragraph (1), (2) or (3) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as 
applicable (including (w) the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service on or source from which such rate appears or is obtained (the 
“Alternative” “Relevant Source”), (x) the time at which such rate appears on, 
or is obtained from, the Relevant Source (the “Alternative Specified Time”), 
(y) the day on which such rate will appear on, or is obtained from, the Relevant 
Source in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
“Alternative Relevant Date”), and (z) any alternative method for determining 
such rate if is unavailable at the Alternative Specified Time on the applicable 
Alternative Relevant Date), which method shall be consistent with industry-
accepted practices for such rate; 
2. 
from (and including) the Affected Day, references to the Specified Time in the 
Conditions shall be deemed to be references to the Alternative Specified Time; 
3. 
if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as applicable, 
determines that (x) changes to the definitions of Business Day, Business Day 
Convention, Compounded Daily SOFR, Day Count Fraction, Interest 
Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, Observation Look-
Back Period, SOFR Observation Period, SOFR Reference Rate or U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day and/or (y) any other technical changes to 
any other provision in this Condition 3(c)(ii)(D) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Securities), are necessary in order to implement the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement (including any alternative method described in clause (z) of 
paragraph (1) above) as the SOFR Benchmark in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent, as the case may be, decides that adoption of any portion of 
such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may be, determines that no market 
practice for use of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case 
may be, determines is reasonably necessary), such definitions and other 
provisions will be amended as contemplated in paragraph (a)(i) of Condition (c) 
(Meetings of Securityholders and Modification) to reflect such changes; and 
4. 
the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Calculation Agent, the 
Agent and the other Paying Agents, if any, and, in accordance with Condition 
(q), the Securityholders, specifying the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as well 
as the details described in paragraph (1) above and the amendments implemented 
pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) of Condition (c) (Meetings of Securityholders and 
Modification) . 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(c)(ii)(D) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities): 
“Corresponding Tenor” means, with respect to a SOFR Benchmark Replacement, a 
tenor (including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding any

--- Page 114 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
114 
applicable Business Day Convention) as the applicable tenor for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate 
derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc.; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means, with respect to any ISDA Fallback Rate, the 
spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that would be 
applied to such ISDA Fallback Rate in the case of derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions that will be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
event with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means, with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark, the 
rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions that 
will be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the then 
current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment; 
“New York Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, which is currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor 
website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor administrator of the 
daily secured overnight financing rate or the SOFR Index, as applicable; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“p” means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
“SOFR” means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the daily 
secured overnight financing rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day as 
provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate 
(or any successor administrator of such rate); 
“SOFR Benchmark” means SOFR, provided that if a SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to SOFR or such other then-current SOFR Benchmark, then “SOFR Benchmark” 
means the applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement; 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement” means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the first alternative set forth in the order presented below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as of the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark: 
1. 
the sum of: (x) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the

--- Page 115 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
115 
then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (y) 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
2. 
the sum of: (x) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (y) the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
3. 
the sum of: (x) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as the replacement for the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor, 
provided that, (a) if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as 
the case may be, determines that there is an industry-accepted replacement rate 
of interest for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time, it shall select such industry-accepted rate, and 
(b) otherwise, it shall select such rate of interest that it has determined is most 
comparable to the then-current SOFR Benchmark, and (y) the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means, with respect to any SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as of the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark: 
1. 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement; 
2. 
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
3. 
the spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that 
has been selected by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if 
any, to be applied to the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
Securityholders as a result of the replacement of the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark with such Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement for the 
purposes of determining the SOFR Reference Rate, which spread adjustment 
shall be consistent with any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, applied to such Unadjusted 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement where it has replaced the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent” means any affiliate of the Issuer or such 
other person that has been appointed by the Issuer to make the calculations and 
determinations to be made by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent described in 
this Condition 3(c)(ii)(D) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities), so long as such affiliate 
or other person is a leading bank or other financial institution that is experienced in such 
calculations and determinations. The Issuer may elect, but is not required, to appoint a 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent at any time. The Issuer will notify the 
Securityholders of any such appointment in accordance with Condition (q) (Notices);

--- Page 116 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
116 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date” means, with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect thereto: 
1. 
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event, the later of (x) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (y) the date on which the administrator of the 
SOFR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark; or 
2. 
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark Transition Event, 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein 
3. 
If the event giving rise to the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the 
same day as, but earlier than, the Specified Time in respect of any determination, 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Specified Time for such determination; 
“SOFR Benchmark Transition Event” means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect thereto: 
1. 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that such administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark, permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark; 
2. 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of 
the SOFR Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the SOFR Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the SOFR 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark has 
ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark; 
or 
3. 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that the SOFR 
Benchmark is no longer representative. 
“SOFR Index” means. in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the 
value of the SOFR Index published for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
as such value appears on the New York Federal Reserve’s Website at the Specified Time 
on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling p U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling p U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the last day of such Interest Period (but 
which last day is by definition excluded from such Interest Period); and

--- Page 117 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
117 
“SOFR Reference Rate” means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day: 
1. 
a rate equal to SOFR for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
appearing on the New York Federal Reserve’s Website on or about the Specified 
Time on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; or 
2. 
if SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day does not 
appear as specified in paragraph b. above, unless the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, determines that a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to SOFR on or prior to the Specified Time on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, SOFR in respect of the last U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which such rate was published on the 
New York Federal Reserve’s Website; or 
3. 
if SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day does not 
appear as specified in paragraph (1) above and the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, determines that a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark on or prior to the 
Specified Time on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (or, if the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark is not SOFR, on or prior to the Specified Time on the 
Alternative Relevant Date), then (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
paragraph (3)) from (and including) the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day immediately following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (or 
the Alternative Relevant Date, as applicable) (the Affected Day), SOFR 
Reference Rate will mean, in respect of such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day and any U.S. Government Securities Business Day thereafter, the 
applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day appearing on, or obtained from, the Alternative Relevant Source 
at the Alternative Specified Time on the Alternative Relevant Date; 
“Specified Time” means 3.00 p.m., New York City time, or such other time as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement” means the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement, excluding the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) that is not a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association or any successor organisation recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
(iv) 
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Condition 3(c)(ii)(D) (Interest on Floating 
Rate Securities), if the Issuer has appointed a SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent 
and such SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent is unable to determine whether a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event has occurred or, following the occurrence of a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event, has not selected the SOFR Benchmark Replacement as of 
the related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date, in accordance with this Condition

--- Page 118 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
118 
3(c)(ii)(D) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities), then, in such case, the Issuer shall 
make such determination or select the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as the case may 
be. 
(v) 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, pursuant to this Condition 3(c)(ii)(D) (Interest 
on Floating Rate Securities), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate 
or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event (including any 
determination that a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark), circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any 
action or any selection, will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may be, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
(E) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Securities where the Reference Rate is 
Compounded Daily SORA 
(i) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
Compounded Daily SORA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be Compounded Daily SORA for such Interest Period plus or minus 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
“Compounded Daily SORA” means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
1. 
if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
(SORA Index𝑒𝑛𝑑 
SORA Index𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × 365
𝑑 
where: 
SORA Indexstart means the SORA Index in respect of the day falling p Singapore 
Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period; 
SORA Indexend means the SORA Index in respect of the day falling p Singapore 
Business Days prior to the last day of the relevant Interest Period (but which last 
day is by definition excluded from such Interest Period); and 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant SORA Observation Period; 
provided, however, that, if the SORA Index required to determine SORA 
IndexStart or SORA IndexEnd does not appear on the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore’s website (which is currently http://www.mas.gov.sg), or any 
successor website officially designated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore 
(or as published by the SORA authorised distributors) at the Specified Time on 
the relevant Singapore Business Day, then Compounded Daily SORA for such 
Interest Period and each Interest Period thereafter will be “Compounded Daily 
SORA” determined in accordance with sub-clause (2) below;

--- Page 119 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
119 
2. 
if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (y) this sub-clause (2) applies to such Interest Period 
pursuant to the proviso in sub-clause (1) above, the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + SORA𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
where: 
d means the number of days in the relevant SORA Observation Period; 
d0 means the number of Singapore Business Days in the relevant SORA 
Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the relevant 
Singapore Business Days in chronological order from (and including) the first 
Singapore Business Day in the relevant SORA Observation Period; 
ni means, for any Singapore Business Day i in the relevant SORA Observation 
Period, the number of days from (and including) such SORA Business Day i up 
to (but excluding) the following SORA Business Day; and 
SORAi means, in respect of any Singapore Business Day i in the relevant SORA 
Observation Period, the SOFR Reference Rate in respect of such SORA Business 
Day i. 
(ii) 
In the event that Compounded Daily SORA for any Interest Period cannot be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Rate of 
Interest (subject, if applicable, to Condition 3(c)(ii)(G) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Securities))) for such Interest Period shall be: 
1. 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period); or 
2. 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable for the first scheduled Interest Period had the 
Securities been in issue for a period equal in duration to the first scheduled 
Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(and applying the Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable to the first scheduled Interest 
Period). 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(c)(ii)(E) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities): 
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“p” means the number of Singapore Business Days included in the Observation Look-
Back Period;

--- Page 120 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
120 
“Singapore Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or gazetted 
public holiday) on which commercial banks settle payments in Singapore; 
“SORA” has the meaning given to such term in the definition of SORA Reference Rate; 
“SORA authorised distributors” has the meaning given to such term in the definition 
of SORA Reference Rate; 
“SORA Index” means, in respect of any Singapore Business Day, the value of the 
SORA Index published for such Singapore Business Day as such value appears on the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore’s website (which is currently http://www.mas.gov.sg), 
or any successor website officially designated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore 
at the Specified Time on such Singapore Business Day; 
“SORA Observation Period” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling p Singapore Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling p Singapore Business Days prior to 
the last day of such Interest Period (but which last day is by definition excluded from 
such Interest Period); 
“SORA Reference Rate” means, in respect of any Singapore Business Day, the daily 
Singapore Overnight Rate Average (“SORA”) rate for such Singapore Business Day as 
provided by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (or a successor administrator of 
SORA) to authorised distributors (the “SORA authorised distributors”) and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by the SORA authorised distributors) on the Singapore Business 
Day immediately following such Singapore Business Day. If, in respect of any 
Singapore Business Day, the applicable SORA Reference Rate is not made available on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or has not been otherwise published by the SORA authorised 
distributors) by 5.00 p.m. Singapore time, then the SORA Reference Rate in respect of 
such Singapore Business Day shall be the SORA Reference Rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise published by the SORA authorised distributors) 
for the first preceding Singapore Business Day on which the SORA Reference Rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise published by the SORA 
authorised distributors); and 
“Specified Time” means 11.00 a.m., Singapore time, or such other time as is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
(F) 
Screen Rate Determination where the Reference Rate is SARON Compounded 
(i) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
SARON Compounded, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be SARON Compounded for such Interest Period plus or minus (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
(ii) 
“SARON Compounded” means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):

--- Page 121 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
121 
where: 
db means the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant SARON Observation 
Period; 
dc means the number of days in the relevant SARON Observation Period; 
i indexes a series of whole numbers from one to db, representing the Zurich Banking 
Days in the relevant SARON Observation Period in chronological order from (and 
including) the first Zurich Banking Day in such SARON Observation Period; 
ni means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day i, the number of days from (and 
including) such Zurich Banking Day i to (but excluding) the first following Zurich 
Banking Day; and 
SARONi means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day i in the relevant SARON 
Observation Period, SARON in respect of such Zurich Banking Day i. 
(iii) 
As used in this Condition 3(c)(ii)(F) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities), 
“Recommended Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to any Recommended 
Replacement Rate, the spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or formula or 
methodology for calculating such a spread, 
1. 
that the Recommending Body has recommended be applied to such 
Recommended Replacement Rate in the case of fixed income securities with 
respect to which such Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight as the reference rate for purposes of determining the 
applicable rate of interest thereon; or 
2. 
if the Recommending Body has not recommended such a spread, formula or 
methodology as described in sub-clause (1) above, to be applied to such 
Recommended Replacement Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as applicable) to Securityholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight with such Recommended Replacement Rate for 
purposes of determining SARON, which spread will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, 
and be consistent with industry-accepted practices for fixed income securities 
with respect to which such Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the reference rate for purposes of determining 
the applicable rate of interest thereon; 
“Recommended Replacement Rate” means the rate that has been recommended as the 
replacement for the Swiss Average Rate Overnight by any working group or committee 
in Switzerland organised in the same or a similar manner as the National Working Group 
on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 2013 for purposes of, among other 
things, considering proposals to reform reference interest rates in Switzerland (any such 
working group or committee, the “Recommending Body”); 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝐴𝑅𝑂𝑁𝑖 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
360
𝑑𝑏
𝑖=1
) −1] 𝑥360
𝑑𝑐

--- Page 122 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
122 
“SARON” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, 
1. 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day published by 
the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website at the 
Specified Time on such Zurich Banking Day; or 
2. 
if such rate is not so published on the SARON Administrator Website at the 
Specified Time on such Zurich Banking Day and a SARON Index Cessation 
Event and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have not both occurred at 
or prior to the Specified Time on such Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON 
Administrator Website for the last preceding Zurich Banking Day on which the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight was published by the SARON Administrator on 
the SARON Administrator Website; or 
3. 
if such rate is not so published on the SARON Administrator Website at the 
Specified Time on such Zurich Banking Day and a SARON Index Cessation 
Event and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have both occurred at or 
prior to the Specified Time on such Zurich Banking Day, 
(x) 
if there is a Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich Banking 
Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the Recommended 
Replacement Rate for such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the 
Recommended Adjustment Spread, if any, published on such Zurich 
Banking Day; or 
(y) 
if there is no Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich 
Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the policy 
rate of the Swiss National Bank (the “SNB Policy Rate”) for such Zurich 
Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB Adjustment Spread, if any. 
Notwithstanding the above, if the SNB Policy Rate for any Zurich Banking Day 
with respect to which SARON is to be determined pursuant to sub-clause (3)(y) 
above has not been published on such Zurich Banking Day, then in respect of 
such Zurich Banking Day (the “Affected Zurich Banking Day”) and each 
Zurich Banking Day thereafter, SARON will be replaced by the Replacement 
Rate, if any, determined in accordance with Condition 3(c)(ii)(F)(v) (Interest on 
Floating Rate Securities) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest; 
“SARON Administrator” means SIX Index AG (including any successor thereto) or 
any successor administrator of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; 
“SARON Administrator Website” means the website of the SIX Group, or any 
successor website or other source on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight is 
published by or on behalf of the SARON Administrator; 
“SARON Index Cessation Effective Date” means the earliest of: 
1. 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in 
clause (1) of the definition thereof, the date on which the SARON Administrator 
ceases to provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; 
2. 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in 
sub-clause (2)(x) of the definition thereof, the latest of: 
(x) 
the date of such statement or publication;

--- Page 123 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
123 
(y) 
the date, if any, specified in such statement or publication as the date on 
which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight will no longer be representative; 
and 
(z) 
if a SARON Index Cessation Event described in sub-clause (2)(y) of the 
definition thereof has occurred on or prior to either or both dates specified 
in sub-clauses (x) and (y) of this clause (2), the date as of which the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used; and 
3. 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in 
sub-clause (2)(y) of the definition thereof, the date as of which the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used; 
“SARON Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
1. 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the SARON 
Administrator, or by any competent authority, announcing or confirming that the 
SARON Administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; or 
2. 
a public statement or publication of information by the SARON Administrator 
or any competent authority announcing that (x) the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight is no longer representative or will as of a certain date no longer be 
representative, or (y) the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used 
after a certain date, which statement, in the case of sub-clause (x), is applicable 
to (but not necessarily limited to) fixed income securities and derivatives; 
“SARON Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling five Zurich Banking Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period and ending on (but excluding) the date falling five Zurich Banking Days 
prior to the last day of such Interest Period (but which last day is by definition excluded 
from such Interest Period); 
“SNB Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, the spread to 
be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Securityholders as a result of the replacement of the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight with the SNB Policy Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which spread 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner, taking into account the historical median between the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight and the SNB Policy Rate during the two year period ending on 
the date on which the SARON Index Cessation Event occurred (or, if more than one 
SARON Index Cessation Event has occurred, the date on which the first of such events 
occurred); 
“Specified Time” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, close of trading on the 
trading platform of SIX Repo AG (or any successor thereto) on such Zurich Banking 
Day, which is expected to be on or around 6 p.m. (Zurich time); and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open in the City of Zurich for 
the settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions.

--- Page 124 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
124 
(iv) 
If the Calculation Agent (1) is required to use a Recommended Replacement Rate or the 
SNB Policy Rate pursuant to sub-clause (3)(x) or (3)(y) of the definition of SARON for 
purposes of determining SARON for any Zurich Banking Day, and (2) determines that 
(x) changes to the definitions of Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count 
Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, SARON 
Observation Period, SARON, SARON Administrator, SARON Administrator Website, 
Specified Time or Zurich Banking Day, and/or (y) any other technical changes to any 
other provision in this Condition 3(c)(ii)(F) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) are 
necessary in order to use such Recommended Replacement Rate (and any 
Recommended Adjustment Spread) or the SNB Policy Rate (and any SNB Adjustment 
Spread), as the case may be, for such purposes, in a manner substantially consistent with 
market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any portion of 
such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no market practice for use of such Recommended Replacement Rate 
(and any Recommended Adjustment Spread) or the SNB Policy Rate (and any SNB 
Adjustment Spread) exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent determines 
is reasonably necessary), such definitions and other provisions will be amended as 
contemplated in Condition (c) (Meeting of Securityholders and Modification) to reflect 
such changes, and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Calculation 
Agent, the Agent and the other Paying Agents, if any, and, in accordance with Condition 
(q) (Notices), the Securityholders, specifying the Recommended Replacement Rate and 
any Recommended Adjustment Spread or any SNB Adjustment Spread, as applicable, 
and the amendments implemented pursuant to Condition (c) (Meeting of 
Securityholders and Modification) . 
(v) 
Unless the Issuer has elected to redeem the Securities in accordance with Condition 5 
(Redemption and Purchase) and the date fixed for redemption falls on or prior to the 
Replacement Rate Agent Appointment Cut-Off Date (as defined below), the Issuer will 
appoint a “Replacement Rate Agent” on or prior to the first Zurich Banking Day (1) 
with respect to which SARON is to be determined pursuant to clause (3) of the 
definition of SARON and (2) for which the SNB Policy Rate has not been published 
thereon (such Zurich Banking Day, the “Replacement Rate Agent Appointment Cut-
Off Date”). The Issuer may appoint an affiliate of the Issuer or any other person as 
Replacement Rate Agent, so long as such affiliate or other person is a leading bank or 
financial institution that is experienced in the calculations and determinations to be 
made by the Replacement Rate Agent. The Issuer will notify the Securityholders of any 
such appointment in accordance with Condition (q) (Notices). 
(vi) 
If the conditions set out in the last paragraph of the definition of SARON have been 
satisfied, then the Replacement Rate Agent will determine whether to use an alternative 
rate to SARON for the Affected Zurich Banking Day and for all subsequent Zurich 
Banking Days in the SARON Observation Period in which the Affected Zurich Banking 
Day falls (the “Affected SARON Observation Period”) and all SARON Observation 
Periods thereafter. If the Replacement Rate Agent determines to use an alternative rate 
pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence, it shall select such rate that it has 
determined is most comparable to the Swiss Average Rate Overnight (the “Existing 
Rate”), provided that if it determines that there is an appropriate industry-accepted 
successor rate to the Existing Rate, it shall use such industry-accepted successor rate. If 
the Replacement Rate Agent has determined an alternative rate in accordance with the 
foregoing (such rate, the “Replacement Rate”), for purposes of determining the Rate 
of Interest, (1) the Replacement Rate Agent shall determine (x) the method for obtaining 
the Replacement Rate (including any alternative method for determining the

--- Page 125 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
125 
Replacement Rate if such alternative rate is unavailable on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date), which method shall be consistent with industry-accepted practices 
for the Replacement Rate, and (y) any adjustment factor as may be necessary in order 
to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Securityholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Existing Rate with the Replacement Rate, which adjustment factor 
shall be consistent with any industry-accepted practices where the Replacement Rate 
has replaced the Existing Rate for floating rate notes denominated in Swiss francs at 
such time, (2) for the Affected Zurich Banking Day and all subsequent Zurich Banking 
Days in the Affected SARON Observation Period and all SARON Observation Periods 
thereafter, references to SARON in the Conditions shall be deemed to be references to 
the Replacement Rate, including any alternative method for determining such rate and 
any adjustment factor as described in sub-clause (1) above, (3) if the Replacement Rate 
Agent determines that (x) changes to the definitions of Business Day, Business Day 
Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, 
Interest Period, SARON, SARON Observation Period, Specified Time or Zurich 
Banking Day and/or (y) any other technical changes to any other provision in this 
Condition 3(c)(ii)(F) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) are necessary in order to 
implement the Replacement Rate as SARON (including any alternative method for 
determining such rate and any adjustment factor described in sub-clause (x) or (y), 
respectively, above) in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Replacement Rate Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice 
is not administratively feasible or if the Replacement Rate Agent determines that no 
market practice for use of the Replacement Rate exists, in such other manner as the 
Replacement Rate Agent determines is reasonably necessary), such definitions and 
other provisions will be amended as contemplated in Condition (c) (Meeting of 
Securityholders and Modification) to reflect such changes, and (4) the Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Calculation Agent, the Agent and the other Paying 
Agents, if any, and, in accordance with Condition (q) (Notices), the Securityholders, 
specifying the Replacement Rate, as well as the details described in sub-clause (1) 
above, and the amendments implemented pursuant to Condition (c) (Meeting of 
Securityholders and Modification). Any determination to be made by the Replacement 
Rate Agent pursuant to this Condition 3(c)(ii)(F)(vi) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Securities), including any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take 
or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be made in the sole discretion of 
the Replacement Rate Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
(G) 
Determination of Replacement Rate (unless the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SOFR 
or SARON Compounded) 
Where the Reference Rate is not Compounded Daily SOFR or SARON Compounded and 
Replacement Rate Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then notwithstanding Condition 3(c)(ii)(B) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) or Condition 
3(c)(ii)(C) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities), as applicable, if the Replacement Rate Agent 
determines at any time on or prior to the Specified Time on any Interest Determination Date 
that the Reference Rate (the “Existing Rate”) (or any component thereof) has been 
discontinued, then it will determine whether to use a substitute or successor rate for purposes 
of determining the Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination Date and each Interest 
Determination Date thereafter that it has determined is most comparable to the Existing Rate 
(or such component thereof) had it not been discontinued. If the Replacement Rate Agent

--- Page 126 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
126 
determines to use a substitute or successor rate pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence, 
it shall select such rate, provided that, if it determines that there is an appropriate industry-
accepted successor rate to the Existing Rate, it shall select such industry-accepted successor 
rate. If the Replacement Rate Agent has determined a substitute or successor rate in accordance 
with the foregoing (such rate, the “Replacement Rate”), for purposes of determining the Rate 
of Interest, (A) the Replacement Rate Agent will determine (x) the method for obtaining the 
Replacement Rate (including any alternative method for determining the Replacement Rate if 
such substitute or successor rate is unavailable on the relevant Interest Determination Date), 
which method shall be consistent with industry-accepted practices for the Replacement Rate, 
and (y) any adjustment factor as may be necessary in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Securityholders as a result of the replacement of the Existing Rate with the 
Replacement Rate, which adjustment factor shall be consistent with any industry-accepted 
practices for the Replacement Rate where the Replacement Rate has replaced the Existing Rate 
for floating rate notes denominated in the Specified Currency at such time, (B) references to 
the Reference Rate in the Conditions will be deemed to be references to the Replacement Rate, 
including any alternative method for determining such rate and any adjustment factor as 
described in sub-paragraph (A) above, (C) if the Replacement Rate Agent determines that (x) 
changes to the definitions of Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, 
Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, London Banking Days (if 
applicable), Reference Banks (if applicable), Relevant Financial Centre, Observation Look-
Back Period (if applicable), Relevant Screen Page (if applicable), SONIA Observation Period 
(if applicable) or Specified Time, and/or any other technical changes to any other provision in 
Condition 3(c)(ii)(B) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) or Condition 3(c)(ii)(C) (Interest 
on Floating Rate Securities), as applicable, are necessary in order to implement the 
Replacement Rate as the Reference Rate (including any alternative method for determining 
such rate and any adjustment factor as described in sub-paragraph (A) above in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Replacement Rate Agent decides that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Replacement Rate Agent determines that no market practice for use of the Replacement Rate 
exists, in such other manner as the Replacement Rate Agent determines is reasonably 
necessary), such definitions and other provisions will be amended as contemplated in 
paragraph (b)(i) of Condition (c) (Meeting of Securityholders and Modification) to reflect such 
changes, and (D) the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Calculation Agent, 
the Agent and the other Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition (q) (Notices), the 
Securityholders, specifying the Replacement Rate, as well as the details described in sub-
paragraph (A) above and the amendments implemented pursuant to paragraph (b)(i) of 
Condition (c) (Meeting of Securityholders and Modification). Any determination to be made 
by the Replacement Rate Agent pursuant to this Condition 3(c)(ii)(G) (Interest on Floating 
Rate Securities), including any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be made in the sole discretion of the 
Replacement Rate Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Unless the Issuer has elected to redeem the Securities in accordance with Condition 5 
(Redemption and Purchase) and the date fixed for redemption falls on or prior to the 
Replacement Rate Agent Appointment Cut-Off Date (as defined below), the Issuer will appoint 
a “Replacement Rate Agent” on or prior to the first Interest Determination Date on which the 
Reference Rate (or any component thereof) does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
such replacement page on that service that displays the information or, in the case of the SONIA 
Reference Rate and the SORA Reference Rate, as otherwise published by the SONIA

--- Page 127 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
127 
authorised distributors and the SORA authorised distributors, respectively) as at the Specified 
Time (such Interest Determination Date, the “Replacement Rate Agent Appointment Cut-
Off Date”). The Issuer may appoint an affiliate of the Issuer or any other person as 
Replacement Rate Agent, so long as such affiliate or other person is a leading bank or financial 
institution that is experienced in the calculations and determinations to be made by the 
Replacement Rate Agent. The Issuer will notify the Securityholders of any such appointment 
in accordance with Condition (q) (Notices). 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (ii) above of this Condition 3(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) is less 
than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (ii) above of this Condition 3(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) is 
greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Maximum Rate of Interest. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed 
to be zero. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent or, where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. Where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of ISDA 
Determination, if the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and the Interest Amount for the purposes of this Condition 3(c) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Securities), the Issuer will notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for each relevant Interest Period as 
soon as practicable after the determination by the Calculation Agent of such Rate of Interest. 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, will calculate the amount of interest (the 
“Interest Amount”) payable on the Floating Rate Securities for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(I) 
in the case of Floating Rate Securities which are represented by a Global Security, the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of the Securities represented by such Global Security; or 
(II) 
in the case of Floating Rate Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount to 
the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Securities in definitive form) shall be rounded to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards 
or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Security in definitive form comprises more than 
one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Security shall be the 
aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount 
comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding.

--- Page 128 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
128 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 3(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities): 
1. 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
2. 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365; 
3. 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
4. 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
5. 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis 
of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (I) the last day of the Interest Period is 
the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or 
31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered 
to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (II) the last day of the Interest Period is the last day of 
the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month)); and 
6. 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of 
a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day 
of the Interest Period unless, in the case of the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date is the 
last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered 
to be lengthened to a 30-day month). 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or by the 
Agent by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent or the Agent, as the case may be, shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate.

--- Page 129 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
129 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
Unless the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded 
Daily SORA or SARON Compounded, the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, will 
cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to (i) the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Securities are for the time being listed by no later than the first day of each Interest Period and 
(ii) the Securityholders in accordance with Condition (q) (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. For the purposes 
of this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
If the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily 
SORA or SARON Compounded, the Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest, each Interest 
Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, 
any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Securities are for the time being listed and 
the Securityholders in accordance with Condition (q) (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination and no later than the Interest Payment Date related to such Interest Period after their 
determination. 
Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date notified in accordance with this Condition 3(c)(vi) 
(Interest on Floating Rate Securities) may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Securities are for the time being listed and to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition (q) (Notices). 
(vii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of the Conditions by the 
Calculation Agent, the Agent, any SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent or any Replacement Rate 
Agent shall (in the absence of wilful misconduct, bad faith and manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Agent, the other Paying Agents, any SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent, any Replacement Rate Agent and all Securityholders and Couponholders and (in the absence 
as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Securityholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the 
Calculation Agent or the Agent or any SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent or any Replacement 
Rate Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
(d) 
Premium 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall pay a premium in respect of the derivative 
element of the Securities. Such premium shall be payable in respect of each Security from the Premium 
Commencement Date either (i) at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Premium 
on its outstanding nominal amount, if applicable, or (ii) in an amount equal to a fixed Premium Amount, such 
premium being payable in arrear on each Premium Payment Date. If so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Rate of Premium or Premium Amount may be different for different Premium Periods. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that, in respect of a Premium Period, the relevant Rate of Premium cannot 
be determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 3(d) (Premium), the Rate of Premium for 
such Premium Period shall be such rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner having regard to comparable benchmarks then available.

--- Page 130 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
130 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest and Premium 
Each Security (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Security, that part only of such Security) will 
cease to pay interest and premium (if any) from the due date for redemption unless payment is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which event interest and premium shall continue to accrue (both before and after 
judgment) in the manner provided in this Condition 3 (Distribution, Interest and Premium) until whichever 
is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Security have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Security 
has been received by any of the Paying Agents or the Registrar, as the case may be, and notice to that 
effect has been given to the Securityholders. 
(f) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations (unless otherwise specified), (i) all percentages resulting from such 
calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
halves being rounded up), (ii) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up) and (iii) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of 
such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the 
nearest yen. For these purposes, “unit” means the lowest transferable amount of such currency. 
(g) 
Calculations of interest and premium 
In respect of Conditions 3(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Securities), 3(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) 
and 3(d) (Premium), the amount of interest or premium payable in respect of any Security for any period 
shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest or Rate of Premium and the outstanding 
nominal amount, if applicable, of such Security by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount or 
Premium Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is specified in respect of such period, in which case the 
amount of interest or premium payable in respect of such Security for such period shall equal such Interest 
Amount or Premium Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). If no nominal amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determine such equivalent amount. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication 
On such date as the Calculation Agent may be required under this Condition 3 (Distribution, Interest and 
Premium) to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, it 
shall determine such rate, calculate such amounts, obtain such quotation or make such determination or 
calculation, as the case may be, and cause the relevant Distribution Payment Amount, Rate of Interest, Interest 
Amount, Rate of Premium and/or Premium Amount, as the case may be, for each Interest Period and Premium 
Period (as applicable) and the relevant Distribution Payment Date, Interest Payment Date and Premium 
Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer (if the Issuer is not the Calculation Agent), each of the Paying 
Agents and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (for so long as the Securities are listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require) or Euronext 
Dublin (for so long as the Securities are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and the rules of 
Euronext Dublin so require), as the case may be, and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition (q) (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable after their determination but in no event later than 
the seventh day thereafter. 
Details of the relevant Distribution Payment Amount, Rate of Interest, Interest Amount, Interest Payment 
Date, Rate of Premium, Premium Amount and/or Premium Payment Date, as the case may be, so notified 
will be made available at the specified office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg for inspection by 
Securityholders and may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements by way of 
adjustment thereto taken). Any such amendment will be notified to the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents and

--- Page 131 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
131 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (for so long as the Securities are listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require) or Euronext 
Dublin (for so long as the Securities are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and the rules of 
Euronext Dublin so require), as the case may be, as soon as reasonably practicable after the determination of 
such amendment and will also be made available at the specified office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg 
for inspection by Securityholders. 
(i) 
Definitions 
Unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means the occurrence of a Non-Approval Event, a Rejection Event or 
a Suspension/Withdrawal Event, in each case being treated as having occurred on the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date. 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event Date” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the date determined by 
the Calculation Agent to be: 
(i) 
in respect of a Non-Approval Event, the date on which the relevant authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval, inclusion in any official register or similar 
regulatory or legal requirement is required under any applicable law or regulation for the continued 
provision and use of such Reference Rate in respect of the Securities or, if such date occurs before the 
Issue Date, the Issue Date; 
(ii) 
in respect of a Rejection Event, the date on which following the rejection or refusal of the relevant 
application for authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, an equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent is not permitted to 
perform its or their respective obligations under the Securities under any applicable law or regulation 
or, if such date occurs before the Issue Date, the Issue Date; and 
(iii) 
in respect of a Suspension/Withdrawal Event, the date on which following (A) the suspension or 
withdrawal by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body of the authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval, or (B) the date on which 
such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate is removed from the 
official register, as applicable, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent is not permitted to perform its or 
their respective obligations under the Securities under any applicable law or regulation or, in each 
case, if such date occurs before the Issue Date, the Issue Date. 
“Aggregate Issue Size” means the aggregate issue size of the Securities set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Aggregate Nominal Amount” means the aggregate nominal amount of the Securities set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate” means, in respect of a Series and a Reference Rate, any 
index, benchmark or other price source which is formally designated, nominated or recommended by: 
(i) 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate, provided that such index, benchmark or other price 
source is substantially the same as the Reference Rate, 
in each case, to replace such Reference Rate. 
If a replacement index, benchmark or other price source is designated, nominated or recommended under 
both paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, then the replacement index, benchmark or other price source designated, 
nominated or recommended under paragraph (i) shall be the Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate.

--- Page 132 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
132 
“Benchmarks Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds. 
“Bankruptcy” means, in respect of any person, that person: 
(i) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(ii) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing its inability generally to 
pay its debts as they become due; 
(iii) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors; 
(iv) 
(A) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by such 
regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (B) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment 
of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding -up or liquidation, and 
such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (A) above, 
and either (I) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or 
the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (II) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained, in each case, within 15 days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(v) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than pursuant to 
a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(vi) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian, or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all of its assets; 
(vii) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all of its assets or has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all of its assets and such secured part maintains possession, or any such process is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case, within 15 days thereof; 
(viii) causes or is subject to any event with respect to which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, 
has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i) to (vii) above; or 
(ix) 
takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of 
the foregoing acts. 
“Business Day” means, in respect of any city, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in that city. 
“Business Day in the Determination City” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (i) on which 
banks in the Determination City specified in the applicable Final Terms are open for business and (ii) that is 
a trading day on the Exchange specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest and/or premium on any 
Security for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period and/or a Premium Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period

--- Page 133 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
133 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(v) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 134 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
134 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (A) that day is 
the last day of February or (B) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (A) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (B) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “Actual/Actual – ICMA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it 
falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; 
where: 
“Determination Date” means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is 
so specified, the Interest Payment Dates and/or Premium Payment Dates; and 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to 
but excluding the next Determination Date. 
“Designated Maturity” means the period set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Determination City” means each of the determination cities specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 135 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
135 
“Distribution Payment Amount” means: 
(i) 
if the Securities are not linked to a Basket, subject to Condition 5(f) (Redemption Disruption Events 
and Cut-off Date), Condition 5(g) (Hedging Disruption Event and Jurisdictional Event), Condition 6 
(Taxation and Costs) and the Applicable Schedule, in respect of a Distribution Payment Date, the pro 
rata share of an amount (if any) representing the cash dividends or other payments (excluding any 
dividends or other payments that lead to an adjustment under the Applicable Schedule) received by 
the Hedge Provider in respect of the Reference Underlyings (or assets constituted thereby) (or would 
be so received if the Hedge Provider held the Reference Underlyings (or assets constituted thereby) 
or pursuant to any Hedging Arrangement on a theoretical hedge), net of any Costs (as defined in 
Condition 6 (Taxation and Costs)) or adjustments as determined by the Calculation Agent, when cash 
dividends or other payments on the Reference Underlyings (or assets constituted thereby) become due 
(as declared by the Reference Entity (as defined in Schedule 1 (Provisions relating to Equity Linked 
Securities)) or the Sponsor (as defined in Schedule 2 (Provisions relating to Index Linked Securities)), 
as the case may be) and are paid in respect of the Reference Underlyings (or assets constituted thereby) 
for the Securities, converted into the Specified Currency (rounded down to the nearest Unit) by the 
Calculation Agent using the prevailing Exchange Rate (as defined in Condition 5 (Redemption and 
Purchase)); or 
(ii) 
if the Securities are linked to a Basket, subject to Condition 5(f) (Redemption Disruption Events and 
Cut-off Date), Condition 5(g) (Hedging Disruption Event and Jurisdictional Event), Condition 6 
(Taxation and Costs) and the Applicable Schedule, in respect of a Distribution Payment Date, the pro 
rata share of an amount (if any) representing the cash dividends or other payments (excluding any 
dividends or other payments that lead to an adjustment under the Applicable Schedule) received by 
the Hedge Provider in respect of any Basket Component (or assets constituted thereby) (or would be 
so received if the Hedge Provider held such Basket Component (or assets constituted thereby) or 
pursuant to any Hedging Arrangement on a theoretical hedge), net of any Costs (as defined in 
Condition 6 (Taxation and Costs)) or adjustments as determined by the Calculation Agent, when cash 
dividends or other payments on such Basket Component (or assets constituted thereby) become due 
(as declared by the relevant Reference Entity (as defined in Schedule 1 (Provisions relating to Equity 
Linked Securities)) or the Sponsor (as defined in Schedule 2 (Provisions relating to Index Linked 
Securities)), as the case may be) and are paid in respect of any such Basket Component (or assets 
constituted thereby) for the Securities, converted into the Specified Currency (rounded down to the 
nearest Unit) by the Calculation Agent using the prevailing Exchange Rate. 
“Distribution Payment Date” means: 
(i) 
if the Securities are not linked to a Basket, any Business Day in the Determination City that falls 
within 14 calendar days of the cash dividends or other payments in respect of the Reference 
Underlying (or assets constituted thereby) (or amounts corresponding to such cash dividends or other 
payments as described above) having been received by the Hedge Provider (or would be so received 
if the Hedge Provider held the Reference Underlying (or assets constituted thereby) or pursuant to any 
Hedging Arrangement on a theoretical hedge), as determined by the relevant Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith; or 
(ii) 
if the Securities are linked to a Basket, any Business Day in the Determination City that falls within 
14 calendar days of the cash dividends or other payments in respect of any Basket Component (or 
assets constituted thereby) (or amounts corresponding to such cash dividends or other payments as 
described above) having been received by the Hedge Provider (or would be so received if the Hedge 
Provider held such Basket Component (or assets constituted thereby) or pursuant to any Hedging 
Arrangement on a theoretical hedge), as determined by the relevant Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith.

--- Page 136 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
136 
“Industry Standard Adjustment” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the spread, formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread or payment (as applicable), that is, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard (or otherwise customarily 
widely adopted) for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference such Reference Rate, which 
recognition or acknowledgment may be in the form of a press release, a member announcement, a member 
advice, letter, protocol, publication of standard terms or otherwise by ISDA or any other industry body. 
“Industry Standard Rate” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the rate that is, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard (or otherwise customarily 
widely adopted) replacement rate for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference such 
Reference Rate, which recognition or acknowledgment may be in the form of a press release, a member 
announcement, a member advice, letter, protocol, publication of standard terms or otherwise by ISDA or any 
other industry body. 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable in respect of a Security on an Interest Payment 
Date as specified in or calculated in accordance with the provisions specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or calculated in accordance with this Condition 3 (Distribution, Interest and Premium). 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Interest Payment Date” means (i) if the Floating Rate Securities provisions are specified to be applicable, 
such date as determined in accordance with Condition 3(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities); or (ii) in 
other cases, each date as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date; provided, however, that, where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily 
SOFR, Compounded Daily SONIA or SARON Compounded, in the case of any Interest Period during which 
any Securities become due and payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date, in respect of such 
Securities that become due and payable only, such Interest Period will end on (but exclude) such date on 
which such Securities become due and payable. 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
“ISDA Benchmark Supplement” means any document published by ISDA to address the requirements 
under the EU Benchmark Regulation which does not automatically supplement the ISDA Definitions. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by ISDA, as amended, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time, or the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions. 
“Margin” means the margin as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Non-Approval Event” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the Calculation Agent 
that one or more of the following events has occurred: 
(i) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in respect 
of such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate is not obtained; 
(ii) 
the Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate is not included in the official 
register; or 
(iii) 
such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate does not fulfil any legal 
or regulatory requirement applicable to the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or such Reference Rate,

--- Page 137 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
137 
in each case, as required under any applicable law or regulation in order for the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent to perform its or their respective obligations under the Securities, provided that a Non-Approval Event 
shall not occur if such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate is not included 
in an official register because its authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision 
or approval is suspended if, at the time of such suspension, the continued provision and use of such Reference 
Rate is permitted in respect of the Securities under the applicable law or regulation. 
“Premium Amount” means the amount of any premium payable in respect of a Security on a Premium 
Payment Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms or calculated in accordance with Condition 3 
(Distribution, Interest and Premium). 
“Premium Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Premium Payment Date” means each Premium Payment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Premium Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Premium Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Premium Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) a Premium Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Premium Payment 
Date. 
“Rate Multiplier” means the rate multiplier as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of a Security as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or calculated in accordance with Condition 3 (Distribution, Interest and 
Premium). 
“Rate of Premium” means the rate of premium payable from time to time in respect of a Security as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate Cessation” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the Calculation 
Agent that one or more of the following events has occurred: 
(i) 
a public statement by either the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate or the 
administrator of the Reference Rate announcing the Bankruptcy of that administrator provided that, 
at the time of such public statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Reference Rate;  
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of such Reference Rate announcing that it has ceased or will 
cease to provide such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
public statement, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Reference 
Rate; 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Reference Rate announcing that such 
Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Reference Rate announcing that such 
Reference Rate may no longer be used, 
provided that, in each case, a Reference Rate Cessation shall only occur if the first day on which such 
Reference Rate is no longer available falls on or before the Maturity Date. 
“Rejection Event” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the Calculation Agent that 
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body has rejected or refused any application for 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, an equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any 
official register which, in each case, is required in relation to such Reference Rate or the administrator of 
such Reference Rate under any applicable law or regulation in order for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
to perform its or their respective obligations under the Securities.

--- Page 138 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
138 
“Relevant Market Data” means, in relation to any determination by the Calculation Agent, any relevant 
information, including, without limitation, one or more of the following types of information: 
(i) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant market supplied by one or more third 
parties, including, without limitation, alternative benchmarks, relevant rates, prices, yields, yield 
curves, volatilities, spreads, correlations or other relevant market data in the relevant market; or 
(ii) 
information of the type described in paragraph (i) above from the Calculation Agent’s internal sources 
if that information is of the same type used by the Issuer for adjustments to, or valuations of, similar 
transactions. 
Third parties supplying market data pursuant to paragraph (i) above may include, without limitation, central 
counterparties, exchanges, dealers in the relevant markets, end-users of the relevant product, information 
vendors, brokers and other recognised sources of market information. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency in which such Reference Rate is denominated or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising such Reference Rate or the 
administrator of such Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (A) the central bank for the 
currency in which such Reference Rate is denominated, (B) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising such Reference Rate or the administrator of such 
Reference Rate, (C) a group of those central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (D) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Suspension/Withdrawal Event” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the 
Calculation Agent that one or more of the following events has occurred: 
(i) 
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or withdraws any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in relation to 
such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate which is required under 
any applicable law or regulation in order for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to perform its or their 
respective obligations under the Securities; or 
(ii) 
such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate is removed from any 
official register where inclusion in such register is required under any applicable law or regulation in 
order for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to perform its or their respective obligations under the 
Securities, 
provided that a Suspension/Withdrawal Event shall not occur if such authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is suspended or where inclusion in any official register is 
withdrawn if, at the time of such suspension or withdrawal, the continued provision and use of such Reference 
Rate is permitted in respect of the Securities under the applicable law or regulation. 
4 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below in this Condition 4 (Payments), payments will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place 
of payment.

--- Page 139 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
139 
(b) 
Payments 
Payments of any principal in respect of each Security will be made against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Security at the specified office of the Registrar 
or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined 
below) of the holder of the Security appearing in the Register at the close of business on the third business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office 
of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. For these purposes, “Designated Account” means 
the account maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and 
“Designated Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency. 
Payments of any distribution, interest or premium in respect of each Security will be made in the manner 
provided in the preceding paragraph by transfer to the Designated Account of the holder of the Security 
appearing in the Register at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a 
business day) before the relevant due date. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the relevant Registrar in respect of any 
payments of any amount payable in respect of the Securities. 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating 
to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Global Securities or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
(c) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Security is not a Payment Day, the holder thereof 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be 
entitled to further payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, “Payment Day” means any day 
(other than Saturday or Sunday) which is a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(i) 
the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
(A) if the Specified Currency is a currency other than euro, Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency; (B) if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, Sydney and Auckland, respectively; or (C) if 
the Specified Currency is euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System or any successor thereto is 
operating, where “TARGET2 System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System; and 
(iii) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
Payments through The Depositary Trust Company 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Rule 144A Global Securities denominated in U.S. dollars will 
be made in accordance with this Condition. Payments of principal and interest in respect of Rule 144A Global 
Securities registered in the name of, or in the name of a nominee for, DTC and denominated in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. dollars will be made or procured to be made by the Paying Agent in the relevant 
Specified Currency in accordance with the following provisions. The amounts in such Specified Currency 
payable by the Paying Agent or its agent to DTC with respect to Rule 144A Global Securities held by DTC 
or its nominee will be received from the Issuer by the Paying Agent who will make payments in such 
Specified Currency by wire transfer of same day funds to the designated bank account in such Specified 
Currency of those DTC participants entitled to receive the relevant payment who have made an irrevocable 
election to DTC, in the case of interest payments, on or prior to the third DTC Business Day after the Record 
Date for the relevant payment of interest and, in the case of principal payments, at least 12 DTC Business

--- Page 140 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
140 
Days prior to the relevant payment date of principal, to receive that payment in such Specified Currency. The 
Paying Agent, after an exchange agent has converted amounts in such Specified Currency into U.S. dollars, 
will deliver such U.S. dollar amount in same day funds to DTC for payment through its settlement system to 
those DTC participants entitled to receive the relevant payment who did not elect to receive such payment in 
such Specified Currency. The Agency Agreement sets out the manner in which such conversions are to be 
made. As used herein, “DTC Business Day” means any day on which DTC is open for business and “Record 
Date” means, in respect of any payment of principal or interest, the fifteenth DTC Business Day before the 
due date for payment thereof. 
5 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, any 
entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under common control 
with the person. For this purpose, “control” of any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the 
voting power of the entity or person or power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies 
of a person, whether by contract or otherwise. 
“Applicable Cut-off Date” means, in respect of a Series and a Reference Rate, the earliest to occur of: 
(i) 
the Specified Date; or 
(ii) 
the date that falls the number of Business Days in the Determination City specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, the sixtieth Business Day in the Determination City following the 
occurrence of the Administrator/Benchmark Event or following the first date on which the Reference 
Rate is no longer available following a Reference Rate Cessation, 
as relevant in respect of the Reference Rate Event. 
“Applicable Schedule” means the Schedule to these Terms and Conditions that is specified to be applicable 
as a result of the classification of the Reference Underlying under “Type of Reference Underlying” in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Basket” has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Schedule. 
“Basket Component” has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Schedule. 
“Disrupted Day” has the meaning given to such term in the Applicable Schedule. 
“Early Redemption Amount” has, subject to Condition 5(f) (Redemption Disruption Events and Cut-off 
Date), Condition 5(g) (Hedging Disruption Event and Jurisdictional Event) and Condition 6 (Taxation and 
Costs), (i) in respect of an early redemption pursuant to Condition 5(c) (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 5(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) or Condition 5(e) (Redemption at the 
option of the Securityholders (Investor Put)), the meaning given to such term in the Applicable Schedule or 
(ii) in respect of an early redemption other than pursuant to Condition 5(c) (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 5(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) or Condition 5(e) (Redemption at the 
option of the Securityholders (Investor Put)), the Fair Market Value. 
“Early Redemption Date” means, subject to Condition 5(f) (Redemption Disruption Events and Cut-off 
Date) and Condition 5(g) (Hedging Disruption Event and Jurisdictional Event), (i) in relation to a redemption 
at the option of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5(c) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 5(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), Condition 5(g) (Hedging Disruption Event and 
Jurisdictional Event), Condition 5(h) (Illegality Event) or the Applicable Schedule, the date falling five 
Business Days after the Notice Date; and (ii) in relation to a redemption at the option of the Securityholder 
pursuant to Condition 5(e) (Redemption at the option of the Securityholders (Investor Put)), the date falling

--- Page 141 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
141 
15 Business Days after the Notice Date, or, in either case, such other date as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Early Redemption Notice” means: 
(i) 
in relation to a redemption at the option of the Securityholder pursuant to Condition 5(e) (Redemption 
at the option of the Securityholders (Investor Put)), a notice in the form obtainable from any of the 
Paying Agents electing that any one or more Securities be redeemed by the Issuer given to the 
Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent in accordance with Condition 5(e) (Redemption at the 
option of the Securityholders (Investor Put)); and 
(ii) 
in relation to a redemption at the option of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5(c) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 5(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), Condition 5(g) 
(Hedging Disruption Event and Jurisdictional Event), Condition 5(h) (Illegality Event) or the 
Applicable Schedule, a notice (if any) required to be given by the Issuer to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition (q) (Notices). 
“Equity Linked Securities” means Securities in respect of which “Single Reference Underlying” or “Basket 
of Reference Underlyings” is specified under “Type of Reference Underlying” in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Exchange Rate” means, in relation to any day, the rate of exchange of the Relevant Currency for the 
Specified Currency (or the effective rate resulting from the application of rates into and out of one or more 
Intermediate Currencies) (expressed as the number of units of the Relevant Currency for which one unit of 
the Specified Currency can be exchanged) as determined by the Calculation Agent to be the prevailing spot 
rate of exchange on such date, by reference to (i) the rates of exchange, if available, obtained by the Hedge 
Provider in exchanging the Relevant Currency obtained (or would be so obtained if the Hedge Provider held 
the Reference Underlyings (or assets constituted thereby) or pursuant to any Hedging Arrangement on a 
theoretical hedge) from selling the relevant Reference Underlyings (or assets constituted thereby) or 
unwinding Hedging Arrangements held directly or indirectly by the Hedge Provider to hedge the Issuer’s 
obligations in respect of the Securities as appropriate or, as the case may be, converting cash dividends or 
other payments paid in respect of such Reference Underlyings (or assets constituted thereby) to or to the 
order of, or otherwise received by, the Hedge Provider (or would be so received if the Hedge Provider held 
the Reference Underlyings (or assets constituted thereby) or pursuant to any Hedging Arrangement on a 
theoretical hedge) for the Relevant Currency and/or (ii) such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall 
decide in good faith provided that, if an FX Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing on any date on 
which the Exchange Rate is to be determined, then such Exchange Rate shall be determined on such factors 
and in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith. 
“Fair Market Value” means, in respect of each Security, an amount in the Specified Currency (rounded 
down to the nearest Unit) equal to the fair market value of such Security immediately prior to such redemption 
(which may be nil) taking into consideration all information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant 
(including, without limitation, the circumstances that resulted in the events causing such redemption) less a 
pro rata share of the cost to the Hedge Provider of unwinding any related Hedging Arrangements (or the cost 
that would be incurred by the Hedge Provider of unwinding any related Hedging Arrangements, if the Hedge 
Provider entered into such Hedging Arrangements) (including, without limitation, selling or otherwise 
realising the relevant Reference Underlyings (or assets constituted thereby)) in relation to the Securities, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that in determining the Fair Market Value in respect of an 
early redemption pursuant to an Illegality Event, the Calculation Agent shall assume such illegality, 
impossibility or impracticality had not occurred. 
“FPI Regulations” means the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) 
Regulations, 2019 (as amended) and any legislation or regulation replacing or supplementing the same and 
guidelines and circulars published by SEBI pursuant thereto as such term may be interpreted and/or applied 
from time to time.

--- Page 142 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
142 
“Final Redemption Amount” has, subject to Condition 5(f) (Redemption Disruption Events and Cut-off 
Date), Condition 5(g) (Hedging Disruption Event and Jurisdictional Event) and Condition 6 (Taxation and 
Costs), the meaning given to such term in the Applicable Schedule. 
“FX Disruption Event” means: 
(i) 
an event in relation to a Reference Underlying Jurisdiction which, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, has the effect of prohibiting, preventing, restricting or materially delaying: 
(A) 
the exchange of the Relevant Currency into the Specified Currency (whether directly or, 
pursuant to any Hedging Arrangements, indirectly by exchange into a third currency (the 
“Intermediate Currency”) and exchange therefrom into the Specified Currency) through 
customary legal channels; or 
(B) 
the exchange of the Relevant Currency or the Intermediate Currency for the Specified Currency 
or the Intermediate Currency at a rate at least as favourable as the rate for domestic institutions 
located in the Reference Underlying Jurisdiction; or 
(C) 
the free and unconditional transferability of the Relevant Currency, the Intermediate Currency 
or the Specified Currency from accounts inside the Reference Underlying Jurisdiction to 
accounts outside the Reference Underlying Jurisdiction; or 
(D) 
the free and unconditional transferability of the Relevant Currency, the Intermediate Currency 
or the Specified Currency between accounts inside the Reference Underlying Jurisdiction or to 
a party that is a non-resident of the Reference Underlying Jurisdiction, 
in each case, as compared to the position on the Trade Date; or 
(ii) 
the imposition by the Reference Underlying Jurisdiction (or any political or regulatory authority 
thereof) of any capital controls, or the publication of any notice of an intention to do so, which the 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith is likely materially to affect the Securities, and notice 
thereof is given by the Issuer to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition (q) (Notices). 
“Hedge Proceeds” means the cash amount constituting the proceeds received by the Hedge Provider in 
respect of any Hedging Arrangements (or would be so received if the Hedge Provider held the Reference 
Underlying (or assets constituted thereby) or pursuant to any Hedging Arrangement on a theoretical hedge), 
subject to a minimum of zero. 
“Hedge Provider” means, in respect of a Hedging Arrangement, the Issuer, the Affiliate or the third party 
counterparty which has entered into such Hedging Arrangement. 
“Hedging Arrangements” means any hedging arrangements entered into by the Issuer (or an Affiliate or 
third party counterparty) at any time to hedge the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Securities, including, 
without limitation the purchase and/or sale of any securities, any shares or units in funds linked to the 
performance of any securities, any options or futures on any securities or any depository receipts in respect 
of any securities and any associated foreign exchange transactions. 
“Hedging Disruption Event” means that, as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(i) 
a Hedge Provider is restricted from taking or is unable to, after using commercially reasonable efforts, 
take any of the following actions: (A) acquiring, establishing, re-establishing, substituting, 
maintaining, unwinding or disposing of any Hedging Arrangements or any other transaction(s) or 
asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Securities; or (B) realising, recovering or remitting the Hedge Proceeds or any 
other proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s); or 
(ii) 
as a result of the implementation by the Reference Underlying Jurisdiction (or any political or 
regulatory authority thereof) of, or the publication of any notice of an intention to implement, any

--- Page 143 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
143 
changes to the laws or regulations relating to foreign investment in the Reference Underlying 
Jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, changes in tax laws and/or laws relating to capital markets 
and corporate ownership), a Hedge Provider’s ability to hedge the Issuer’s obligations in respect of 
the Securities is materially affected. 
Such event may occur as a result of, but not limited to, the redemption, termination or cancellation, if 
applicable, of the relevant Reference Underlyings for any reason (other than, if applicable, the exercise of the 
relevant Reference Underlyings in accordance with their normal terms). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if “China Connect” is specified in relation to any Reference Underlying in the 
relevant Final Terms, for the purposes of this definition, “using commercially reasonable efforts” does not 
include the use of any quota granted to a Hedge Provider or its Affiliates under the Qualified Foreign 
Institutional Investor (“QFII”) or Renminbi Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (“RQFII”) schemes. 
“Illegality Event” means that, as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(i) 
it is, becomes or will become illegal, impossible or impracticable (including, in the case of Securities 
linked to Indian Reference Underlyings, such illegality, impossibility or impracticality occurring by 
virtue of the FPI Regulations) in whole or in part as a result of compliance in good faith with any 
applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, 
administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or interpretation thereof (including, in the 
case of Securities linked to Indian Reference Underlyings, the FPI Regulations) (“applicable law”) 
for the Issuer to enter into or perform its obligations under any Relevant Instruments or for any 
Relevant Instruments to remain outstanding, including where, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
the effect of the applicable law would be to impose any limit on the notional amount of any such 
Relevant Instruments which may be or remain outstanding or to require any or all of such Relevant 
Instruments to be unwound, cancelled, redeemed or terminated; 
(ii) 
in the case of Securities for which “China Connect – ChiNext Shares” is specified in relation to any 
Reference Underlying in the relevant Final Terms, the owner or the beneficial owner of such Securities 
is not or ceases to be an Eligible Investor; or 
(iii) 
any Hedging Arrangements of a Hedge Provider in respect of the Relevant Instruments is, becomes or 
will become illegal, impossible or impracticable in whole or in part as a result of compliance in good 
faith with any applicable law. 
“Index Basket” has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Schedule. 
“Index Basket Component” has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Schedule. 
“Index Linked Securities” means Securities in respect of which “Index” or “Index Basket” is specified 
under “Type of Reference Underlying” in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Intermediate Currency” has the meaning given in the definition of “FX Disruption Event”. 
“Investor Put Cut-off Time” means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Issue Date” means, in respect of any Security, the date of issue of such Security being, in the case of any 
Definitive Security represented initially by a Global Security, the same date as the date of issue of the Global 
Security which initially represented such Security. 
“Issue Price” means the price at which the Securities will be issued as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Jurisdictional Event” means: 
(i) 
any event which occurs, whether of general application or otherwise and which occurs as a result of 
present or future risks in or connected with the Reference Underlying Jurisdiction relating to the 
Securities, including, but not limited to, risks associated with fraud and/or corruption, political risk,

--- Page 144 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
144 
legal uncertainty, imposition of foreign exchange controls or capital controls, changes in laws or 
regulations and changes in the interpretation and/or enforcement of laws and regulations (including, 
without limitation, those relating to taxation) and other legal and/or sovereign risks; 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that a Hedge Provider is not able to buy and/or sell any Reference 
Underlyings related to the Securities via a trading system commonly used within the relevant 
Reference Underlying Jurisdiction for these kind of Reference Underlyings (including, if “China 
Connect” is specified in relation to any Reference Underlying in the relevant Final Terms, the China 
Connect Service) or such trading system fails to calculate and publish the price of any Reference 
Underlyings on a day on which the Calculation Agent determines that such calculation and publication 
was otherwise expected to be made; or 
(iii) 
in relation to Securities in respect of which Saudi Arabia is specified as (in respect of Securities not 
linked to a Basket or an Index Basket) the Reference Underlying Jurisdiction or (in respect of 
Securities linked to a Basket or an Index Basket) a Reference Underlying Jurisdiction in respect of a 
Basket Component or Index Basket Component, the Capital Market Authority (or any successor or 
equivalent body) of Saudi Arabia has requested that any Hedge Provider terminates or otherwise 
modifies any Hedging Arrangements or imposes any qualitative or quantitative limitation or any other 
requirements in relation to any Hedging Arrangements, the Securities, the holders or any document or 
matter in relation thereto, 
and, in the case of (i) and (ii) which has or may have (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the effect of 
reducing or eliminating the value of the Hedge Proceeds at any time. 
“Last Date for Early Redemption” means, subject to Condition 5(f) (Redemption Disruption Events and 
Cut-off Date) and Condition 5(g) (Hedging Disruption Event and Jurisdictional Event), the Valuation Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Maturity Date” means, subject to Condition 5(f) (Redemption Disruption Events and Cut-off Date) and 
Condition 5(g) (Hedging Disruption Event and Jurisdictional Event), the Maturity Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day). 
“Notice Date” means (i) in relation to an early redemption at the option of the Securityholder pursuant to 
Condition 5(e) (Redemption at the option of the Securityholders (Investor Put)), any Business Day in the 
Determination City on which the Issuer receives an Early Redemption Notice in relation to that Security, 
provided that any Early Redemption Notice received by the Issuer after the Investor Put Cut-off Time on any 
Business Day in the Determination City shall be deemed to have been received on the next following Business 
Day in the Determination City or (ii) in relation to an early redemption of a Security at the option of the Issuer 
pursuant to Condition 5(c) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 5(d) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Call)), Condition 5(g) (Hedging Disruption Event and Jurisdictional Event) or Condition 5(h) 
(Illegality Event), any Business Day in the Determination City which is specified in the notice of redemption 
given to Securityholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition (q) (Notices). 
“Offshore Derivative Instruments” means offshore derivative instruments within the meaning of the FPI 
Regulations. 
“Reference Underlying” has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Schedule. 
“Reference Underlying Jurisdiction” has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Schedule. 
“Relevant Currency” means, in respect of a Reference Underlying, the currency for such Reference 
Underlying as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Relevant Instruments” means, in respect of the Securities, such Securities and any other securities, 
instruments or contracts issued or entered into by the Issuer and any of its Affiliates in respect of any

--- Page 145 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
145 
Reference Underlyings of such Securities (and in the case of Indian Reference Underlyings, such securities, 
instruments or contracts which are, or are commonly regarded by SEBI as, Offshore Derivative Instruments). 
“SEBI” means the Securities and Exchange Board of India. 
“Specified Currency” means U.S. dollars, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Specified Denomination” means the denomination of the Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Specified Office” means, in relation to the Issuer, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or any Paying Agent, 
the office specified hereon. 
“Trade Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Unit” means, in relation to any currency, the unit of that currency that is specified hereon. 
“U.S. dollar”, “USD”, “U.S.$” or “US$” each means the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
“Valuation Date” means, subject to Condition 5(f) (Redemption Disruption Events and Cut-off Date) and 
Condition 5(g) (Hedging Disruption Event and Jurisdictional Event), the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, or if there is an early redemption pursuant to Condition 5(c) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 5(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) or Condition 5(e) (Redemption 
at the option of the Securityholders (Investor Put)), the Notice Date, provided that, if any such date is not a 
Business Day in the Determination City, the Valuation Date shall fall on the next following Business Day in 
the Determination City. 
(b) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Security will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, these 
Terms and Conditions and the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity 
Date. Thereafter, the Issuer shall have no further obligations in respect of such Security. 
(c) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Issuer may at any time, having given an Early Redemption Notice to the Securityholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) redeem all, but not part only, of the 
Securities on the Early Redemption Date at the Early Redemption Amount, together with any Interest Amount 
and/or Premium Amount (if applicable) accrued to (but excluding) the Early Redemption Date in the event 
that: (i) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Reference Underlying 
Jurisdiction or any political sub-division of, or any authority in, or of, a Reference Underlying Jurisdiction 
or any change in the application or official interpretation of the laws or regulations of, a Reference Underlying 
Jurisdiction which change becomes effective after the Trade Date (whether or not such change has 
retrospective or retroactive effect), Securityholders become liable to pay tax on capital gains realised on the 
sale or other disposition of Securities in such Reference Underlying Jurisdiction or tax is required to be 
withheld in respect of any payments in respect of the Securities or the relevant Reference Underlyings; or 
(ii) any tax is required to be withheld or is imposed in respect of any payments in respect of any Hedging 
Arrangements entered into, directly or indirectly, by a Hedge Provider. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, upon the Issuer giving to the Securityholders 
an Early Redemption Notice at any time prior to the Last Date for Early Redemption, the Issuer, upon the 
expiry of such notice, will redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, in whole (or in part), such Securities on the Early Redemption Date and at the Early Redemption 
Amount, together with any Interest Amount and/or Premium Amount (if applicable) accrued to (but 
excluding) the Early Redemption Date. Securities may be redeemed under this Condition 5(d) (Redemption

--- Page 146 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
146 
at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) in an amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and 
not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Securityholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, upon the holder of any Security giving to 
the Issuer an Early Redemption Notice at any time prior to the Last Date for Early Redemption, the Issuer, 
upon the expiry of such notice, will redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, in whole (or in part), such Security on the Early Redemption Date and at the Early 
Redemption Amount, together with any Interest Amount and/or Premium Amount (if applicable) accrued to 
(but excluding) the Early Redemption Date. Securities may be redeemed under this Condition 5(e) 
(Redemption at the option of the Securityholders (Investor Put)) in an amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount. 
If the Securities are in definitive form, to exercise the right to require redemption of the Securities, the holder 
of the Securities must deliver such Securities to the specified office of the Registrar at any time during normal 
business hours of such Registrar falling within the notice period, accompanied by a duly completed and 
signed Early Redemption Notice, in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required 
to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 5(e) (Redemption at 
the option of the Securityholders (Investor Put)) and the nominal amount or number of Securities, as the case 
may be, to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount or number of the Securities so surrendered 
is to be redeemed, an address to which the balance of such Securities is to be sent subject to and in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 1 (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer). Any Early Redemption Notice 
given by a holder of any Security pursuant to this Condition 5(e) (Redemption at the option of the 
Securityholders (Investor Put)) shall be irrevocable. 
(f) 
Redemption Disruption Events and Cut-off Date 
(i) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that at any time during the period from (and including) the 
Valuation Date to (but excluding) the date specified to be the Maturity Date or the Early Redemption 
Date (as the case may be) in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in relation to any Equity Linked Securities, the occurrence of an event that falls within sub-
paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Potential Adjustment Event” in respect of which any 
Further Reference Underlying has not yet been delivered to the existing holders of the relevant 
Reference Underlyings; 
(B) 
in relation to any Securities, the occurrence or existence of a Hedging Disruption Event, 
Jurisdictional Event, FX Disruption Event or Disrupted Day; or 
(C) 
any law or regulation is imposed which affects a Hedge Provider’s ability to own, sell or 
transfer any Reference Underlyings (or assets constituted thereby),  
(each, a “Redemption Disruption Event”), the Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably 
practicable notify the holders of the relevant Securities of the occurrence of such Redemption 
Disruption Event, whereupon the provisions of paragraph (ii) shall become applicable. 
(ii) 
Upon the occurrence of a Redemption Disruption Event: 
(A) 
The Maturity Date or the Early Redemption Date (as the case may be) in respect of the relevant 
Securities shall be extended to a date (the “Extended Date”) falling 45 calendar days after the 
original Maturity Date or Early Redemption Date (as the case may be). 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(f)(ii)(A) (Redemption Disruption Events and Cut-off Date) 
and subject to Condition 5(f)(ii)(B) (Redemption Disruption Events and Cut-off Date) below, 
the Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the first Business Day in the Determination City after 
the date on which the Redemption Disruption Event is no longer operating.

--- Page 147 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
147 
(B) 
In the event that a Redemption Disruption Event is still operating on the fourteenth calendar 
day in the Determination City immediately preceding the Extended Date (the “Cut-off Date”), 
then the Valuation Date shall be deemed to be such Cut-off Date, and the Issuer shall redeem 
all, but not part only, of the Securities on the Extended Date at their Final Redemption Amount 
or Early Redemption Amount (as the case may be and as adjusted in accordance with the 
following paragraph), together with any Interest Amount and/or Premium Amount (if 
applicable) accrued to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or Early Redemption Date (as the case 
may be). 
The Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment to the Final Redemption Amount or the 
Early Redemption Amount as it shall determine in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner to take account of the effect of such Redemption Disruption Event on the Hedging 
Arrangements and any difference between the Hedge Proceeds and the amount which, but for 
these provisions, would otherwise be the Final Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption 
Amount and/or the Calculation Agent may make any other amendments to the Conditions 
(without the consent of the Securityholders) to take account of the event. 
The Issuer will use, and will procure that a Hedge Provider uses, commercially reasonable 
endeavours to preserve the value of the Hedge Proceeds, but it shall not be obliged to take any 
measures which it determines to be commercially impracticable. 
(iii) 
Upon the payment of the Final Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, in respect of a Security in accordance with paragraph (ii) above, the Issuer shall have 
discharged all of its obligations in respect of such Security and the Issuer shall have no other liability 
or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof except in the event of a loss resulting directly from the 
fraud, wilful default or gross negligence of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent. 
(g) 
Hedging Disruption Event and Jurisdictional Event 
(i) 
Upon the occurrence of a Hedging Disruption Event or a Jurisdictional Event, as the case may be, the 
Issuer may, but is not obliged to, give notice to Securityholders in accordance with Condition (q) 
(Notices) of the occurrence of such Hedging Disruption Event or Jurisdictional Event, as the case may 
be, stating whether the Issuer has elected to: 
(A) 
suspend its obligations in respect of the Securities to such date as notified by the Issuer; 
(B) 
make adjustments to the terms and conditions of the Securities; or 
(C) 
by giving an Early Redemption Notice to the Securityholders, redeem the Securities in 
accordance with this Condition 5(g) (Hedging Disruption Event and Jurisdictional Event). 
(ii) 
If the Issuer elects to suspend its obligations in respect of the Securities in accordance with Condition 
5(g)(i)(A) above, such obligations shall be suspended up until such date as notified by the Issuer to 
the Securityholders. In the event that such date shall not have been notified before the date which falls 
45 calendar days after the Maturity Date, the Securities shall be redeemed pursuant to Condition 
5(g)(iv). If the Issuer has elected to suspend its obligations pursuant to the foregoing, the Issuer shall 
nevertheless retain the right at any time prior to the date which falls 45 calendar days after the Maturity 
Date to redeem the Securities pursuant to Condition 5(g)(iv) (Hedging Disruption Event and 
Jurisdictional Event) by giving an Early Redemption Notice to the Securityholders. 
(iii) 
If the Issuer elects to make adjustments to the terms and conditions of the Securities in accordance 
with Condition 5(g)(i)(B) (Hedging Disruption Event and Jurisdictional Event) above, the Calculation 
Agent shall make such adjustment to the Final Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount 
as it shall determine in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to take account of the 
effect of such Hedging Disruption Event or Jurisdictional Event on the Hedging Arrangements and 
any difference between the Hedge Proceeds and the amount which, but for these provisions, would

--- Page 148 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
148 
otherwise be the Final Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount and/or the Calculation 
Agent may make any other amendments to the Conditions (without the consent of the Securityholders) 
to take account of the event. The Issuer will use, and will procure that a Hedge Provider uses, 
commercially reasonable endeavours to preserve the value of the Hedge Proceeds, but it shall not be 
obliged to take any measures which it determines to be commercially impracticable. 
(iv) 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Securities as aforesaid (or upon expiry of the 45-day period referred 
to in Condition 5(g)(ii) (Hedging Disruption Event and Jurisdictional Event)), the Issuer shall redeem 
all, but not part only, of the Securities on the Early Redemption Date at the Early Redemption Amount, 
together with any Interest Amount and/or Premium Amount (if applicable) accrued to (but excluding) 
the Early Redemption Date. 
(v) 
If an event or circumstance which would constitute a Hedging Disruption Event or Jurisdiction Event 
also constitutes a Redemption Disruption Event, it will be treated as a Redemption Disruption Event 
and this Condition 5(g) (Hedging Disruption Event and Jurisdictional Event) shall not apply to such 
event or circumstance. 
(h) 
Illegality Event 
Upon the occurrence of an Illegality Event, the Issuer may, but is not obliged to, redeem the Securities at any 
time prior to maturity by giving an Early Redemption Notice to the Securityholders. The Issuer shall, if and 
to the extent permitted by applicable law and having given an Early Redemption Notice to the 
Securityholders, redeem all, but not part only, of the Securities on the Early Redemption Date at the Early 
Redemption Amount, together with any Interest Amount and/or Premium Amount (if applicable) accrued to 
(but excluding) the Early Redemption Date. 
(i) 
Further Securities in lieu of payment of Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount 
The Issuer may, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, in lieu of payment of the Final Redemption Amount 
or Early Redemption Amount, redeem each Security by issuing further Securities (“Further Securities”) to 
the Securityholders. Further Securities issued pursuant to this Condition 5(i) may be issued to the 
Securityholders at an issue price as determined by the Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall, in accordance with 
Condition (q) (Notices), notify the Securityholders as soon as reasonably practicable prior to the Maturity 
Date or the Early Redemption Date, as the case may be, of this method of settlement and the details relating 
to the issuance of Further Securities (including, but not limited to, the issue price of Further Securities and 
the date of the issuance of such Further Securities). 
The Issuer may issue Further Securities on a date as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole and 
absolute discretion. 
If the Securityholder holds more than one Security, the number of Securities held by such Securityholder may 
be aggregated for the purposes of determining the number of Further Securities to be issued to such 
Securityholder pursuant to this Condition 5(i). 
If the Issuer issues any Further Securities, no Securityholder will be obliged to purchase such Further 
Securities but if such Further Securities are not purchased pursuant to the relevant terms of offer, the Issuer 
shall have no further obligations to the relevant Securityholder in respect of its Securities. 
If “Delivery of Further Securities in lieu of Final Redemption Amount at the option of the Issuer” and/or 
“Delivery of Further Securities in lieu of Early Redemption Amount at the option of the Issuer” is specified 
as “Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms, the U.S. tax treatment of such Further Securities shall be the 
same as that for the Securities as outlined in the section of this Base Prospectus below entitled “Taxation”. 
(j) 
Determinations 
All determinations made by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent pursuant to this Condition 5 (Redemption 
and Purchase) shall be conclusive and binding on the Securityholders and the Issuer. No Securityholder will

--- Page 149 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
149 
be entitled to any compensation from the Issuer or the Calculation Agent for any loss suffered as a result of 
the occurrence of an event described in Condition 5(c) (Redemption for tax reasons), a Redemption 
Disruption Event, a Hedging Disruption Event, a Jurisdictional Event, an Illegality Event or any other event 
that entitles the Issuer to redeem the Securities early. For the purposes of these Conditions, if an event can 
constitute more than one of such events, the Calculation Agent shall have absolute discretion to determine 
which of these events such event constitutes. 
(k) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its Affiliates may at any time purchase Securities at any price in the open market or 
otherwise. Such Securities may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any 
Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
(l) 
Cancellation 
All Securities which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled. All Securities so cancelled and the Securities 
purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph (k) above cannot be reissued or resold. 
(m) 
Exercise Rights of the Securities 
This Condition 5(m) shall apply only to each Series of Securities in respect of which “Exercise Rights” is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Subject to the Issuer’s right to reject any Exercise Notice as set out below, Securityholders may, at any time 
during the Exercise Period, exercise their rights under the Securities to subscribe for New Securities. In order 
to subscribe for the New Securities, a Securityholder shall follow the procedures as set out in this Condition 
5(m). 
The right of a Securityholder to subscribe for New Securities is called the ‘‘Exercise Right’’. Subject to and 
upon compliance with the provisions of this Condition 5(m) and provided that the Security remains 
outstanding, the Exercise Right attaching to any Security may be exercised, at the option of the holder thereof, 
at any time on or after the Exercise Period. An Exercise Right may be exercised in respect of one or more 
Securities. 
To exercise the Exercise Right attaching to any Security, the holder thereof must, at any time during the 
Exercise Period, complete, execute and deposit at his own expense at the office of the Issuer a notice of 
exercise (an “Exercise Notice”) substantially in the form as set out in Annex 1 (Form of Exercise Notice) 
herein, together with the relevant Certificate(s) (if applicable) and pay the Exercise Amount to the Issuer 
within three Business Days of notification by the Issuer. By submitting an Exercise Notice to the Issuer during 
the Exercise Period, the Securityholder has agreed to exercise its rights to subscribe for the New Securities 
on the date of the Exercise Notice (the “Exercise Date”) and pay the Exercise Amount to the Issuer within 
three Business Days of notification by the Issuer. Subject to the Issuer’s right to reject an Exercise Notice 
from a Securityholder, the Security(ies) to which the Exercise Notice relates shall be deemed to be terminated 
at zero on the Exercise Date. Any Exercise Notice given by a Securityholder pursuant to this Condition 5(m) 
shall be irrevocable. 
Subject to the Issuer’s right to reject any Exercise Notice as set out in this Condition 5(m), upon receipt by 
the Issuer from the Securityholder: (a) an Exercise Notice during the Exercise Period; (b) the Exercise 
Amount in respect of the Exercise Notice; and (c) the relevant Certificate(s) (if applicable), the Issuer shall, 
as soon as reasonably practicable following the issue of shares in accordance with terms of the Reference 
Underlying, issue the New Securities to such holder. The Issue Price per Security of the New Securities shall 
be the New Issue Price and the New Securities shall be delivered to the relevant Securityholder free of 
payment.

--- Page 150 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
150 
Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Condition 5(m), the Issuer shall, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, have the right to reject any Exercise Rights exercised, or Exercise Notice submitted, by a 
Securityholder. 
For the purposes of the above: 
“Exercise Amount” means an amount in the Specified Currency for the exercise of the Exercise Right, as 
determined by the Issuer in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner and as communicated to the 
Securityholders from time to time. 
“Exercise Notice” means a notice in the form of the exercise notice set out in Annex 1 (Form of Exercise 
Notice). 
“Exercise Period” means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“New Issue Price” means the price specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, as determined by the 
Issuer in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner and as communicated to the Securityholders from 
time to time. 
“New Security” means, in respect of the Exercise Right of a Security, the new Participation Security issued 
by the Issuer under the Programme for the issue of Underlying-linked Securities and pursuant to the Base 
Prospectus linked to such number of shares which the Hedge Provider would have received if it were to 
exercise the right in respect of one Reference Underlying for the subscription of shares during the Exercise 
Period. 
For the purpose of the Securities subject to this Condition 5(m), sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of 
“Reference Underlying” in Schedule 1 (Provisions relating to Equity Linked Securities) to the Terms and 
Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus shall include subscription rights that are specified in the Final 
Terms relating to the rights issue in respect of the shares of the Reference Entity. 
6 
TAXATION AND COSTS 
(a) 
Payments by Issuer subject to tax and other costs on Security 
The Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment 
which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, presentation and surrender for payment, or enforcement 
of any Security and all payments made by the Issuer shall be made subject to any such tax, duty, withholding 
or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. 
(b) 
Payments by Issuer subject to tax and other costs incurred by Hedge Provider 
All payments by the Issuer in respect of the Securities will be made after deduction of any commissions, 
costs, fees, charges, expenses, duties, taxes (including, but not limited to, any capital gains tax or withholding 
tax), levies, registration fees, custodial fees, or other fees or charges, whatsoever incurred by a Hedge 
Provider (or which would be incurred by a Hedge Provider if it held the relevant Reference Underlyings (or 
assets constituted thereby)) (together, the “Costs”) as a result of, or in connection with, (i) the holding and/or 
sale and/or realisation of the relevant Reference Underlyings (or assets constituted thereby) or (ii) entering 
into and/or unwinding any relevant Hedging Arrangements. 
Each Security will be subject to a proportionate share of any Costs. 
(c) 
Charge on redemption of PRC Share Security and PRC Index Security 
The Issuer shall include a charge on the redemption of any PRC Property Share Security or PRC Property 
Index Security equal to the product of the relevant Applicable Tax Rate and the Net Gain (“Provisional 
Hedging Cost”), being an estimate of the PRC Tax to a Hedge Provider. However, should there be a 
clarification to the effect that any PRC Taxes will be exempted by the State Administration of Taxation for 
any such PRC Share Security or PRC Index Security, then the corresponding portion of the Provisional

--- Page 151 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
151 
Hedging Cost will not be withheld while such exemption is effective. Such Provisional Hedging Cost shall 
be deducted from the amount payable by the Issuer on redemption of the Securities. 
No Securityholder will be entitled to any tax credit associated with the PRC Tax. 
(d) 
Adjustment 
As soon as reasonably practicable upon the occurrence of a PRC Tax Decision, the Calculation Agent shall 
make such adjustments as it may deem appropriate to the calculation of the Provisional Hedging Cost as set 
out in Condition 6(c) (Charge on redemption of PRC Share Security and PRC Index Security) above on the 
basis of the consequence of the PRC Tax Decision going forward. 
Any adjustments made under this Condition 6(d) (Adjustment) shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition (q) (Notices). 
(e) 
Rebalancing 
If the PRC Tax Decision occurs prior to the PRC Tax Cut Off Date and the PRC Tax Decision applies 
retrospectively from any time after the Issue Date, as soon as reasonably practicable after the occurrence of 
the PRC Tax Decision, the Calculation Agent shall make a comparison of: 
(i) 
the PRC Tax properly payable by the Issuer and/or the Hedge Provider in respect of the relevant PRC 
Share Security and/or PRC Index Security pursuant to the PRC Tax Decision (taking into account, 
without limitation, the scope of the PRC Tax Decision and the applicable rate at which the PRC Tax 
is payable); and 
(ii) 
the Provisional Hedging Cost deducted pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Charge on redemption of PRC 
Share Security and PRC Index Security) above (before any adjustment pursuant to Condition 6(d) 
(Adjustment)), 
and a balancing payment of the difference will be due from the Issuer to the Securityholder at the time the 
comparison is made or vice versa. 
To the extent the Provisional Hedging Cost made in respect of the relevant PRC Share Security and PRC 
Index Security exceeds PRC Tax properly payable by the Issuer and/or a Hedge Provider and therefore a 
balancing payment is due from the Issuer to the Securityholder, such payment will be settled on the next 
payment date (if any) scheduled under the Terms and Conditions and the applicable Final Terms of the 
Security. 
To the extent the PRC Tax properly payable by the Issuer and/or a Hedge Provider exceeds the Provisional 
Hedging Cost made in respect of the relevant PRC Share Security and PRC Index Security and therefore a 
balancing payment is due from the Securityholder to the Issuer, the Issuer shall deduct an amount which 
equals such excess from the amount payable on redemption of the Securities until such excess has been offset 
in full. 
No adjustment shall be made if the PRC Tax Decision occurs after the PRC Tax Cut Off Date or prior to the 
PRC Tax Cut Off Date but does not apply retrospectively from any time after the Issue Date. 
(f) 
Dividend 
Where a cash or non-cash dividend is declared or other corporate action occurs in respect of a PRC Share 
Security (or the Reference Entity in respect of such PRC Share Security) or a PRC Index Security, the 
Calculation Agent may make such adjustments as it deems fit to the Terms and Conditions or applicable Final 
Terms of such Security, which adjustments shall take into account any actual or potential tax liability which 
does or may arise in respect of the applicable dividend or other corporate action (as the case may be). 
Any adjustments and determinations made under this Condition 6(f) (Dividend) shall be notified to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition (q) (Notices).

--- Page 152 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
152 
For the purposes of Condition 6(c) (Charge on redemption of PRC Share Security and PRC Index Security), 
Condition 6(d) (Adjustment), Condition 6(e) (Rebalancing) and this Condition 6(f) (Dividend), the following 
terms shall have the following meanings: 
“Applicable Tax Rate” means, in respect of a PRC Share Security and a PRC Index Security, the applicable 
statutory rate of the PRC Tax. In case the rate of any of such taxes is not expressly announced or confirmed 
by the State Administration of Taxation, it shall be in line with the one commonly applied or recognised by 
similarly affected market participants as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Final Reference Level” means, in respect of a PRC Share Security and a PRC Index Security, the price per 
Reference Underlying or PRC Share which is a constituent asset of such Reference Underlying, as applicable 
(net of Costs), converted into the Specified Currency using the RMB/USD exchange rate prevailing with 
respect to the settlement date(s) of such Reference Underlyings or PRC Shares or Hedging Arrangements 
sold, unwound or otherwise realised by a Hedge Provider or such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine as used by the Calculation Agent as appropriate in computing the Final Redemption Amount or 
Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, payable by the Issuer upon redemption of such Security. 
“Final RMB Reference Level” means, in respect of a PRC Share Security and a PRC Index Security, the 
RMB price per Reference Underlying or PRC Share which is a constituent asset of such Reference 
Underlying, as applicable (net of Costs), used by the Calculation Agent as appropriate in computing the Final 
Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, payable by the Issuer upon 
redemption of such Security. 
“Initial Reference Level” means, in respect of a PRC Share Security and a PRC Index Security, the price 
per Reference Underlying or PRC Share which is a constituent asset of such Reference Underlying, as 
applicable (net of Costs), converted into the Specified Currency using the RMB/USD exchange rate 
prevailing with respect to the settlement date(s) of such Reference Underlyings or PRC Shares or Hedging 
Arrangements entered into by a Hedge Provider or such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
as used by the Calculation Agent as appropriate in computing the amount payable by the Securityholder for 
the subscription of the Security. 
“Initial RMB Reference Level” means, in respect of a PRC Share Security and a PRC Index Security, the 
RMB price per Reference Underlying or PRC Share which is a constituent asset of such Reference 
Underlying, as applicable (net of Costs), used by the Calculation Agent as appropriate in computing the 
amount payable by the Securityholder for the subscription of the Security. 
“Net Gain” means: 
(i) 
in respect of each PRC Share Security, an amount which equals the greater of: 
(A) 
any excess of the Final Reference Level over the Initial Reference Level of the PRC Share 
Security; and 
(B) 
any excess of the Final RMB Reference Level over the Initial RMB Reference Level of the 
PRC Share Security converted into the Specified Currency using the RMB/USD exchange rate 
prevailing at the time of determination of the Final Redemption Amount or the Early 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
multiplied by the relevant Number of Reference Underlyings or Number of Basket Component 
Reference Underlyings, as the case may be, in respect of that Security; and 
(ii) 
in respect of each PRC Index Security, an amount which equals the greater of: 
(A) 
any excess of the Final Reference Level over the Initial Reference Level of the PRC Index 
Security; and

--- Page 153 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
153 
(B) 
any excess of the Final RMB Reference Level over the Initial RMB Reference Level of the 
PRC Index Security converted into the Specified Currency using the RMB/USD exchange rate 
prevailing at the time of determination of the Final Redemption Amount or the Early 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
multiplied by such factor as determined by the Calculation Agent to be representative of the holding 
of the relevant PRC Share as part of the Hedging Arrangements for the Issuer’s obligations under the 
PRC Index Security. 
When computing any Net Gain in respect of any PRC Share Security or PRC Index Security with different 
Initial Reference Levels or Initial RMB Reference Levels, as the case may be, such method of calculation as 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be appropriate will be applied. 
“Number of Basket Component Reference Underlyings” has the meaning given to it in the Applicable 
Schedule. 
“Number of Reference Underlyings” has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Schedule. 
“PRC” means The People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan). 
“PRC Index” means an index whose constituent assets comprise one or more PRC Shares. 
“PRC Index Basket” means a basket of PRC Indices. 
“PRC Index Security” means any Security for which the Reference Underlying is a PRC Index or a PRC 
Index Basket and in respect of which the Hedging Arrangements involve the acquisition of a PRC Share 
which is a constituent asset of the PRC Index or PRC Index Basket. 
“PRC Property Index Security” means any Security for which the Reference Underlying(s) are one or more 
PRC Indices or PRC Index Baskets and in respect of which the Hedging Arrangements involve the acquisition 
of PRC Property Share(s) which are a constituent asset of any such PRC Index or PRC Index Basket. 
“PRC Property Share” means, in respect of a PRC Property Share Security or a PRC Property Index 
Security, a constituent stock of the SSE Real Estate Index (Bloomberg ticker “SHPROP”) at the time of 
determination of the Final Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be. 
“PRC Property Share Security” means any Security for which the Reference Underlying(s) are PRC 
Property Share(s) and in respect of which Hedging Arrangements involve the acquisition of such PRC 
Property Share(s). 
“PRC Shares” means securities listed on any PRC stock exchanges or securities issued by an issuer 
incorporated in the PRC and listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. 
“PRC Share Security” means any Security for which the Reference Underlying(s) is/are PRC Share(s) and 
in respect of which Hedging Arrangements involve the acquisition of such PRC Share(s). 
“PRC Tax” means all present, future or contingent taxes on income, gain or profit or other similar taxes 
(however described) which may be imposed by the PRC tax authorities directly or indirectly on the Issuer 
and/or a Hedge Provider with respect to the PRC Share Securities or PRC Index Securities. 
“PRC Tax Cut Off Date” means, in respect of a PRC Share Security or a PRC Index Security, the date which 
falls seven years after: 
(i) 
the day the final Valuation Period of such Security ends; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Security is redeemed prior to the Maturity Date, the Early Redemption Date. 
“PRC Tax Decision” means the implementation of the tax legislation published by any relevant tax authority 
in the PRC relating to the PRC Tax payable by the Issuer or a Hedge Provider for dealing in PRC Shares,

--- Page 154 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
154 
including the applicability of the Hong Kong/PRC Double Tax Agreement as accepted by the relevant tax 
authority in the PRC, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“RMB” means the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China. 
(g) 
Payment of Local Taxes, Unpaid Local Taxes or Excess Local Taxes: India 
(i) 
In its determinations of any amounts payable under an Indian Note, the Securityholder acknowledges 
and agrees that the Issuer or its associates/affiliates will, in its sole discretion, calculate and determine 
the amount of, take into account the implication of, and adjust for, any applicable Indian Local Taxes 
(including, without limitation and for the avoidance of doubt, any Unpaid Indian Local Taxes and 
Excess Indian Local Taxes, each as defined below) taking into account, inter alia, compliance with 
all applicable laws, rules, regulations and governmental or regulatory guidance (whether publicly 
available or otherwise). 
(ii) 
If any amount of Indian Local Taxes (“Unpaid Indian Local Taxes”) that should have been taken 
into account but were not taken into account in the determination of (i) any amounts payable by the 
Issuer or its associates/affiliates and (ii) any Potential Adjustment Events or Extraordinary Events, as 
the case may be, the Securityholder shall pay to the Issuer or its associates/affiliates an amount, as 
determined by the Issuer or its associates/affiliates, equal to such Unpaid Indian Local Taxes on the 
Business Day in the Determination City following notification from the Issuer or its 
associates/affiliates; or if any excess amount of Unpaid Indian Local Taxes (“Excess Indian Local 
Taxes”) that should not have been taken into account but were taken into account in the determination 
of (i) any amounts payable by the Issuer or its associates/affiliates and (ii) any Potential Adjustment 
Events or Extraordinary Events, as the case may be, the Issuer or its associates/affiliates shall pay to 
the Securityholder an amount, as determined by the Issuer or its associates/affiliates, equal to such 
Excess Indian Local Taxes on the Business Day in the Determination City following notification from 
the Issuer or its associates/affiliates. 
(iii) 
The Securityholder indemnifies, defends and holds harmless the Issuer or its associates/affiliates and 
its officers, directors, employees, agents and authorised representatives in full and on demand (i) in 
an amount equal to such Unpaid Indian Local Taxes which are not paid on the Business Day in the 
Determination City following notification from the Issuer or its associates/affiliates regardless of 
whether the Indian Notes have been assigned, unwound or terminated on or before the date of such 
demand, and (ii) as well as any resultant losses, liabilities, damages, demands, expenses (including 
interests and penalties with respect thereto, out-of-pocket expenses and reasonable attorneys’ and 
accountant’s fees), claims, assessments, interest and penalties, based upon or, arising out of, or in 
relation to or in connection with the Indian Notes. 
(iv) 
If the Securityholder does not pay any Unpaid Indian Local Taxes in accordance with this Condition 
6(g) (Payment of Local Taxes, Unpaid Local Taxes or Excess Local Taxes: India), the Securityholder 
agrees that the Issuer or its associates/affiliates may, at the sole discretion of the Issuer or its 
associates/affiliates and without prior notice to the Securityholder, set-off such Unpaid Indian Local 
Taxes against any other amount(s) under the relevant master purchase agreement (whether or not 
arising under an Indian Note and whether or not arising at such time or in the future or upon the 
occurrence of a contingency or not otherwise contemplated or addressed in the Indian Notes) due from 
the Issuer or its associates/affiliates to the Securityholder or any of its affiliates, regardless of the place 
of payment, booking branch/location/office or currency of either amount. In the event of any Excess 
Indian Local Taxes due from the Issuer or its associates/affiliates to the Securityholder, the Issuer or 
its associates/affiliates shall be entitled to set-off such amount against any amount(s) (whether or not 
arising under an Indian Note and whether or not arising at such time or in the future or upon the 
occurrence of a contingency or not otherwise contemplated or addressed in the Indian Notes) due from 
the Securityholder or its affiliates to the Issuer or its associates/affiliates.

--- Page 155 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
155 
(v) 
The Securityholder acknowledges that the Issuer or its associates/affiliates and/or its hedging 
counterparty may effectively be subject to actual local taxes which could be greater or lesser than the 
sum of payments received by the Issuer or its associates/affiliates from the Securityholder in 
connection with Indian Local Taxes. The Securityholder agrees that it shall have no claim nor right 
with respect to the difference between the actual amount of local taxes that the Issuer or its 
associates/affiliates and/or its hedging counterparty were subject to and the amount in connection with 
Indian Local Taxes paid by the Securityholder. 
(vi) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(g) (Payment of Local Taxes, Unpaid Local Taxes or Excess Local 
Taxes: India), the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
“Applicable Hedge Positions” means, at any time, Hedging Arrangements that the Issuer or its 
associates/affiliates determines that a Hypothetical Investor, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, would consider necessary to hedge the relevant Indian Note at that time. 
“Hypothetical Investor” means a hypothetical institutional investor not resident in (a) India; or (b) a 
jurisdiction where any refund, credit or any other benefit, exemption or reduction in relation to any 
Indian Local Taxes may arise under an applicable tax treaty or any relevant laws or arrangements. 
“Indian Notes” means all notes which are offshore derivative instruments (“ODIs”) as defined under 
the FPI Regulations. 
“Indian Local Taxes” means all forms of taxes, cesses, imposts, demands, liabilities, duties, levies, 
assessments, whether direct or indirect, whether central, state or local including taxes on income, 
withholding tax, capital gains tax, minimum alternate tax, service tax, stamp duty, fees of any nature 
and similar charges (in each case, including interest and penalties thereon), imposed at any time by 
the taxing authority in India that would be withheld from or paid or otherwise incurred by a 
Hypothetical Investor in connection with any Applicable Hedge Positions. 
The provisions of this Condition 6(g) (Payment of Local Taxes, Unpaid Local Taxes or Excess Local Taxes: 
India) shall apply and remain in full force and effect and shall survive the termination of the Indian Notes. 
(h) 
Payment of Provisional Hedging Cost: Pakistan 
(i) 
The Issuer or its associates/affiliates shall include a charge on the termination of a Pakistan Note equal 
to 12.5 per cent. of the Net Gain (if applicable) (“Provisional Hedging Cost”), being an estimate of 
the Tax to the Issuer or its associates/affiliates or its hedge provider. Such Provisional Hedging Cost 
shall be deducted from any amount payable by the Issuer or its associates/affiliates to the 
Securityholder on such termination. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if there is no Net Gain in respect 
of a Pakistan Note, no Provisional Hedging Cost shall be imposed on the termination of such Pakistan 
Note and (ii) if the Issuer or its associates/affiliates determine in their sole and absolute discretion that 
any Net Gain may be set off by prior losses incurred in respect of any Reference Underlying, a reduced 
amount (which may be more than or equal to zero) of Provisional Hedging Cost shall be imposed on 
the termination of such Pakistan Note. 
(ii) 
Where a cash or non-cash dividend is declared or other corporate action occurs in respect of the 
Reference Underlying of a Pakistan Note (or the issuer thereof), the Issuer or its associates/affiliates 
may make such adjustments as it deems fit to the terms of the Pakistan Notes in respect of such affected 
Reference Underlying, which adjustments shall take into account any actual or potential tax liability 
which does or may arise in respect of the applicable dividend or other corporate action (as the case 
may be). 
(iii) 
The Securityholder is not entitled to any tax credit associated with the Tax. 
(iv) 
The Securityholder is aware and acknowledges that Pakistani tax authorities may at any time, even 
subsequent to a Pakistan Note maturing or being terminated, impose withholding, capital gains,

--- Page 156 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
156 
income, business or other taxes on or in respect of investments held, purchased, acquired, whether 
directly or indirectly, actually or synthetically with respect to such Pakistan Note (“Tax Liability”), 
and the parties to a Pakistan Note may be affected as a result. 
(v) 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, in the event that a Tax Liability is imposed at any time in respect 
of any Pakistan Note, whether or not such Pakistan Note has previously matured or been terminated 
and regardless of the date on which such Tax Liability is imposed, it agrees that it shall indemnify the 
Issuer and its nominated affiliate and keep them indemnified against any and all losses, claims, 
payments and expenses caused by or arising from such Tax Liability suffered or incurred by the Issuer 
or its nominated affiliate. 
(vi) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(h) (Payment of Provisional Hedging Cost: Pakistan): 
“Final Reference Level” means the PKR price used by the Issuer in computing the payout under a 
Pakistan Note. 
“Initial Reference Level” means the PKR price used by the Issuer in pricing a Pakistan Note at the 
time that Pakistan Note was issued. 
“Net Gain” means, in respect of each Pakistan Note, any excess of the Final Reference Level over the 
Initial Reference Level of the Reference Underlying multiplied by the quantity of Reference 
Underlying in respect of that Pakistan Note. When computing Net Gain in respect of any Reference 
Underlying with different Initial Reference Levels, “first-in first-out” method of calculation will be 
applied. 
“Pakistan Notes” means all notes linked to reference securities listed in Pakistani stock exchanges. 
“PKR” means the lawful currency of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan. 
“Tax” means all present, future or contingent taxes on income, gain or profit or other similar taxes 
(however described), including, without limitation, any capital gains and/or business taxes) which 
may be imposed by the Pakistani tax authorities directly or indirectly on the Issuer or its 
associates/affiliates or its hedge provider in respect of any dealing in Pakistan securities. 
7 
REPRESENTATIONS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS 
BY PURCHASING THE SECURITIES, EACH SECURITYHOLDER (AND EACH BENEFICIAL OWNER OF 
THE SECURITIES (IF DIFFERENT FROM THE SECURITYHOLDER)) REPRESENTS AND CONFIRMS 
THAT ALL OF THE FOLLOWING STATEMENTS WITH RESPECT TO IT ARE TRUE AND CORRECT ON 
THE ISSUE DATE OF THE SECURITIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ISSUER HAS RELIED ON 
SUCH CONFIRMATION AND UNDERSTANDING IN ISSUING THE SECURITIES. FOR THE PURPOSES OF 
THIS CONDITION 7, A “SECURITYHOLDER” INCLUDES THE BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THE 
SECURITY, IF THE BENEFICIAL OWNER IS NOT THE LEGAL HOLDER OF THE SECURITY. 
(a) 
The Securityholder is a sophisticated institutional investor and has such knowledge and experience in 
financial and business matters and expertise in assessing credit, operational and market risk, that it is capable 
of evaluating merits, risks and suitability of investing in the Securities and that it is relying exclusively on its 
own sources of information and analysis with respect to the Securities, the Reference Underlyings and the 
Reference Underlying Jurisdictions and/or all other relevant persons or entities existing in such jurisdictions. 
(b) 
The Securityholder has made its own decision to invest in the Securities and has itself been, and will at all 
times continue to be, solely responsible for making its own independent appraisal of and investigation into 
the business, financial condition, prospects, creditworthiness, status and affairs of the Issuer and of the 
Reference Underlyings, and the legal, financial, tax, accounting and other evaluations of the merits and the 
risks, including the suitability, of investing in the Securities and is not relying on the views or the advice of 
the Issuer, any other Hedge Provider or any of their respective Affiliates in that regard.

--- Page 157 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
157 
(c) 
The Securityholder’s purchase of the Securities (i) is fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and 
condition, (ii) complies with and is fully consistent with all investment guidelines, investment restrictions, 
investment objectives and strategies, financial circumstances or constitutional or other restrictions applicable 
to it or any applicable law or regulation of the jurisdiction of incorporation of each relevant Reference Entity 
and in which each such Relevant Entity is listed or traded, and (iii) is a fit, proper and suitable investment for 
it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Securities. 
(d) 
The Securityholder is duly authorised and has full power and capacity to purchase the Securities and in doing 
so will not violate any applicable law, rules, regulation, judicial or administrative order, or contractual 
provision (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any disclosure requirements imposed by any governmental 
or regulatory authority) to which it is subject or to which it is a party. 
(e) 
The Securityholder has not relied, and will not at any time rely, on the Issuer or any other Affiliate of the 
Issuer in connection with its determination as to the legality of its purchase of the Securities or as to the other 
matters referred to in paragraph (d) above, or to provide it with any information relating to, or to keep under 
review on its behalf, the business, financial condition, prospects, creditworthiness and status of affairs of the 
entities to which the Reference Underlyings relate or to conduct any investigation or due diligence into such 
entities. 
(f) 
In issuing this Security, the Issuer is not making, and has not made, any representations whatsoever as to the 
Reference Underlyings (or assets constituted thereby) or any information contained in any document filed in 
respect of such Reference Underlyings with any exchange or with any governmental entity regulating the 
purchase and sale of securities or such Reference Underlyings (or assets constituted thereby). 
(g) 
The Issuer and any Affiliate of the Issuer may, whether by virtue of the types of relationships described above 
or otherwise, at the date hereof or at any time hereafter be in possession of information in relation to the 
entity or entities to which the Reference Underlyings relate which is or may be material in the context of the 
Securities and which is or may not be known to the general public or the Securityholder. The Securities do 
not create any obligation on the part of the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer to disclose to the holder any 
such relationship or information (whether or not confidential) and neither the Issuer nor any other Affiliate 
of the Issuer shall be liable to the Securityholder by reason of such non-disclosure. 
(h) 
The Securityholder is purchasing the Securities either as principal for its own account or in its capacity as 
manager of a fund, in either case for investment purposes and not with a view to, or for resale in connection 
with, any distribution or any disposition thereof, and no other person has or will have a direct or indirect 
beneficial interest in the Securities (other than by virtue of such person’s direct or indirect beneficial interest 
in the Securityholder). 
(i) 
Having been sent a term sheet with respect to the Securities on or prior to the Issue Date, the initial 
Securityholder has read the term sheet and, having been given an opportunity to comment on the term sheet, 
it understands the terms and conditions of the Securities and, in particular, that the Securities may be 
redeemed at an amount (which may be less than par) and will be net of Costs and it bears the risk of imitations 
on title and of forged certificates on title in respect of the Reference Underlyings (or assets constituted 
thereby), and it shall be bound by and deemed to have notice of the terms and conditions of the Securities. 
(j) 
The Issuer and its Affiliates are actively engaged in financial services businesses globally and may in the 
course of such businesses have, or develop, business relationships with third parties, including the entities to 
which the Reference Underlyings relate (including, without limitation, lending, depositary, risk management, 
advisory and banking relationships). They may also, amongst other things, be members of and/or have an 
ownership interest in an exchange or other venue on which securities are traded, make markets in securities, 
buy or sell securities on a principal or proprietary basis and/or take direct or indirect interests in securities, 
including such Reference Underlyings (or assets constituted thereby), whether by way of security interest or 
otherwise. In acting in these capacities, the Issuer and/or its Affiliates may at the date hereof or at any time 
hereafter have or acquire non-public information with respect to such Reference Underlyings (or assets

--- Page 158 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
158 
constituted thereby) and/or the entities to which such Reference Underlyings relate that is or may be material 
in the context of the Securities, which will not be provided to Securityholders. In addition, the interests of the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates may conflict with the interests of the Securityholders and the Issuer reserves the 
right to take such actions as it considers necessary or appropriate (including, without limitation, any sale, 
disposal or enforcement of security of or over such Reference Underlyings (or assets constituted thereby)) to 
protect its interests without regard to the consequences for the Securityholders. 
(k) 
All payments by the Issuer in respect of the Securities will be made subject to any tax, duty, withholding or 
other payment and after deduction of any Costs, all as provided in Condition 6 (Taxation and Costs). 
(l) 
Selling restrictions 
(i) 
Australia. The Securityholder acknowledges that no prospectus or other disclosure document (as 
defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (the “Australian Corporations Act”) in relation to 
the Securities has been, or will be, lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission 
(“ASIC”) or the ASX Limited (“ASX”) (or any successor thereto) or any other regulatory body or 
agency in Australia. 
This Prospectus is not a product disclosure statement, prospectus or other type of disclosure document 
for the purposes of the Australian Corporations Act. Any offer or invitation is only an offer or 
invitation to make offers where the offer or invitation does not need disclosure to investors under Part 
7.9 or Chapter 6D.2 of the Australian Corporations Act. No offer or application made following receipt 
of this Prospectus will be considered unless the offer or invitation does not need disclosure to investors 
under Part 7.9 or Chapter 6D.2 of the Act. 
The Securityholder represents and agrees that, unless the relevant final terms (or a relevant supplement 
to this Prospectus) otherwise provides, it: 
(A) 
has not made or invited, and will not make or invite, an offer of the Securities for issue, 
purchase or sale within, to or from Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received 
by a person in Australia); and 
(B) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, this Prospectus or any other 
offering material or advertisement relating to the Securities in Australia, 
unless: 
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree is at least A$500,000 (or its 
equivalent in an alternative currency, in either case, disregarding moneys lent by the 
offeror or its associates) or the offer or invitation does not otherwise require disclosure 
to investors under Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Australian Corporations Act; 
(ii) 
the offer or invitation does not constitute an offer to a “retail client” for the purposes of 
section 761G and 761GA of the Australian Corporations Act; 
(iii) 
such action complies with any applicable laws, regulations and directives (including, 
without limitation, the licensing requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Australian 
Corporations Act) in Australia; and 
(iv) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or the ASX (or any 
successor thereto) or any other regulatory body or agency in Australia. 
Credit Suisse AG does not provide any tax advice; investors should seek their own independent 
tax advice regarding any tax consequences related to this product before making an investment 
decision. 
Credit Suisse International (“CSI”) is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and 
regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority under UK

--- Page 159 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
159 
laws which differ from Australian laws. CSI does not hold an Australian Financial Services 
License (“AFSL”) and is exempt from the requirement to hold an AFSL under the Australian 
Corporations Act in respect of providing financial services. 
(ii) 
Dubai International Financial Centre. The Securityholder acknowledges and understands that: (i) 
the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the “DFSA”) has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying 
any documents in connection with Exempt Offers (as defined in the Markets Rules Module of the 
DFSA Rulebook), (ii) the DFSA has not approved this Prospectus nor taken steps to verify the 
information set out in it, and has no responsibility for it, (iii) the Securities to which this Prospectus 
relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale and (iv) prospective purchasers of 
the Securities offered should conduct their own due diligence on the Securities. 
The Securityholder represents and agrees that if it does not understand the contents of this Prospectus 
it will consult an authorised financial adviser. 
The Securityholder represents and agrees that it has not offered, and undertakes that it will not offer, 
the Securities to any person in the Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is: 
(A) 
an “Exempt Offer” in accordance with the Markets Rules Module of the DFSA Rulebook; and 
(B) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the 
Conduct of Business Module of the DFSA Rulebook.  
(iii) 
Egypt. The Securityholder acknowledges that this Base Prospectus is strictly private and confidential 
and is being distributed to a limited number of investors. The Securityholder represents that it has not 
provided this Base Prospectus to any other person and has not reproduced or used it for any other 
purpose. The Securityholder undertakes that it will not provide this Base Prospectus to any other 
person and will not use it for any purpose other than for the purposes contemplated in this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Securityholder agrees and acknowledges that: (i) the Securities described in this Base Prospectus 
have not been, and are not being, publicly offered, sold, promoted or advertised in Egypt, (ii) this 
document does not constitute a public offer of securities in Egypt and is not intended to be a public 
offer of the Securities described in this Base Prospectus or the Reference Underlying in Egypt and is 
not intended to constitute a solicitation or inducement for the public to buy or subscribe in any of the 
Securities described in this Base Prospectus or the Reference Underlying described herein and (iii) 
neither the Securities described in this Base Prospectus nor this document has been reviewed, filed or 
registered with the Egyptian Financial Regulatory Authority or other relevant authorities in Egypt. 
(iv) 
European Economic Area (Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation). 
The Securityholder acknowledges that, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic 
Area (the “EEA”), no Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto shall be offered or will be offered to the 
public in that Member State except that such Securities may be offered to the public in that Member 
State: 
(A) 
at any time, to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time, to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,

--- Page 160 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
160 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Securities to the public” in relation to 
any Securities in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities and the expression “Prospectus 
Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
(v) 
European Economic Area (Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors). The Securityholder 
represents and agrees that it is not a retail investor in the EEA and that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in 
relation thereto to a retail investor in the EEA. 
For purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) (as amended, “MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation for offering or selling 
the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
(vi) 
Hong Kong. The Securityholder represents and agrees that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer 
or sell, in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Securities (except for Securities which are a 
“structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the 
“SFO”)) other than (1) to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under 
the SFO, or (2) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as 
defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong 
Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O. 
The Securityholder represents and agrees that it has not issued, or had in its possession for the purposes 
of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong 
or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Securities, which is directed 
at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if 
permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Securities which 
are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional 
investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
(vii) 
India. No application has been submitted or will be submitted, nor any registration has been or will 
be sought, by or on behalf of the Issuer to or from any of the Indian governmental or regulatory

--- Page 161 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
161 
authorities in connection with the advertising, offer, distribution or sale of the Securities in or from 
India and the Issuer does not intend to or will, directly or indirectly, advertise, offer, distribute or sell 
the Securities to persons resident in India (as such term is defined in the Foreign Exchange 
Management Act, 1999 and the Income-tax Act, 1961 (“IT Act”), as may be amended or supplemented 
from time to time). The Securities may not be advertised, offered, distributed or sold, directly or 
indirectly, to persons resident in India, except under circumstances that will result in or require 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
(or any communication in relation to the Securities, including any Final Terms) or any Securities may 
come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. The Securities may not be 
purchased by persons resident in India and purchase of the Securities by such persons are subject to 
legal and regulatory restrictions. 
Neither this Base Prospectus (or any communication in relation to the Securities, including any Final 
Terms) nor any copy thereof may be sent, taken into or distributed in India or to any person resident 
in India. 
It should be noted that if the Securities are deemed to be Offshore Derivative Instruments (“ODIs”) 
by virtue of being linked to any Indian Reference Underlying (for the purposes of this paragraph (vii), 
“Indian Reference Underlyings” means the securities held by the Issuer or any of its Affiliates that 
are listed or proposed to be listed on any recognised stock exchange in India and/or as otherwise may 
be specified by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) from time to time), the 
provisions in paragraphs (a) to (r) below shall also apply: 
(a) 
The Securityholder is a person; (i) registered as a Category I foreign portfolio investor; or (ii) 
eligible for registration as a Category I foreign portfolio investor (in terms of the FPI 
Regulations); or (iii) an entity that has an investment manager from a Financial Action Task 
Force member country, and such investment manager has undertaken the responsibility of all 
the acts of commission or omission of the Securityholder as set out in the Regulation 21 of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019, as 
amended from time to time, and notifications, circulars, rules and guidelines of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India issued from time to time (collectively referred to as the “FPI 
Regulations”); 
(b) 
The Securityholder confirms that it will procure its nominees or associates/affiliates to 
promptly provide the Issuer and/or any of its associates/Affiliates (as the case may be) with 
such additional information that the Issuer and/or any of its associates/Affiliates reasonably 
deems necessary or appropriate in order to comply with regulations or requests of any relevant 
governmental or regulatory authority from time to time. It hereby consents to the collection 
and processing of its or any of its nominees’, associates’ and affiliates’ (as the case may be) 
personal information and/or sensitive personal information (including, without limitation, the 
following data categories: name, last name, date and place of birth, address, national 
identification number and information on such persons’ “Indian Resident”, “Non-Resident 
Indian” and “Overseas Citizen of India” status, in relation to any procedures on identification 
and verification of identity and which may indicate ethnic origin and nationality information) 
(“Personal Information”) and the provision of such Personal Information to any relevant 
governmental or regulatory authority for the purpose of complying with FPI Regulations or 
requests of any relevant governmental or regulatory authority from time to time. If the 
Securityholder: 
(i) 
would like to raise questions about the collection and use of Personal Information by 
the Issuer and/or any of its associates/affiliates (as the case maybe); 
(ii) 
wishes to exercise its potential rights regarding access to the data, and/or correction 
rights; or

--- Page 162 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
162 
(iii) 
withdraws its consent to the collection and processing of Personal Information, 
it shall inform the Issuer and/or any of its associates/affiliates (as the case may be) by sending 
a request to the following address: dataaccesstransfer.crossborder@credit-suisse.com. The 
Issuer and/or any of its associates/affiliates (as the case may be) will respond to such request 
by the timeframe specified in any applicable law, or otherwise within a reasonable time; 
(c) 
The Securityholder confirms that it will provide such information and documents (including in 
relation to any procedures on identification and verification of identity) in relation to its 
beneficial owners (who are natural persons who ultimately own or control a foreign portfolio 
investor and should be identified in accordance with Rule 9 of the Prevention of Money-
laundering (Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005 (“PML Rules”) and the relevant provisions 
of the FPI Regulations, each as supplemented, amended and modified from time to time) (as 
may be requested by the Issuer and/or any of its associates/Affiliates (as the case may be)). 
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the Securityholder confirms and agrees 
that it will promptly notify the Issuer and/or any of its associates/Affiliates (as the case may be) 
whenever a person or beneficiary which includes, but is not limited to, the below can be 
identified or in the case of any change from the previous notification by the Securityholder to 
the Issuer and/or any of its associates/Affiliates (as the case may be), and further provide such 
information and documents as required by the Issuer and/or any of its associates/Affiliates (as 
the case may be) promptly upon request (including in relation to any procedures on 
identification and verification of the identity of such person or beneficiary and the beneficial 
owner of such person or beneficiary): 
(i) 
where the Securityholder is a company, person(s) who, whether acting alone or together, 
or through one or more persons, have a controlling ownership interest (which term shall 
have the same meaning as set out in Explanation 1 to clause (a) of sub rule (3) of Rule 
9 of the PML Rules, which as of the date of this Base Prospectus, means ownership of 
or entitlement to more than 25 per cent. of shares or capital or profits of the company) 
or exercises control (which includes the right to appoint majority of the directors or to 
control the management or policy decisions exercisable by a person or persons acting 
individually or in concert, directly or indirectly, including by virtue of shareholding or 
management rights or shareholders agreements or voting agreements or in any other 
manner) through other means; 
(ii) 
where the Securityholder is a trust, beneficiaries/persons exercising effective control 
with 15 per cent. or more interest in the trust, along with information and documents, if 
required, on the author of the trust and the trustee; 
(iii) 
where the Securityholder is a partnership firm, a person who, whether acting alone or 
together, or through one or more persons, has ownership of or entitlement to more than 
15 per cent. of capital or profits of the partnership (where the Securityholder has a 
General Partner/Limited Partnership structure, identification of the beneficial 
ownership will be on the ownership or entitlement basis and control basis); and 
(iv) 
where the Securityholder is an unincorporated association or a body of individuals, a 
person who, whether acting alone or together, or through one or more persons, has 
ownership of or entitlement to more than 15 per cent. of the property or capital or profits 
of such association or body of individuals. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in case of investment by any fund, sub-fund, share class or similar 
structure, the information required to be provided under this sub-paragraph (c) shall extend to 
the specific fund, sub-fund, share class, or portfolio, or any other similar structure, investing in 
India.

--- Page 163 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
163 
Where (a) no material shareholder or beneficial owner is identified by applying the thresholds 
set out in paragraph (c) immediately above; or (b) at any time a material shareholder or 
beneficial owner previously identified pursuant to paragraph (c) immediately above falls below 
the relevant thresholds, the Securityholder will (I) in the case of paragraph (b) above only, 
promptly notify the Issuer and/or any of its associates/Affiliates (as the case may be); and (II) 
in the case of both paragraphs (a) and (b), promptly provide such information and documents 
(including in relation to any procedures on identification and verification of identity) as may 
be requested by the Issuer and/or any of its associates/Affiliates (as the case may be) including 
in relation to the natural person who holds the position of senior managing official of the 
Securityholder (for identification as beneficial owner, “senior managing official” shall mean 
an individual, as designated by the Securityholder, who holds a senior management position 
and makes key decisions relating to the Securityholder), the investment manager or the 
investment adviser or the person controlling investments of the Securityholder, or, the person 
who controls the operations of the Securityholder, and promptly notify the Issuer and/or any of 
its associates/Affiliates (as the case may be) in the case of any change in relation to the person 
holding such position or controlling the operations; 
(d) 
The Securityholder agrees that in respect of Securityholders coming from high risk 
jurisdictions (as designated by the Issuer at its own discretion) the materiality threshold set out 
above for the identification of beneficial ownership may be reduced to 10 per cent. For the 
purposes of this paragraph (d), “high risk jurisdiction” is as described at paragraph 2.2.4(g) of 
SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/DOP/CIR/P/2019/113 dated 15th October 2019 
viz., inter alia, “places where existence or effectiveness of action against money laundering or 
terror financing is suspect, intermediaries apart from being guided by the Financial Action 
Task Force (FATF) statements that inter alia identify such countries or geographic areas that 
do not or insufficiently apply the FATF Recommendations, published by the FATF on its website 
(www.fatf-gafi.org) from time to time, shall also independently access and consider other 
publicly available information along with any other information which they may have access 
to”; 
(e) 
The Securityholder confirms that it meets the eligibility criteria as set out in Regulation 4 of 
FPI Regulations, including but not limited to: 
(i) 
That the Securityholder is not (a) an “Indian Resident”, (b) a “Non-resident Indian” or 
(c) an “Overseas Citizen of India” (each of (a), (b) and (c), a “Restricted Entity”). 
For the purposes of this paragraph (E)(i): 
“Indian Resident” means a Person resident in India as described in section 2(v) of the 
Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 (“FEMA”), which, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, includes: 
(1) 
a person residing in India for more than one hundred and eighty-two days during 
the course of the preceding financial year but does not include: 
1. 
a person who has gone out of India or who stays outside India, in either 
case, (I) for or on taking up employment outside India, (II) for carrying 
on outside India a business or vocation outside India, or (III) for any other 
purpose, in such circumstances as would indicate his intention to stay 
outside India for an uncertain period; and 
2. 
a person who has come to or stays in India, in either case, otherwise than 
(I) for or on taking up employment in India, (II) for carrying on in India 
a business or vocation in India, or (III) for any other purpose, in such

--- Page 164 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
164 
circumstances as would indicate his intention to stay in India for an 
uncertain period; 
(2) 
any person or body corporate registered or incorporated in India; 
(3) 
an office, branch or agency in India owned or controlled by a person resident 
outside India; 
(4) 
an office, branch or agency outside India owned or controlled by a person 
resident in India, 
for the purposes of this definition, “person resident outside India” shall have the 
meaning given to such term in Section 2(w) of the FEMA which, as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, means a person who is not resident in India; 
“Non-Resident Indian” has the meaning given to such term under rule 2 of the Foreign 
Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019 which, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, means an individual resident outside India who is a citizen of India; 
“Overseas Citizen of India” has the meaning given to such term under rule 2 of the 
Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019, which, as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, means an individual resident outside India who is 
registered as an Overseas Citizen of India Cardholder under Section 7(A) of the 
Citizenship Act, 1955; 
“Person” has the meaning given to it in Section 2(u) of the FEMA, which, as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, includes, (i) an individual, (ii) a Hindu Undivided Family, 
(iii) a company, (iv) a firm, (v) an association of persons or a body of individuals, 
whether incorporated or not, (vi) every artificial juridical person, not falling within any 
of the preceding clauses, and (vii) any agency, office or branch owned or controlled by 
such person; and 
(ii) 
The Securityholder is not a person/entity wherein: 
(1) 
Contribution of a single Restricted Entity is 25 per cent. or above of the total 
contribution in the corpus of the Securityholder; or 
(2) 
Aggregate contribution of Restricted Entities is 50 per cent. or above of the total 
contribution in the corpus of the Securityholder; or 
(3) 
A Restricted Entity is in control of the Securityholder, except where: 
(A) 
the Securityholder is an “offshore fund” for which a no-objection 
certificate has been provided by SEBI in terms of Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996; or 
(B) 
the Securityholder is controlled by investment managers (which are 
controlled and/or owned by Restricted Entity) who are either (I) 
Appropriately Regulated in their home jurisdiction and registered with 
SEBI as a non-investing foreign portfolio investor; or (II) incorporated or 
setup under Indian laws and appropriately registered with SEBI. 
In the case of paragraphs (1) and (2) above, the contribution of resident Indian 
individuals is permitted if made through the Liberalised Remittance Scheme approved 
by the Reserve Bank of India in global funds whose Indian exposure is less than 50 per 
cent.

--- Page 165 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
165 
Provided that that Indian Resident (other than an individual) may be constituent of a 
Securityholder subject to such Securityholder confirming that: (i) such Indian Resident 
(other than Individual) is its fund manager as per section 9A(4) of the IT Act; (ii) such 
Securityholder is an eligible investment fund in terms of section 9A(3) of the IT Act 
and has obtained approval from Central Board of Direct Taxes under the Income Tax 
Rules, 1962 and (iii) said fund manager and Securityholder are compliant with 
conditions applicable to it under inter alia section 9A of the IT Act read with rules and 
guidelines prescribed in connection therewith. 
For the purposes of this paragraph (E)(ii): 
“Appropriately Regulated” is defined in Regulation 2(1)(b) of the FPI Regulations, 
which, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, means a person regulated by the securities 
market regulator or the banking regulator of home jurisdiction or otherwise, in the same 
capacity in which it proposes to make investments in India; 
“control” includes the right to appoint majority of the directors or to control the 
management or policy decisions exercisable by a person or persons acting individually 
or in concert, directly or indirectly, including by virtue of their shareholding or 
management rights or shareholders agreements or voting agreements or in any other 
manner; and 
an “investment manager” means an entity performing the role of investment 
management, or any equivalent role, including trustee. 
(iii) 
That the Securityholder, as well as their underlying investor(s) contributing 25 per cent. 
or more of the corpus or identified on the basis of control, is not: 
(1) 
mentioned in the Sanctions List notified by the United Nations Security Council; 
or  
(2) 
resident of a country identified in the public statement of Financial Action Task 
Force as: 
(A) 
a jurisdiction having a strategic Anti-Money Laundering or Combating 
the Financing of Terrorism deficiencies to which counter measures apply; 
or 
(B) 
a jurisdiction that has not made sufficient progress in addressing the 
deficiencies or has not committed to an action plan developed with the 
Financial Action Task Force to address the deficiencies; 
(iv) 
That the Securityholder: 
(1) 
is a resident of a country whose securities market regulator is a signatory to 
International 
Organization 
of 
Securities 
Commission’s 
Multilateral 
Memorandum of Understanding (Appendix A Signatories) or a signatory to 
bilateral Memorandum of Understanding with SEBI (which term shall mean a 
Bilateral Memorandum of Understanding between SEBI and the overseas 
regulator that, inter alia, provides for information sharing arrangements under 
Section 11(2)(ib) of the SEBI Act, 1992) or, in the case of a Securityholder being 
a Government or Government related investor, a resident of a country otherwise 
approved by the Government of India for the purposes of registration of foreign 
portfolio investors; 
(2) 
where the Securityholder is a bank, is a resident of a country whose central bank 
is a member of Bank for International Settlements, or is a central bank;

--- Page 166 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
166 
For the purpose of paragraphs (E)(iii) and (E)(iv), “resident” may be determined on the 
basis of paragraph 2(i) under Part A of the Operational Guidelines for FPIs, and 
Designated Depository Participants issued by SEBI on 5th November 2019 
(“Operational Guidelines”),22 which states that residency status may be ascertained 
from the place of incorporation/establishment through appropriate document or 
information such as any identification/registration document issued by applicable 
regulator or the Income Tax authority; 
(3) 
is a fit and proper person based on the criteria specified in Schedule II of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Intermediaries) Regulations, 2008; 
(f) 
The Securityholder confirms that the Securities are being purchased and will be held by the 
Securityholder as a principal for its own account and not as an agent, nominee, trustee or 
representative of any other person/entity and that the Securityholder has not entered into any 
agreement or arrangement for the issuances of back-to-back ODIs against the Securities. For 
the purposes of this paragraph (f), “back-to-back ODIs” shall not include any ODI issued by 
a Securityholder who is a foreign portfolio investor and has disclosed the terms and parties to 
such back-to-back ODI in the form and manner prescribed by the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India pursuant to the FPI Regulations (in particular under Regulation 21(3) of the FPI 
Regulations). Also, in terms of the explanation to Regulation 21(1)(b), where an entity has an 
investment manager who is from the Financial Action Task Force member country, the 
investment manager shall not be required to be registered as a Category I foreign portfolio 
investor; 
(g) 
The Securityholder confirms that the Securityholder is not purchasing the Securities with the 
intent of circumventing or otherwise avoiding any requirements applicable under any laws 
applicable in India (including, without limitation, the FPI Regulations and any restrictions with 
respect to subscriptions, issuances and/or other dealings of or in ODIs, directly or indirectly, 
by entities not being eligible to issue, subscribe to, deal in or otherwise be involved in ODIs, 
or laws governing dealing in the securities market, including the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices relating to Securities 
Markets) Regulations, 2003 and Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial 
Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, each as amended from time to time, 
together with any modifications thereto or re-enactments thereof); 
(h) 
The Securityholder confirms that it will ensure that investment (including, synthetically 
through ODIs) by the Securityholder, whether directly in its own name as a foreign portfolio 
investor or as an ODI subscriber, or by entities in the Investor Group to which the 
Securityholder belongs, in equity shares of an Indian company is below 10 per cent. of the total 
paid-up equity capital of the company on a fully diluted basis and the Securityholder shall 
provide information in this regard to the Issuer, as and when and in such form and manner as 
may be required. 
 
22 In addition to the applicable Operational Guidelines, SEBI, on 1st October 2020, had issued a circular in relation to “Framework for monitoring of 
foreign holding in Depository Receipts” (“DR Circular”). The DR Circular is applicable to FPIs and foreign depositories, whereby all FPIs are 
required to inter alia fulfil their obligations in terms of reporting to their designated depository participant, providing the details of (a) other FPIs 
forming part of the same investor group; and (b) ODI subscribers and/or Depository Receipt holders having common ownership, directly or 
indirectly, of more than fifty percent or on the basis of common control. Further, a FPI has to be identified to be appointed as a nodal entity which 
will be required to fulfil its reporting obligations to its domestic custodian. However, the DR Circular is presently kept in abeyance by SEBI.

--- Page 167 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
167 
For the purposes of this paragraph (h), “Investor Group” is defined under Regulation 22(3) of 
the FPI Regulations read with paragraph 1 under Part C of the Operational Guidelines, which, 
as of the date of this Base Prospectus, shall include: 
(i) 
in case of individual investors, the individual and his/her relatives, within the meaning 
of Section 2(77) of the Companies Act, 2013 (as on the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Section 2(77) of the Companies Act, 2013 defines “relative”, with reference to any 
person, as anyone who is related to another, if: 
(1) 
they are members of a Hindu Undivided Family; 
(2) 
they are husband and wife; or 
(3) 
one person is related to the other in such manner as may be prescribed); and 
(ii) 
in case of other investors, all such entities having common ownership, directly or 
indirectly, of more than 50 per cent. or common control. 
For the purpose of this paragraph (h)(ii) “common control” shall not be considered 
where (a) the Securityholder is an Appropriately Regulated public retail fund; (b) the 
investors in the Securityholder are public retail funds majority owned by Appropriately 
Regulated public retail funds on a look-through basis; (c) the Securityholder is a public 
retail fund and the investment managers of the fund are Appropriately Regulated. For 
the purpose of the foregoing, a public retail fund is defined under Explanation to 
Regulation 22(4)(c) of the FPI Regulations to mean: (I) mutual funds or unit trusts 
which are open for subscription to retail investors and which do not have specific 
investor type requirements like accredited investors; (II) insurance companies where 
segregated portfolio with one to one correlation with a single investor is not maintained; 
and (III) pension funds; 
For the purpose of the foregoing, “Appropriately Regulated” is defined in Regulation 
2(1)(b) of the FPI Regulations, which, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, means a 
person regulated by the securities market regulator or the banking regulator of home 
jurisdiction or otherwise, in the same capacity in which it proposes to make investments 
in India; 
(i) 
The Securityholder confirms that purchase of the Securities by the Securityholder does not 
violate any applicable laws (including, without limitation, any legislations, rules, regulations, 
notifications, circulars or guidelines), or, any orders or directives, which may be issued from 
time to time, including in relation to the eligibility and permissibility of the Securityholder to 
purchase the Securities; 
(j) 
The Securityholder confirms that it shall not, and shall ensure that none of its respective 
nominees, associates or affiliates shall sell, transfer, assign, novate or otherwise dispose of any 
Securities or any interest in any Securities to, or enter into any agreement or arrangement for 
the issuance of back-to-back ODIs against the Securities or enter into an agreement or 
arrangement with respect to any of the foregoing (each, a “Transfer”) with, any person/entity 
which is not eligible to, directly or indirectly, issue, subscribe to, deal in or otherwise be 
involved in ODIs. Save for any Transfer(s) to an Approved Entity or Pre-Approved Transferee 
pursuant to the paragraph below, prior to any Transfer being undertaken in respect of any 
Security:

--- Page 168 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
168 
(i) 
the prior written consent of the Issuer and/or the Issuer’s associates/affiliates shall be 
obtained by the Securityholder; and 
(1) 
the Securityholder shall issue a written notice (a “Transfer Notice”) to the Issuer 
in such form as the Issuer may determine for the purpose of obtaining such prior 
written consent; and 
(2) 
the Issuer and/or its associates/affiliates shall have absolute discretion in 
granting or withholding such prior written consent; 
(ii) 
upon receipt of the Transfer Notice, the Issuer, its associates and affiliates shall have the 
right to require the person/entity to whom the Transfer is proposed to be made 
(“Proposed Transferee”) to provide, and the Securityholder shall procure that the 
Proposed Transferee promptly provides the Issuer or its associates/affiliates (as the case 
may be) with all such information that the Issuer or its associates/affiliates (as the case 
may be) may require with respect to its or their client on-boarding programme, policies 
or procedures, anti-money laundering programme, or other such programme (as the case 
may be) (collectively, “Client Identification Programme”); and 
(iii) 
the Proposed Transferee shall issue a written undertaking (“Transferee Undertaking”) 
to the Issuer in such form as the Issuer or its associates/affiliates may determine. 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is clarified that this paragraph (j) shall not apply: (a) in 
the event the Transfer is pursuant to buy-back or redemption of the Securities to and by 
the Issuer or its associates/affiliates, or (b) to the registration on behalf of the 
Securityholder in the name of any custodian, sub-custodian or nominee. Further, a 
Proposed Transferee who has obtained the written consent of the Issuer or that of its 
associates/affiliates in respect of a Transfer pursuant to this paragraph (j) shall for the 
purposes hereof hereafter constitute a “Pre-Approved Transferee”; 
(k) 
The Securityholder confirms that in the case where the Securityholder or its nominees, 
associates or affiliates sell, transfer, assign, novate or otherwise dispose of any Securities, or 
any interest in any Securities, to, or enter into any back-to-back ODI or enter into an agreement 
or arrangement with respect to any of the foregoing with, an Approved Entity (described as 
such under the relevant master purchase agreement) (an “Approved Entity”) or a Pre-
Approved Transferee (each, an “Approved Entity/Pre-Approved Transferee Transfer”), the 
Securityholder shall issue a written notice to the Issuer in such form as the Issuer may 
determine within two (2) Business Days after the Approved Entity/Pre-Approved Transferee 
Transfer. 
For the purposes of paragraph (j) above and this paragraph (k), a “back–to-back ODI” shall 
not include the issue of any ODI by a Securityholder who is a foreign portfolio investor and 
makes monthly or periodic disclosure of Securities to the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India and will disclose the terms and parties to such back–to-back ODI in the form and manner 
prescribed by the Securities and Exchange Board of India pursuant to the FPI Regulations (in 
particular under Regulation 21(3) of the FPI Regulations); 
(l) 
The Securityholder confirms that in the case where the Securityholder changes investment 
managers/advisers/sub-managers/sub-advisers (each, an “Manager/Adviser Transfer”), the 
Securityholder shall issue a written notice to the Issuer in such form as the Issuer may 
determine 30 Business Days prior to the Manager/Adviser Transfer; 
(m) 
The Securityholder confirms that the Issuer and its associates/affiliates are authorised to 
provide information in their possession regarding the Securityholder, each Proposed 
Transferee, the nominees or associates/affiliates of the Securityholder and/or each Proposed

--- Page 169 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
169 
Transferee, each Security and any breach of the terms of paragraphs (a) to (r) herein to any 
Indian governmental or regulatory authorities (each an “Authority”) as the Issuer or its 
associates/affiliates reasonably deems necessary or appropriate in order to comply with 
regulations or requests of such Authority from time to time, including, but not limited to, 
disclosures in periodic reportings made by the Issuer or its associates/affiliates to any 
Authority; 
(n) 
The Securityholder confirms that the Issuer and/or its associates/affiliates may, to the extent 
required to comply with applicable laws, regulations, notifications, circulars, rules, guidelines, 
clarifications, directions, orders and/or decrees issued by a governmental or regulatory 
authority, issue a written notice to the Securityholder, unilaterally amending the terms of 
paragraphs (a) to (r) herein and such written notice shall be effective and deemed agreed and 
accepted by the Securityholder when issued; 
(o) 
The Securityholder acknowledges that non-compliance with, or breach, violation or 
contravention of, any terms or obligations under this Base Prospectus (including, without 
limitation, any restrictions with respect to a Transfer) (“ODI Holder Obligations”) may result 
in non-compliance with, or breach, violation or contravention of, applicable laws, rules, 
regulations, governmental orders or directions, or in regulatory sanctions or other actions 
against the Issuer and/or its associates/affiliates and may cause irreparable harm to the Issuer 
and/or its associates/affiliates. Accordingly, each Securityholder further acknowledges that, in 
the event of any non-compliance with, or breach, violation or contravention of any ODI Holder 
Obligations by the holder, the Issuer and/or its associates/affiliates may notify any Authority 
of any such breach, violation or contravention and exercise any rights and take any measures 
available to it under the terms of any ODI or this notice, or any other measures to prevent, 
avoid, mitigate, remedy or cure such non-compliance, breach, violation or contravention, 
including but not limited to termination of the ODIs by the Issuer or its associates/affiliates; 
(p) 
The Securityholder confirms that it shall promptly notify the Issuer and/or its 
associates/affiliates, as appropriate, should any of the representations, warranties, 
acknowledgements, agreements, undertakings and material information (including any direct 
or indirect change in structure or ownership or control) given by it under paragraphs (a) to (r) 
herein, whether in respect of itself or otherwise, be in breach, changes or no longer holds true 
after the Issue Date; 
(q) 
The Securityholder confirms that all the provisions of paragraphs (a) to (r) herein shall survive 
the termination of any Security which is the subject matter of paragraphs (a) to (r) herein and 
that the terms of paragraphs (a) to (r) herein shall be deemed to be restated upon issuance of 
each Security; and 
(r) 
The Securityholder confirms that if, at any time, any provision of paragraphs (a) to (r) herein 
is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect under any law of any jurisdiction, 
neither the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions nor the legality, 
validity or enforceability of such provision under the law of any other jurisdiction will in any 
way be affected or impaired. 
(viii) Korea. The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Investment 
Services and Capital Markets Act of Korea. The Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered, 
directly or indirectly, in Korea or to, or for the account or benefit of, any resident of Korea (as defined 
in the Foreign Exchange Transactions Law of Korea and the decrees and regulations thereunder), or 
to any other person for reoffering, resale or re-delivery, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, any resident of Korea, except as otherwise permitted by applicable Korean laws 
and regulations. Without prejudice to the foregoing, the number of the Securities offered in Korea or 
to a resident in Korea shall be less than 50, and for a period of one year from the Issue Date of the

--- Page 170 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
170 
Securities, none of the Securities may be divided resulting in an increased number of the Securities. 
Furthermore, the Securities may not be resold to Korean residents unless the purchaser of the 
Securities complies with all applicable regulatory requirements (including, but not limited to, 
government reporting requirements under the Foreign Exchange Transactions Law of Korea and the 
decrees and regulations thereunder) in connection with the purchase of the Securities. 
(ix) 
Kuwait. The Securityholder represents as a condition to purchasing or owning any Security or 
beneficial interest therein that (i) it understands the risks of investing in the Securities, (ii) it 
understands that the Securities are not regulated under the laws of Kuwait and have not been approved 
by the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority and/or the Central Bank of Kuwait and/or any other relevant 
Kuwaiti government agency, (iii) that it did not learn about the Securities through, and has not been 
subjected to, any public offer or any general advertisement or solicitation in Kuwait and further 
confirms that any offer of, or solicitation of any offer to subscribe for, any Securities was made to the 
investor from outside Kuwait, and (iv) any documents relating to any investment in the Securities was 
(or will be) finally executed outside of Kuwait. 
(x) 
Malaysia. (A) No prospectus in relation to the Securities has been registered with the Securities 
Commission of Malaysia (“SC”) pursuant to the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007 of Malaysia 
(“CMSA”); and (B) the Securities shall not be offered for subscription or sold, directly or indirectly, 
nor may an invitation or offer to subscribe for or sell such Securities be made in Malaysia unless such 
offer or invitation has been approved by the SC or is otherwise exempted under Schedule 5 of CMSA, 
and it is exclusively made to persons specified under Schedules 6 and 7 of the CMSA, which shall 
include, inter alia, sophisticated investors, holder(s) of capital markets services licenses and persons 
outside Malaysia. 
(xi) 
Pakistan. The Securityholder represents as a condition to purchasing or owning any Security or any 
beneficial interest therein that (i) it is a person resident outside Pakistan, for the purpose of the Foreign 
Exchange Manual and the Foreign Exchange Regulation Act, 1947 (a “Resident outside Pakistan”), 
(ii) it is not owned in whole or in part, directly or indirectly by one or more Residents of Pakistan for 
the purpose of the Foreign Exchange Manual and the Foreign Exchange Regulation Act, 1947 (a 
“Resident of Pakistan”), (iii) it is not financing all or any part of its purchase of the Securities, 
whether directly or indirectly, from moneys financed by or sourced from any Resident of Pakistan, 
(iv) the relevant Securities are not being purchased, directly or indirectly, by a Resident of Pakistan or 
to or for the account of benefit of any Resident of Pakistan, (v) it understands and agrees that the 
Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in Pakistan, or to any Resident 
of Pakistan, and the Securityholder undertakes not to offer, sell or deliver directly or indirectly the 
Securities in breach of the foregoing. In the event that the Securities are transferred by the 
Securityholder, the Securityholder undertakes to use best endeavours to ensure that any other person 
who has or will have a direct or indirect beneficial interest in the Securities (a) is a Resident outside 
Pakistan; (b) is not owned in whole or in part, directly or indirectly by a Resident of Pakistan; and (c) 
is not financing all or any part of its purchase of the Securities from Pakistani sources. 
(xii) 
People’s Republic of China. The Securityholder represents as a condition to purchasing or owning 
the Securities or any beneficial interest therein that:  
(A) 
the Securityholder will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, the Securities in the 
People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) (the “PRC”); and  
(B) 
if the Securities are linked to PRC Securities (as defined below), 
(1) 
(a)(i) it is not a PRC Resident or an entity incorporated or registered under the laws of 
the PRC, (ii) if it is a PRC Resident, it is using funds lawfully owned by it and located 
outside the PRC to make investments in the Securities or (iii) if it is an entity 
incorporated or registered under the laws of the PRC, its investment in the Securities

--- Page 171 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
171 
has been conducted pursuant to any programme approved by, or any other approval of, 
any competent PRC regulator; and 
(b) its investment in the Securities does not violate the laws and regulations of the PRC, 
including those in relation to foreign exchange control and reporting; 
(2) 
in respect of Securities for which “ChiNext Shares” or “STAR Shares” is specified in 
relation to any Reference Underlying, each owner and beneficial owner of such 
Securities is, and shall continue to be (during its ownership or beneficial ownership of 
such Securities), an Eligible Investor; and 
For all PRC Share Securities and PRC Index Securities: 
(3) 
to the extent the Securityholder is incorporated, domiciled or resident in Taiwan or is 
owned or controlled by a person(s) or entity(ies), incorporated, domiciled or resident in 
Taiwan (collectively, a “Taiwan Related Party”), the Securityholder: 
(x) 
confirms that it (a) is not prohibited by any applicable Taiwan law, regulation, 
self-regulatory guideline or policy applicable to dealings by Taiwan Related 
Parties with Mainland China (“Cross Straits Rules”) from purchasing the 
relevant Securities and (b) will, in making such purchase, be in full compliance 
with any limitations under the Cross Straits Rules or otherwise on the amount, 
scope or nature of investments by him/her/it in Securities; 
(y) 
confirms that it is not acquiring the Securities linked to PRC Share Securities or 
PRC Index Securities for the purpose of gaining or exercising control or 
influence, directly or indirectly, over the management of any company 
incorporated in the PRC; and 
(z) 
acknowledges and understands that it is the Securityholder’s sole responsibility 
to determine, based on his/her/its own evaluation and advice from his/her/its 
professional advisers, that the purchase by him/her/it of the Securities complies 
with the Cross Straits Rules and that it/he/she shall place no reliance whatsoever 
on the Issuer, any Dealer or its nominated affiliate in such regard; 
(4) 
in the event that the Securities are transferred by the Securityholder, the Securityholder 
will ensure that the transferee makes the representations, confirmations and 
acknowledgements set out in paragraphs (1) to (3) above and in this sub-paragraph (4). 
“PRC Resident” means a person who is a citizen of the PRC and does not have permanent right of 
abode in a jurisdiction outside the PRC. 
“PRC Securities” means any shares, bonds, warrants or other securities listed on any stock exchange 
in the PRC, securities investment funds quoted in Renminbi or any other financial instruments in 
which a qualified foreign investor may from time to time invest pursuant to applicable PRC laws and 
regulations. 
“Renminbi” means the lawful currency of the PRC, which for the purposes of the Conditions excludes 
Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. 
(xiii) Qatar and the Qatar Financial Centre. The Securityholder acknowledges and agrees that: 
(a) 
this Base Prospectus is provided to it on an exclusive basis, upon its request and initiative, and 
for its personal use only; 
(b) 
it understands the risks of investing in the Securities and would be considered a qualified 
investor as intended to be described by the Qatar Financial Markets Authority or the Qatar

--- Page 172 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
172 
Financial Centre Regulatory Authority (as applicable) in the State of Qatar (including Qatar 
Financial Centre); 
(c) 
nothing in this Base Prospectus constitutes, is intended to constitute, shall be treated as 
constituting or shall be deemed to constitute (i) any offer or sale of securities in the State of 
Qatar or the Qatar Financial Centre (the “QFC”), (ii) the inward marketing of securities, or 
(iii) an attempt to do business as a bank, an investment company or otherwise in the State of 
Qatar or the QFC, other than in compliance with any applicable laws in the State of Qatar or 
the QFC governing the issue, offering and sale of securities; 
(d) 
this Base Prospectus and the Securities have not been reviewed, approved, registered or 
licensed by the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority, the Qatar 
Financial Markets Authority or any other regulator in the State of Qatar; and 
(e) 
recourse against the Issuer and any Dealers, if appointed, and those involved with them, may 
be limited or difficult and may have to be pursued in a jurisdiction outside Qatar and the QFC. 
The Securityholder undertakes that it will not distribute this Base Prospectus to third parties in Qatar 
or the QFC beyond the terms hereof. The Securityholder acknowledges that any unauthorised 
distribution shall be at the liability of the Securityholder. 
(xiv) Saudi Arabia. The Securityholder acknowledges that this document does not constitute an offer to 
persons in Saudi Arabia and may not be distributed in Saudi Arabia except in accordance with the 
requirements of, and to such persons as are permitted under the Rules on the Offers of Securities and 
Continuing Obligations issued by the Saudi Arabian Capital Market Authority (“CMA”). 
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this document, and 
expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, 
any part of this document. Prospective purchasers of the Securities offered hereby should conduct 
their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the Securities. Accordingly, the 
Securityholder represents and agrees that if it does not understand the contents of this document it will 
consult an authorised financial adviser. 
Where the Securities are linked to any Reference Underlying listed on the Saudi Exchange 
(“Underlying Saudi Company”), the Securityholder represents as a condition to purchasing or 
owning such Securities or any beneficial interest therein that the Securityholder: (A) acknowledges 
that in accordance with the Rules for Qualified Foreign Financial Institutions Investment in Listed 
Securities issued by the CMA (the “QFI Rules”) the direct purchase or ownership of any shares listed 
on the Saudi Exchange’s main market by foreign investors is not permitted unless the investor is a 
Qualified Foreign Investor accepted as a client by a Capital Market Institution and that any purchases 
or ownership of such Securities by a Qualified Foreign Investor must be in accordance with and 
subject to the restrictions set out in the QFI Rules; (B) is aware of the terms of the CMA Board of 
Commissioners resolution 2-28-2008 dated 18th August 2008 as amended by subsequent resolutions, 
the most recent of which is the CMA Board of Commissioners resolution (referred to in the CMA 
circular dated 03/05/2018) (“CMA Resolution”), which allows “Capital Market Institutions” to enter 
into swap agreements with non-resident foreign investors, whether institutions or individuals, to 
transfer the economic benefits of shares which are listed on the Saudi Exchange. Pursuant to the 
conditions specified in the CMA Resolution, Capital Market Institutions are prohibited from entering 
into swap agreements or executing any swap transaction with the following parties: (i) Qualified 
Foreign Investors (as defined in the QFI Rules); (ii) citizens of the Cooperation Council for the Arab 
States of the Gulf (the natural persons who hold the citizenship of one of the Cooperation Council for 
the Arab States of the Gulf countries, or legal persons (a) the capital of which is majority owned by 
citizens or governments of the Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf; and (b) that hold 
the citizenship for the Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf countries in accordance

--- Page 173 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
173 
with the definition set out in the resolution of the Supreme Council of the Cooperation Council for the 
Arab States of the Gulf in its 15th session approved by the Council of Ministers Resolution number 16 
dated 20/01/1418H); (iii) foreign investors residing in Saudi Arabia; and (iv) a foreign person other 
than those referred to in (i) to (iii) above, that owns securities of a company listed on the Saudi 
Exchange in relation to swap transactions that involve the shares and convertible debt instruments of 
that listed company. In addition, the CMA Resolution stipulates that the total securities underlying a 
swap transaction for each securityholder must not reach 10 per cent. or more of the shares of any issuer 
whose shares are listed or convertible debt instrument of the issuer. Capital Market Institutions retain 
the legal ownership of such shares and, pursuant to the conditions specified in the CMA Resolution, 
Capital Market Institutions are required to provide certain information on beneficiaries who obtain the 
economic benefits of such shares; (C) is aware of the terms of the terms of the Guidance Note for the 
investment of Non Resident Foreigners in the Parallel Market issued by the CMA (“Parallel Market 
Guidance Note”). Under the Parallel Market Guidance Note the following categories of foreigners 
who do not reside in Saudi Arabia are allowed to invest in the Saudi Exchange’s Parallel Market: (i)  
Qualified Foreign Investors (as defined in the QFI Rules), (ii) the ultimate beneficiary in a swap 
agreement with a Capital Market Institution, (iii) a legal person allowed to open an investment account 
in Saudi Arabia and an account at the Saudi Depositary Center and who is licensed or incorporated in 
a jurisdiction that applies regulatory and monitoring standards equivalent to those of the CMA or 
acceptable to it, and (iv) a natural person holding the nationality of a country that applies regulatory 
and monitoring standards equivalent to those of the CMA or acceptable to it and residing in such a 
country and who fulfils any of the following criteria: a. has conducted transactions in security markets 
of not less than SR40 million in total, and not less than ten transactions in each quarter during the last 
twelve months, b. has net assets of not less than SR5 million, c. works or has worked for at least three 
years in the financial sector, d. holds the General Securities Qualification Certificate which is 
recognized by the CMA, or e. holds a professional certificate that is related to securities business and 
accredited by an internationally recognized entity; (D) consents to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates 
providing such information as may be requested by the CMA, including, without limitation, the full 
legal name of the beneficial owner of the Securities, its country of origin and the names and quantities 
of the underlying shares (the “CMA Required Information”) and to make any notifications and/or 
reports to the CMA and undertakes to provide such information, in a timely manner, to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates upon request; and (E) acknowledges that the CMA reserves the right to instruct 
the Issuer and/or its Affiliates or any other entity through which the Issuer hedges the Securities to 
impose any qualitative or quantitative restrictions or any other requirements on any swap agreement 
corresponding to the Securities or on the ultimate beneficial investors. Accordingly, the holder of the 
Securities acknowledges that the Issuer and/or its Affiliates may be obliged to give effect to such 
restrictions or requirements and may do so in such manner as the Issuer deems most expedient, 
whether by terminating or amending the terms of the Securities. 
(xv) 
Singapore. The Securityholder acknowledges that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be 
registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, the Securityholder 
represents and agrees that this Base Prospectus, any applicable Final Terms relating to any Securities 
and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription 
or purchase, of any Securities has not been circulated or distributed and will not be circulated or 
distributed, that the Securities have not been offered or sold, or made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and that the Securities will not be offered or sold, or made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other 
than: 
(A) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore (as amended or modified from time to time, the “SFA”) pursuant to 
Section 274 of the SFA;

--- Page 174 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
174 
(B) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the 
SFA, or to any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275, of the SFA and, where applicable, the conditions specified 
in Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018; or 
(C) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision 
of the SFA. 
The Securityholder represents and agrees that where the Securities are subscribed or purchased under 
Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(1) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(2) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) or securities-based derivative contracts (as defined 
in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever 
described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months of that corporation or that trust has 
acquired the Securities pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person where the transfer arises 
from an offer referred to in Section 275(2) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37(A) of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
The Securityholder represents and agrees that where Securities are issued under the Programme by 
Credit Suisse AG, Singapore Branch, (a) the Securities, if denominated in Singapore dollars, will have 
an original maturity period of not less than 12 months; or (b) the Securities, if denominated in 
Singapore dollars and with an original maturity period of less than 12 months, will have a 
denomination of not less than SGD 200,000; or (c) the Securities will be denominated in a currency 
other than Singapore dollars; or (d) the Securities will be issued in other circumstances which do not 
constitute a contravention of the Guidelines for Operation of Wholesale Banks and such that the 
Securities do not constitute a “deposit” for the purposes of the Banking Act, Chapter 19 of Singapore. 
The Securityholder represents and agrees that where (a) the Issuer of the Securities is Credit Suisse 
AG, Singapore Branch, (b) the Securities are denominated in Singapore dollars, and (c) the Securities 
have a specified denomination of less than SGD 200,000: 
(1) 
the place of booking of the issue is the Singapore Branch of Credit Suisse AG; and 
(2) 
repayment under each Security is not secured by any means. 
(xvi) Switzerland. 
The Securityholder acknowledges that this document is not intended to constitute an offer or 
solicitation to purchase or invest in the Securities described herein. The Securityholder represents that 
it will not publicly offer, sell or advertise the Securities, directly or indirectly, to retail clients in, or 
from, Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no 
application has or will be made to admit the Securities to trading on any trading venue (exchange or

--- Page 175 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
175 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to the Securities constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA and no such 
prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with the offering of the Securities. Neither 
this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Securities may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available to retail clients in Switzerland. 
The Securityholder acknowledges that neither this document nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to the offering, nor the Issuer nor the Securities have been or will be filed with or 
approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. 
In respect of Securities with a maturity of one year or longer, the Securityholder will not sell such 
Securities to Swiss resident private investors in any case. 
(xvii) Taiwan. 
(A) 
The Securities may not be sold, offered or issued to Taiwan resident investors unless (a) they 
are made available outside Taiwan for purchase by such investors outside Taiwan or (b) they 
are being sold, offered or issued to Taiwan resident investors in compliance with the applicable 
Taiwanese laws and regulations; 
(B) 
Securities linked to shares of companies incorporated in the PRC that are listed on either the 
Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange or the Beijing Stock Exchange and 
quoted in Renminbi may be made available outside Taiwan to Taiwan resident investors 
otherwise legally permitted to invest in such products so long as such investors are not 
investing therein for purposes of gaining or exercising control or influence, directly or 
indirectly, over the management of any company incorporated in the PRC, but are not permitted 
to be offered, marketed, sold or issued in Taiwan; and 
(C) 
where the Securities are linked to any Reference Underlying listed in Taiwan (“Taiwanese 
Reference Underlyings”), the Securityholder represents as a condition to purchasing or 
owning such Securities or any beneficial interest therein that: 
(1) 
it is not funding all or part of its purchase of Securities linked to Taiwanese Reference 
Underlyings, whether directly or indirectly, from moneys financed by or sourced from 
Taiwan or PRC sources;  
(2) 
it and its beneficial owners or controllers do not fall in the categories of persons who 
are not allowed to trade and own such Securities set out in paragraph (3) below; and 
(3) 
it understands and acknowledges that the following categories of persons are not 
allowed to hold and trade such Securities: 
(I) 
nationals of Taiwan or individuals known, or reasonably believed, to be 
representing the interests of Taiwanese citizens; 
(II) 
individuals domiciled or companies incorporated in Taiwan; 
(III) 
overseas companies beneficially owned or controlled by Taiwanese nationals; 
(IV) 
Taiwanese insiders intending to trade their companies’ shares. For the purpose 
of this paragraph, any director, supervisor, manager, or shareholder holding more 
than 10 per cent. of the shares of the company directly or indirectly via a spouse, 
minor child or nominee is deemed an insider of such company the shares of 
which are traded on the Taiwan Stock Exchange or Taipei Exchange (previously 
known as GreTai Securities Market); 
(V) 
offshore personal investment companies of which any of those listed in 
paragraphs (I) to (IV) above is a beneficial owner;

--- Page 176 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
176 
(VI) 
nationals of the PRC or individuals known, or reasonably believed, to be 
representing the interests of PRC citizens; 
(VII) individuals domiciled or companies incorporated in the PRC; and 
(VIII) overseas companies beneficially owned or controlled by PRC nationals, 
individuals, companies, organisations or institutions (collectively “PRC 
Investor”). For the purpose of this paragraph, “owned” means the PRC Investor 
holds directly or indirectly more than 30 per cent. of the shares in or contributes 
more than 30 per cent. of the capital of the overseas company; and “controlled” 
means the PRC Investor has control power over such overseas company, which 
comprises any of the following: 
(i) 
the PRC Investor has control over the majority of the votes of the overseas 
company pursuant to its agreement with other investors; 
(ii) 
the PRC Investor has control over the financial, operational, and/or 
human resources policies of the overseas company pursuant to law or 
regulations or contractual commitments, including but not limited to: (A) 
the PRC Investor is actually in-charge of the operation of the overseas 
company pursuant to a joint-venture or joint-management agreement; (B) 
the PRC Investor can appoint the chief executive officer of the overseas 
company; (C) the PRC Investor extends loans to or guarantees the debts 
of the overseas company where the amount or value of such loan or 
guarantee equals to or exceeds one-third of the total assets of the overseas 
company; 
(iii) 
the PRC Investor has the right to appoint or discharge a majority of the 
directors on the board (or organisation determining the company’s 
operational policies), which has control over the overseas company’s 
operations; 
(iv) 
the PRC Investor has control over the majority of the votes of the 
directors on the board (or organisation determining the company’s 
operational policies), which has control over the overseas company’s 
operations; or 
(v) 
the PRC Investor has otherwise any form of control power over the 
overseas company as defined under the International Financial Reporting 
Standards or R.O.C. Statements of Auditing Standards. 
(xviii) United Kingdom (Public Offer Selling Restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation). The 
Securityholder acknowledges that, no Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto shall be offered or will be

--- Page 177 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
177 
offered to the public in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) except that such Securities may be offered to 
the public in the UK:  
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”); 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the UK Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”, as amended), 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Securities means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Securities. 
(xix) United Kingdom (Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors). The Securityholder represents and 
agrees that it is not a retail investor in the UK and that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto 
to a retail investor in the UK. 
For purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA; 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined 
in the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 178 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
178 
(xx) 
United Kingdom (Other UK regulatory restrictions). The Securityholder represents and agrees 
that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Securities which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell any Securities other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the 
issue of the Securities would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA 
by CS; 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Securities in, from or otherwise involving the UK; and 
(c) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Securities in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to CS. 
(xxi) United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre). The Securityholder 
represents and agrees that it has not offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised and undertakes 
that it will not offer, sell or publicly promote or advertise the Securities in the United Arab Emirates 
other than in compliance with any laws applicable in the United Arab Emirates governing the issue, 
offering and sale of securities.  
(xxii) United States of America. The Securityholder acknowledges and agrees that Securities have not 
been, are not being and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the Unites States and are being offered and sold in a transaction not 
involving a public offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act and that is 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Securityholder represents that it 
either (A) is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person (as such terms are defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act) and has not offered or sold any Securities within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons or (B) is a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 
144A under the Securities Act and has validly completed, executed and delivered an investor 
representation letter in the form provided by the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent. 
(xxiii) Vietnam. The Securityholder has not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver any 
Securities in Vietnam unless otherwise permitted by the applicable laws and regulations of Vietnam.  
Where the Securities are linked to equity interests, bonds, convertible bonds or other hybrid securities, 
or other securities issued by entities established under the laws of Vietnam or other entities permitted 
to issue the Securities in Vietnam (“Vietnamese Reference Underlyings”), the Securityholder 
represents as a condition to purchasing or owning such Securities or any beneficial interest therein 
that: 
(a) 
it is not (i) a resident of Vietnam (a “Resident of Vietnam”) and/or (ii) owned in whole or in 
part, directly or indirectly by one or more Residents of Vietnam; 
(b) 
the Vietnamese Reference Underlyings are not being purchased, directly or indirectly, by a 
Resident of Vietnam, or for the account of, or benefit of, any Resident of Vietnam; and 
(c) 
it understands and agrees that the Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, in Vietnam, or to any Resident of Vietnam, and it undertakes not to offer, sell or 
deliver directly or indirectly the Securities in breach of the foregoing.

--- Page 179 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
179 
(xxiv) General. 
(A) 
No action has been taken by the Securityholder that would, or is intended to, permit a public 
offer of the Securities in any country or jurisdiction where any such action for that purpose is 
required. Accordingly, the Securityholder undertakes that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer 
or sell any Securities or distribute or publish any offering circular, prospectus, form of 
application, advertisement or other document or information in any country or jurisdiction 
except under circumstances that will, to the best of its knowledge and belief, result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and all offers and sales of Securities by 
it will be made on the same terms. 
(B) 
(1) The Securityholder is not an insider and does not possess non-public material price sensitive 
information on any of the Reference Entities or issuers or sponsors of any Reference 
Underlyings and is not entering into this transaction on the basis of material non-public 
information regarding such Reference Entities, issuers or sponsors; and (2) the investment 
hereunder is solely a financial investment and is not for the purpose of acquiring or exercising 
control or influence, directly or indirectly, over the management of any such Reference Entities, 
issuers or sponsors. 
(m) 
The Securityholder acknowledges that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may be required to disclose 
information in respect of the Securities or relating to the issue of, and subsequent trading in, the Securities or 
any other information as may be required by any relevant governmental or regulatory authorities or as may 
be required under any law, regulation, orders or lawful request, including, but not limited to, information 
concerning the identity of any party having a legal or beneficial interest in the Securities (as appropriate, for 
example, (i) the category to which the Securityholder belongs (i.e. hedge fund, corporate, individual, pension 
fund, trust, etc.); and (ii) if the Securityholder is a fund, names of its fund managers and investment advisers; 
and the Securityholder consents to waive confidentiality with regard to any such disclosure. The 
Securityholder further agrees to promptly (A) provide or procure the provision of such information to the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates upon request by the Issuer and/or its Affiliates, and where such information is 
maintained by any third party on behalf of the Securityholder, the Securityholder shall ensure that appropriate 
procedures are implemented with such third party to enable the prompt disclosure of such information to the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates upon request, and (B) having so informed the Issuer, provide the requested 
information directly to the applicable regulatory authority. 
(n) 
The Securityholder undertakes that it will inform any subsequent purchaser of the terms and conditions of 
the Securities and all such subsequent purchasers as may purchase such securities from time to time shall be 
deemed to be Securityholders for the purposes of the Securities and shall be bound by the terms and 
conditions of the Securities. 
(o) 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Securities will become void unless claims in respect of principal, distribution, interest and/or premium are made 
within a period of 10 years (in the case of any principal) and five years (in the case of any distribution, interest or 
premium) after the date upon which payment becomes due. 
(p) 
REPLACEMENT OF SECURITIES 
Should any Security be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Paying Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated 
or defaced, Securities must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
(q) 
NOTICES

--- Page 180 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
180 
(a) 
All notices will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) 
by airmail to the Securityholders (or the first named of joint Securityholders) at their respective addresses 
recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after mailing and, in 
addition, (i) for so long as any Securities are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, such notice will be published in a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which 
is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort or notices will be made available on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu; and (ii) for so long as any Securities are listed on the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin and the rules of Euronext Dublin so require, such notice will be published in a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by Euronext Dublin, which is expected to be 
the Irish Times or notices will be made available on the website of Euronext Dublin at www.ise.ie. 
(b) 
Until such time as any definitive Securities are issued, there may, so long as any Global Securities 
representing the Securities are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
be substituted for such mailing of notices delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the Securityholders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given to the Securityholders on the second weekday following such delivery. In addition, (i) for so long 
as any such Securities are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange; and (ii) for so long as any 
such Securities are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and the rules of Euronext Dublin so require, 
such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by 
Euronext Dublin. 
(c) 
MEETINGS OF SECURITYHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
(a) 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Securityholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the modification by Extraordinary Resolution of these Terms and 
Conditions or the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The quorum at any meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons present holding or representing a clear majority in 
nominal amount or number, as the case may be, of the Securities for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting one or more persons present whatever the nominal amount or number of the Securities 
held or represented by him/her/them, except that at any meeting, the business of which includes the 
modification of certain of these Terms and Conditions, the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be one or more persons present holding or representing not less than two-thirds, or at any 
adjourned meeting not less than one-third, of the nominal amount or number of the Securities for the time 
being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Securityholders will be binding 
on all Securityholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
The Agency Agreement defines “Extraordinary Resolution” to mean (i) a resolution passed at a meeting of 
the Securityholders duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement by 
a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes cast thereat; (ii) a written resolution of the 
Securityholders in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement; or (iii) a consent given by way 
of electronic consents through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, by or 
on behalf of the Securityholders in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
(b) 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Securityholders, to (i) make 
such amendments to the terms of the Securities that the Issuer considers necessary or desirable to give effect 
to any Replacement Rate determined by the Replacement Rate Agent pursuant to Condition 3(c)(ii)(E) 
(Interest on Floating Rate Securities), or any SOFR Benchmark Replacement determined by the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent pursuant to Condition 3(c)(ii)(D) (Interest on Floating Rate Securities), or 
any Recommended Replacement Rate or the SNB Policy Rate, if the Calculation Agent is required to use a 
Recommended Replacement Rate or the SNB Policy Rate pursuant to clause (3)(x) or (3)(y) of the definition

--- Page 181 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
181 
of “SARON” for purposes of determining SARON for any Zurich Banking Day; (ii) any modification (except 
such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required as mentioned above) of any of these 
Terms and Conditions or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement which is not, in the opinion of the 
Principal Paying Agent, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders; or (iii) any modification 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of the law or regulations or is considered necessary by the Issuer and is approved by 
the relevant stock exchange, if any, on which the Securities are listed. 
(c) 
Any modification shall be binding on the Securityholders and, unless the Principal Paying Agent agrees 
otherwise, any modification shall be notified by the Issuer to the Securityholders as soon as reasonably 
practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition (q) (Notices). 
(d) 
Should any of the provisions contained in these Terms and Conditions be or become invalid, the validity of 
the remaining provisions shall not be affected in any way. 
(e) 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Securityholders to create and issue further 
Securities having terms and conditions the same as the Securities or the same in all respects save for the amount and 
date of the first payment of any distribution, interest and/or premium thereon and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Securities. 
(f) 
CALCULATIONS AND DETERMINATIONS 
The calculations and determinations of the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final and 
binding upon the Securityholders and the Issuer. Save as set out in the Agency Agreement, no liability to the 
Securityholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise of its powers, 
duties and discretions pursuant to the Conditions. 
Unless otherwise provided in the Conditions, each determination, decision (including, where a matter is to be 
decided by reference to a person’s opinion), calculation, selection or adjustment made by the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or any other person in accordance with the Conditions shall be made by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or 
such other person, as the case may be, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner taking into 
account any market factors and other factors as the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or such other person deems relevant, 
including, without limitation, any Hedging Arrangements (including, without limitation, any impact on such 
position, the ability to retain such position and the cost of unwinding any such position). 
(g) 
SUBSTITUTION AND MERGER OF THE ISSUER 
(a) 
Substitution of Branch 
The Issuer may at any time, without the consent of the Securityholders, substitute for the Branch (the 
“Branch”) specified in the applicable Final Terms, or for any previous Substitute Branch (as defined below), 
any other branch of the Issuer as the branch through which it is acting in relation to the Securities (the 
“Substitute Branch”), provided that no payment in respect of the Securities is overdue, and provided that 
no such substitution would thereupon give rise to a redemption for taxation reasons as a result of the 
application of the laws of the Substitute Branch’s country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes. In 
the event that the Branch, or the then Substitute Branch, should cease to exist, such a substitution shall be 
effected prior to the cessation of operations by the Branch or such Substitute Branch, as the case may be. 
Such substitution shall be permitted only if: 
(i) 
the Substitute Branch shall agree to indemnify each Securityholder against (A) any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature which are imposed on such Securityholder 
with respect to such Security, and which would not have been so imposed had such substitution not 
been made, (B) any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed 
on or relating to the act of substitution and (C) any costs or expenses of the act of substitution;

--- Page 182 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
182 
(ii) 
all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining of 
any necessary consents) to ensure that the Securities represent valid, legally binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Issuer, acting through such Substitute Branch, shall have been taken, fulfilled and 
done; and 
(iii) 
the Substitute Branch and the Issuer shall have obtained legal opinions from independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing in the Substitute Branch’s country of domicile or residence for taxation 
purposes and Switzerland, that the substitution is legal, valid and binding and that all action, conditions 
and things as aforesaid have been taken, fulfilled and done. 
Not more than 30 nor less than 15 days prior to the effective date of such substitution, the Issuer shall procure 
the notification to the Securityholders, in accordance with Condition (q) (Notices), of such substitution, 
stating that copies, or pending execution thereof final drafts, of all relevant documents relating to such 
substitution and of the legal opinions are available for inspection by Securityholders at the specified offices 
of the Paying Agents. The originals of all relevant documents relating to such substitution will be delivered 
to the Principal Paying Agent to hold until there are no claims outstanding in respect of the Securities. 
(b) 
Substitution in Place of the Issuer 
The Issuer may at any time substitute, without the consent of the Securityholders, provided that no payment 
in respect of the Securities is overdue, an Affiliate of the Issuer to assume liability for the due and punctual 
payment of all payments on all the Securities then outstanding and the performance of all the Issuer’s other 
obligations under all Securities then outstanding. Upon any such assumption, the assuming entity shall 
succeed to the rights and obligations of the Issuer (or any previous assuming entity) under the Securities and 
the Issuer (or any previous assuming entity) shall be released from its liability on the Securities. Such 
assumption shall be permitted only if, in addition to assuming the obligations of the Issuer (or of any previous 
assuming entity) under the Securities: 
(i) 
the assuming entity and the Issuer shall, by means of a deed poll (the “Deed Poll”), agree to indemnify 
each Securityholder against (A) any taxes, duties, fees, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature which are imposed on such Securityholder with respect to such Security, and which 
would not have been so imposed had such assumption not been made, (B) any taxes, duties, fees, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed on or relating to such substitution 
and (C) any costs or expenses of the act of such substitution; 
(ii) 
the Issuer shall, in the Deed Poll unconditionally guarantee all payments in respect of the Securities; 
(iii) 
the assuming entity and the Issuer shall warrant, by means of the Deed Poll, that all necessary 
governmental approvals and consents for the assumption by the assuming entity of its obligations and 
the giving and implementation of the Issuer’s guarantee have been obtained and are in full force and 
the obligations of the assuming entity under the Securities and of the Issuer under its guarantee to 
guarantee payments in respect of the Securities are legal, valid, binding and enforceable in accordance 
with their terms; and 
(iv) 
the assuming entity and the Issuer shall have obtained legal opinions from independent legal advisers 
of recognised standing in the country of incorporation of the assuming entity and Switzerland that the 
obligations of the assuming entity and of the Issuer in respect of the Securities and the Deed Poll are 
legal, valid and binding and that all consents and approvals as aforesaid have been obtained. 
Not more than 30 nor less than 15 days prior to the effective date of the assumption by the assuming entity, 
the Issuer shall procure the notification to Securityholders, in accordance with Condition (q) (Notices), of the 
assumption, stating that copies, or pending execution thereof final drafts, of the Deed Poll and other relevant 
documents and of the legal opinions are available for inspection by Securityholders at the specified offices 
of the Paying Agents. The originals of the Deed Poll and other documents will be delivered to the Principal 
Paying Agent to hold until there are no claims outstanding in respect of the Securities. The assuming entity

--- Page 183 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
183 
and the Issuer shall in such documents acknowledge the right of every Securityholder to the production of 
such documents for the enforcement thereof or of the Securities. 
Upon the assumption becoming effective, references (if any) in these Terms and Conditions to Switzerland 
shall be deemed to be replaced by references to the country of incorporation and, if different, the country of 
tax residence of the assuming entity. 
(c) 
Merger of the Issuer 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Securityholders, consolidate with, or merge into, or sell, lease, 
transfer or convey all or substantially all of its property to another corporation, entity or person, provided that 
the successor corporation, entity or person assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the Securities pursuant 
to the terms of the Agency Agreement. 
(d) 
LIABILITY AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER 
In no event shall the Issuer have any liability for indirect or consequential damages (whether or not it has been 
advised of the possibility of such damages) other than interest and premium (if any) until the date of payment on 
sums not paid when due. 
(e) 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) Act 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of 
the Securities, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available apart from that 
Act. 
(f) 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Securities (and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with these) are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Securityholders, that the courts of England are to have 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Securities (including any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Securities), and that accordingly any suit, 
action or proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection with the 
Securities (including any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Securities) may 
be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying of the 
venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have been brought 
in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any such Proceedings 
brought in the English courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts of 
any other jurisdiction.

--- Page 184 ---
Annex 1 – Form of Exercise Notice 
 
184 
ANNEX 1 
FORM OF EXERCISE NOTICE 
[Insert name, address and contact details of the holder of the Securities] 
To: [Credit Suisse AG, Nassau Branch/Credit Suisse AG, Singapore Branch] 
[Bahamas Financial Centre 
4th Floor 
Shirley and Charlotte Streets 
Nassau  
Bahamas/ 
1 Raffles Link 
#03-01 One Raffles Link 
Singapore 039393] 
[Date] 
Dear Sirs 
[Title of Securities] (ISIN: [●]) (the “Securities”): Exercise Notice 
We refer to the final terms of the Securities (as the same may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to 
time) (the “Final Terms”). Words and expressions defined in the Final Terms shall have the same meanings when 
used herein. 
This is an Exercise Notice in respect of [●] Securit[y][ies].  
As holder of the Securities, we agree to: (a) pay to you the Exercise Amount within three Business Days of 
notification by you of the Exercise Amount; (b) transfer to you the Securities to which this notice relates and that 
such Securities shall be deemed to be terminated on the date of this notice at zero; and (c) deliver to you the relevant 
Certificates (if applicable) (the conditions specified in (a), (b) and (c), the “Exercise Conditions”). Until we have 
satisfied the Exercise Conditions, we agree and acknowledge that the Issuer shall have no obligation to issue the 
New Securities. 
 
Yours faithfully 
By: 
 
 
[Insert name of holder of the Securities]

--- Page 185 ---
Schedule 1 – Provisions relating to Equity Linked Securities 
 
185 
SCHEDULE 1 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO EQUITY LINKED SECURITIES 
This Schedule shall apply to each Security in respect of which “Single Reference Underlying” or “Basket of 
Reference Underlyings” is specified under “Type of Reference Underlying” in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Schedule shall only apply in respect of Equity Linked 
Securities. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
“Affected Basket Component(s)” has the meaning given in paragraph 2 in this Schedule.  
“Basket” has the meaning ascribed to it in the definition of “Basket Component” below. 
“Basket Component” means, in respect of Securities that are linked to a basket of Reference Underlyings, 
each type of share, warrant, convertible bond or exchange-traded fund unit comprising the basket (the 
“Basket”) of Reference Underlyings as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Basket Component Reference Underlying” means, in respect of a Basket Component, the share, warrant, 
convertible bond or exchange-traded fund unit constituting or constituted in such Basket Component. 
“China Connect Business Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the China Connect Service is 
open for order-routing during its regular order-routing sessions, notwithstanding the China Connect Service 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“China Connect Disruption” means (i) any suspension of or limitation imposed on routing of orders 
(including in respect of buy orders only, sell orders only or both buy and sell orders) through the China 
Connect Service, relating to a Reference Underlying on the Exchange or (ii) any event (other than a China 
Connect Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of the 
market participants in general to enter orders in respect of a Reference Underlying through the China Connect 
Service.  
“China Connect Early Closure” means the closure on any China Connect Business Day of the China 
Connect Service prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by SEHK 
or the Exchange, as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for 
order-routing through the China Connect Service on such China Connect Business Day and (ii) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the China Connect Service system for execution on the 
Exchange at the Valuation Time on such China Connect Business Day.  
“China Connect Service” means the securities trading and clearing links programme under which (i) SEHK 
and/or its affiliates provides order-routing and other related services for certain eligible securities traded on 
the Exchange and (ii) CSDCC and HKSCC provide clearing, settlement, depository and related services in 
relation to such securities.  
“ChiNext Board” means the ChiNext board (operated by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange) of the Shenzhen 
Stock Exchange. 
“ChiNext Shares” means securities listed and traded on the ChiNext Board which may be traded by Hong 
Kong and overseas investors under the China Connect Service. 
“CSDCC” means China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited. 
“Closing Price” means, in respect of a Reference Underlying or Basket Component Reference Underlying 
and in respect of any day, (a) the official closing price for such Reference Underlying or Basket Component 
Reference Underlying on such date as determined by the Calculation Agent or (b) if the official closing price

--- Page 186 ---
Schedule 1 – Provisions relating to Equity Linked Securities 
 
186 
is not available on such day, the last available official closing price, in each case, converted into the Specified 
Currency by the Calculation Agent using the Exchange Rate prevailing on such date. 
“Conversion Costs” means: (a) in respect of Securities not linked to a Basket, an amount equal to the costs 
per Converted Reference Underlying incurred (or which would be incurred in such a conversion) in 
converting Unconverted Reference Underlyings into Converted Reference Underlyings (including any 
exceptional charges for such conversion) during the Conversion Period as determined by the Issuer; and (b) 
in respect of Securities linked to a Basket and in respect of each Basket Component Reference Underlying, 
an amount equal to the costs per Converted Basket Component Reference Underlying incurred (or which 
would be incurred in such a conversion) in converting Unconverted Basket Component Reference 
Underlyings into Converted Basket Component Reference Underlyings (including any exceptional charges 
for such conversion) during the relevant Conversion Period as determined by the Calculation Agent, in each 
case, converted into the Specified Currency by the Calculation Agent using the prevailing Exchange Rate at 
such time as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Conversion Period” means the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (and including) the Valuation 
Date. 
“Converted Basket Component Reference Underlying” means, in respect of any Basket Component 
Reference Underlying that may be subject to a conversion, the reference underlying into which such Basket 
Component Reference Underlying has been converted. 
“Converted Reference Underlying” means, in respect of any Reference Underlying that may be subject to 
a conversion, the reference underlying into which such Reference Underlying has been converted. 
“Disrupted Day” means: 
(a) 
if the Securities are not linked to a Basket, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Exchange 
fails to open for trading during its regular trading session, (ii) any Related Exchange fails to open for 
trading during its regular trading session, (iii) if “China Connect” is specified in relation to a Reference 
Underlying in the relevant Final Terms, the China Connect Service fails to open for order-routing 
during its regular order-routing session or (iv) a Market Disruption Event has occurred, in each case, 
in respect of the Reference Underlying; or 
(b) 
if the Securities are linked to a Basket, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) any Exchange fails 
to open for trading during its regular trading session, (ii) any Related Exchange fails to open for trading 
during its regular trading session, (iii) if “China Connect” is specified in relation to a Basket 
Component Reference Underlying in the relevant Final Terms, the China Connect Service fails to open 
for order-routing during its regular order-routing session or (iv) a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred, in each case, in respect of any of the Basket Component Reference Underlyings. 
“Early Redemption Amount” means, subject to Condition 5(f) (Redemption Disruption Events and Cut-off 
Date), Condition 5(g) (Hedging Disruption Event and Jurisdictional Event), Condition 6 (Taxation and 
Costs) and this Schedule, in respect of a redemption pursuant to Condition 5(c) (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 5(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) or Condition 5(e) (Redemption at the 
option of the Securityholders (Investor Put)) only, in respect of each Security: 
(a) 
Participation Securities – Single Reference Underlying: if “Participation Securities” is specified as 
the “Early Redemption Amount/Method of calculation” in the Final Terms and the Securities are not 
linked to a Basket: 
(i) 
if the Reference Underlyings have not been converted into a Converted Reference Underlying, 
an amount in the Specified Currency (rounded down to the nearest Unit) determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Reference Price of the Reference Underlyings x Number of Reference Underlyings; or

--- Page 187 ---
Schedule 1 – Provisions relating to Equity Linked Securities 
 
187 
(ii) 
if some or all of the Reference Underlyings have been converted into a Converted Reference 
Underlying, an amount in the Specified Currency (rounded down to the nearest Unit) 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[(Reference Price of the Converted Reference Underlyings – Conversion Costs) x Number of 
Converted Reference Underlyings] + [Reference Price of the Unconverted Reference 
Underlyings x Number of Unconverted Reference Underlyings]; 
(b) 
Participation Securities – Basket: if “Participation Securities” is specified as the “Early Redemption 
Amount/Method of calculation” in the Final Terms and the Securities are linked to a Basket: 
(i) 
if no Basket Component Reference Underlying has been converted into a Converted Basket 
Component Reference Underlying, an amount in the Specified Currency (rounded down to the 
nearest Unit) determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the sum of the Basket 
Component Price for each Basket Component in the Basket, where, for this purpose, the 
“Basket Component Price” for each such Basket Component is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Reference Price of the Basket Component Reference Underlying x Number of Basket 
Component Reference Underlyings; or 
(ii) 
if some or all of the Basket Component Reference Underlyings have been converted into a 
Converted Basket Component Reference Underlying, an amount in the Specified Currency 
(rounded down to the nearest Unit) determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the 
sum of the Basket Component Price for each Basket Component in the Basket, where, for this 
purpose, the “Basket Component Price” for each such Basket Component is determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, subject to a minimum of zero: 
[(Reference Price of the Converted Basket Component Reference Underlyings – Conversion 
Costs) x Number of Converted Basket Component Reference Underlyings] + [Reference Price 
of the Unconverted Basket Component Reference Underlyings x Number of Unconverted 
Basket Component Reference Underlyings]; 
(c) 
Outperformance Securities – Single Reference Underlying: if “Outperformance Securities” is 
specified as the “Early Redemption Amount/Method of calculation” in the Final Terms and the 
Securities are not linked to a Basket, an amount in the Specified Currency (rounded down to the 
nearest Unit) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[(Final Closing Price – Initial Closing Price) x Number of Reference Underlyings] + sum of Daily 
Outperformance for the period from (and including) the Trade Date to (and including) the Valuation 
Date 
Where: 
“Daily Outperformance” means, on any day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(Number of Reference Underlyings x Closing Price) x Outperformance Factor/365; 
(d) 
Outperformance Securities – Basket: if “Outperformance Securities” is specified as the “Early 
Redemption Amount/Method of calculation” in the Final Terms and the Securities are linked to a 
Basket, an amount in the Specified Currency (rounded down to the nearest Unit) determined by the 
Calculation Agent as being equal to the sum of the Basket Component Price for each Basket

--- Page 188 ---
Schedule 1 – Provisions relating to Equity Linked Securities 
 
188 
Component in the Basket, where for this purpose the “Basket Component Price” for each such Basket 
Component is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[(Final Closing Price Initial Closing Price) x Number of Basket Component Reference Underlyings] 
+ sum of Daily Outperformance for the period from (and including) the Trade Date to (and including) 
the Valuation Date 
Where: 
“Daily Outperformance” means, on any day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(Number of Basket Component Reference Underlyings x Closing Price) x Outperformance 
Factor/365; 
(i) 
such other amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Early Redemption Amount shall be subject to a minimum of zero. 
“Early Redemption Event” means an event the occurrence of which entitles the Issuer to redeem the 
Securities early in accordance with the Conditions (other than as a result of the operation of Condition 5(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call))). 
“Eligible Investor” means a “professional investor” within the meaning of paragraph (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), 
(f), (g), (h) or (i) of the definition of “professional investor” in section 1 of Part 1 of Schedule 1 to the SFO 
or other types of investors that are permitted or approved by the relevant governmental or regulatory 
authorities, exchanges and/or clearing systems to trade ChiNext Shares through the China Connect Service. 
“Exchange” means, in respect of a Reference Underlying, the stock exchange or quotation system so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or such other stock exchange or quotation system on which such 
Reference Underlying is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, traded or quoted as the Calculation 
Agent may (in its absolute discretion) select and notify to Securityholders in accordance with Condition (q) 
(Notices) or (in any such case) any transferee or successor exchange or quotation system. 
“Exchange Business Day” means, in respect of a Reference Underlying, any Scheduled Trading Day (i) on 
which each Exchange and each Related Exchange in respect of such Reference Underlying are open for 
trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) if “China Connect” is specified in relation to 
that Reference Underlying in the relevant Final Terms, which is a China Connect Business Day. 
“Final Closing Price” means the Closing Price as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation 
Date. 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, subject to Condition 5(f) (Redemption Disruption Events and Cut-off 
Date), Condition 5(g) (Hedging Disruption Event and Jurisdictional Event), Condition 6 (Taxation and 
Costs) and this Schedule, in respect of a redemption pursuant to Condition 5(b) (Redemption at maturity) 
only, in respect of each Security: 
(a) 
Participation Securities – Single Reference Underlying: if “Participation Securities” is specified as 
the “Final Redemption Amount/Method of calculation” in the Final Terms and the Securities are not 
linked to a Basket: 
(i) 
if the Reference Underlyings have not been converted into a Converted Reference Underlying, 
an amount in the Specified Currency (rounded down to the nearest Unit) determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Reference Price of the Reference Underlyings x Number of Reference Underlyings; or

--- Page 189 ---
Schedule 1 – Provisions relating to Equity Linked Securities 
 
189 
(ii) 
if some or all of the Reference Underlyings have been converted into a Converted Reference 
Underlying, an amount in the Specified Currency (rounded down to the nearest Unit) 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[(Reference Price of the Converted Reference Underlyings – Conversion Costs) x Number of 
Converted Reference Underlyings] + [Reference Price of the Unconverted Reference 
Underlyings x Number of Unconverted Reference Underlyings];  
(b) 
Participation Securities – Basket: if “Participation Securities” is specified as the “Final Redemption 
Amount/Method of calculation” in the Final Terms and the Securities are linked to a Basket: 
(i) 
if no Basket Component Reference Underlying has been converted into a Converted Basket 
Component Reference Underlying, an amount in the Specified Currency (rounded down to the 
nearest Unit) determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the sum of the Basket 
Component Price for each Basket Component in the Basket, where for this purpose the “Basket 
Component Price” for each such Basket Component is determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Reference Price of the Basket Component Reference Underlying x Number of Basket 
Component Reference Underlyings; or 
(ii) 
if some or all of the Basket Component Reference Underlyings has been converted into a 
Converted Basket Component Reference Underlying, an amount in the Specified Currency 
(rounded down to the nearest Unit) determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the 
sum of the Basket Component Price for each Basket Component in the Basket, where for this 
purpose the “Basket Component Price” for each such Basket Component is determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, subject to a minimum of zero: 
[(Reference Price of the Converted Basket Component Reference Underlyings – Conversion 
Costs) x Number of Converted Basket Component Reference Underlyings] + [Reference Price 
of the Unconverted Basket Component Reference Underlyings x Number of Unconverted 
Basket Component Reference Underlyings]; 
(c) 
Outperformance Securities – Single Reference Underlying: if “Outperformance Securities” is 
specified as the “Final Redemption Amount/Method of calculation” in the Final Terms and the 
Securities are not linked to a Basket, an amount in the Specified Currency (rounded down to the 
nearest Unit) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[(Final Closing Price – Initial Closing Price) x Number of Reference Underlyings] + sum of Daily 
Outperformance for the period from (and including) the Trade Date to (and including) the Valuation 
Date 
Where: 
“Daily Outperformance” means, on any day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: (Number of Reference Underlyings x Closing Price) x 
Outperformance Factor/365; 
(d) 
Outperformance Securities – Basket: if “Outperformance Securities” is specified as the “Final 
Redemption Amount/Method of calculation” in the Final Terms and the Securities are linked to a 
Basket, an amount in the Specified Currency (rounded down to the nearest Unit) determined by the 
Calculation Agent as being equal to the sum of the Basket Component Price for each Basket

--- Page 190 ---
Schedule 1 – Provisions relating to Equity Linked Securities 
 
190 
Component in the Basket, where for this purpose the “Basket Component Price” for each such Basket 
Component is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[(Final Closing Price – Initial Closing Price) x Number of Basket Component Reference Underlyings] 
+ sum of Daily Outperformance for the period from (and including) the Trade Date to (and including) 
the Valuation Date 
Where: 
“Daily Outperformance” means, on any day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
[(Number of Basket Component Reference Underlyings x Closing Price) x Outperformance 
Factor]/365; or 
(e) 
such other amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms (which may be an amount no less than 
the nominal amount of such Security). 
The Final Redemption Amount shall be subject to a minimum of zero. 
“GDRs” means (a) in respect of Securities not linked to a Basket, the global depository receipts specified in 
the Final Terms and (b) in respect of Securities linked to a Basket and in respect of each Basket Component, 
the global depository receipts specified in the Final Terms in respect of such Basket Component. 
“HKSCC” means the Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited. 
“Initial Closing Price” means the Closing Price as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Trade Date. 
“Market Disruption Event” means, in respect of a Reference Underlying, any of the following: 
(a) 
the occurrence or existence on any Scheduled Trading Day of any suspension of or limitation imposed 
on trading (i) by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherwise, or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to such Reference Underlying, which, in either 
case, the Calculation Agent determines is material; 
(b) 
the occurrence or existence on any Scheduled Trading Day of any event (other than an event described 
in sub-paragraph (c) below) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the 
ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, a 
Reference Underlying on the relevant Exchange, or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market 
values for, futures or options relating to such Reference Underlying on any relevant Related Exchange, 
which, in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is material; 
(c) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange or 
Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for 
execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; or 
(d) 
the inability of the Issuer or any of its Affiliates to unwind its hedge or related trading position relating 
to the Securities, due to illiquidity, which the Calculation Agent determines is material; and/or 
if “China Connect” is specified in relation to that Reference Underlying in the relevant Final Terms: 
(1) 
a China Connect Disruption which the Calculation Agent determines is material; or 
(2) 
a China Connect Early Closure.

--- Page 191 ---
Schedule 1 – Provisions relating to Equity Linked Securities 
 
191 
“Number of Basket Component Reference Underlyings” means, in respect of a Basket Component and 
each Security, subject to Condition 5(f) (Redemption Disruption Events and Cut-off Date), Condition 5(g) 
(Hedging Disruption Event and Jurisdictional Event) and this Schedule, the number of Basket Component 
Reference Underlyings specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Number of Reference Underlyings” means, in respect of each Security, subject to Condition 
5(f)(Redemption Disruption Events and Cut-off Date), Condition 5(g) (Hedging Disruption Event and 
Jurisdictional Event) and this Schedule, the number of Reference Underlyings specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Outperformance Factor” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Reference Entity” means: 
(a) 
in respect of Securities not linked to a Basket, the reference entity to which the Reference Underlying 
relates as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
in respect of Securities linked to a Basket and in respect of each Basket Component, the reference 
entity to which such Basket Component relates as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Reference Price” means: 
(a) 
if “Reference Price – Execution Price” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in relation to a 
Valuation Period and a Reference Underlying, subject to this Schedule and at the option of the 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent’s good faith determination of the volume weighted average 
price of one Reference Underlying (net of Costs (as defined in Condition 6 (Taxation and Costs))) 
which the relevant Hedge Provider obtains (or which could have been obtained if it held the relevant 
Reference Underlyings (or assets constituted thereby) or pursuant to any Hedging Arrangement on a 
theoretical hedge), on a best efforts basis, in selling or otherwise realising such Reference Underlying 
(or assets constituted thereby) or unwinding any relevant Hedging Arrangements (which will include 
any compensation or payment received by the Hedge Provider (or which would be so received by the 
Hedge Provider if it held the relevant Reference Underlyings (or assets constituted thereby) or 
pursuant to any Hedging Arrangement on a theoretical hedge) for or in lieu of such Reference 
Underlying or for unwinding any relevant Hedging Arrangements) held directly or indirectly by the 
Hedge Provider to hedge the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Securities during the relevant 
Valuation Period converted into the Specified Currency by the Calculation Agent using the Exchange 
Rate prevailing with respect to the settlement date(s) of such Reference Underlying or Hedging 
Arrangements sold, unwound or otherwise realised by the Hedge Provider on a theoretical hedge or 
such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall determine; 
(b) 
if “Reference Price – VWAP” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in relation to a Valuation 
Period and a Reference Underlying, the Calculation Agent’s good faith determination of the average 
of the volume weighted average prices of one Reference Underlying as reported by the relevant 
Exchange on each Scheduled Trading Day during the Valuation Period, converted into the Specified 
Currency by the Calculation Agent using the prevailing Exchange Rate at such time as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; or 
(c) 
if “Reference Price – Closing Price” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in relation to a 
Valuation Period and a Reference Underlying, the Calculation Agent’s good faith determination of the 
arithmetic mean of the price of one Reference Underlying quoted on the relevant Exchange as at the 
Valuation Time on each Scheduled Trading Day during the Valuation Period, converted into the 
Specified Currency by the Calculation Agent using the prevailing Exchange Rate at such time as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 192 ---
Schedule 1 – Provisions relating to Equity Linked Securities 
 
192 
If in the applicable Final Terms none of “Reference Price – Execution Price”, “Reference Price – VWAP” or 
“Reference Price – Closing Price” is specified to be applicable, then it shall be deemed that “Reference Price 
– Execution Price” will apply. 
“Reference Underlying” means: 
(a) 
in respect of Securities not linked to a Basket, the share, warrant, convertible bond or exchange-traded 
fund unit that is specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
in respect of Securities linked to a Basket, each Basket Component Reference Underlying. 
“Reference Underlying Jurisdiction” means: 
(a) 
in respect of Securities not linked to a Basket, the jurisdiction(s) to which the Reference Underlying 
relates as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if none is specified, the Reference 
Underlying Jurisdiction is the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is incorporated and the 
jurisdiction of which any Intermediate Currency is the lawful currency; and 
(b) 
in respect of Securities linked to a Basket and in respect of each Basket Component, the jurisdiction(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for such Basket Component, provided that if none is specified, 
the Reference Underlying Jurisdiction for such Basket Components is the jurisdiction in which the 
relevant Reference Entity is incorporated and the jurisdiction of which any relevant Intermediate 
Currency is the lawful currency. 
“Related Exchange(s)” means, in respect of a Reference Underlying, the exchange(s) or quotation system(s), 
if any, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or such other options or futures exchange(s) or quotation 
system(s) as the Calculation Agent may, in its absolute discretion, select and notify to Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition (q) (Notices) or, in any such case, any transferee or successor exchange or 
quotation system, provided, however, that where “All Exchanges” is specified as the related exchange in the 
applicable Final Terms, “Related Exchange” shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading 
has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options 
contracts relating to such Reference Underlying. 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of an Exchange, Related Exchange or, if “China Connect” is 
specified in relation to a Reference Underlying in the relevant Final Terms, the China Connect Service, and 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange, Related Exchange or the 
China Connect Service on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard (in the case of any Exchange or 
Related Exchange) to after hours or any other trading outside the regular trading session hours or (in the case 
of the China Connect Service) any after hours or any other order-routing outside of the regular order-routing 
session hours. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means, in respect of a Reference Underlying, any day (i) on which each Exchange 
and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions 
and (ii) if “China Connect” is specified in relation to that Reference Underlying in the relevant Final Terms, 
the China Connect Service is scheduled to be open for order-routing for its regular order-routing sessions. 
“SEHK” means The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. 
“STAR Market” means the Science and Technology Innovation Board (operated by the Shanghai Stock 
Exchange) of the Shanghai Stock Exchange.  
“STAR Shares” means securities listed and traded on the STAR Market which may be traded by Hong Kong 
and overseas investors under the China Connect Service.  
“Unconverted Basket Component Reference Underlying” means, in respect of any Basket Component 
Reference Underlying that may be subject to a conversion, any Basket Component Reference Underlying 
that has not been converted.

--- Page 193 ---
Schedule 1 – Provisions relating to Equity Linked Securities 
 
193 
“Unconverted Reference Underlying” means, in respect of any Reference Underlying that may be subject 
to a conversion, any Reference Underlying that has not been converted. 
“Valuation Period” means the period comprising the five consecutive Business Days in the Determination 
City starting on (and including) the Valuation Date or as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Valuation Time” means the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange in relation to such Reference 
Underlying or such other time as the Calculation Agent may determine in its absolute discretion and notify 
to Securityholders in accordance with Condition (q) (Notices). If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading 
session, then the Valuation time shall be such actual closing time. 
2. 
PARTIAL EARLY REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES LINKED TO A BASKET 
In respect of Securities linked to a Basket only, if an Early Redemption Event has occurred and the 
Calculation Agent determines in its absolute discretion that not all Basket Components are affected by such 
Early Redemption Event, the Issuer may elect to partially redeem the Securities in accordance with this 
paragraph notwithstanding any other provisions in the Conditions to the contrary. 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Securities in part, on the Early Redemption Date the Issuer shall, in respect 
of Securities that are issued with a nominal amount, redeem a nominal amount of each Security equal to the 
proportion of the total nominal amount of such Security which is the proportion of the Affected Basket 
Component(s) to the aggregate of all Basket Components (as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion) 
at an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount, which would be determined in accordance with the 
terms of the Securities if the Basket in respect of each Security comprised solely the Reference Underlyings 
in the Affected Basket Component. 
Following such partial redemption, the Calculation Agent shall make any adjustment to the terms and 
conditions of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion appropriate to account for 
such partial redemption. 
For the purpose of this paragraph 2, “Affected Basket Component(s)” means the Basket Component(s) 
which comprise(s) the relevant Basket Component Reference Underlying(s) affected by the relevant Early 
Redemption Event as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
Notice of such partial redemption shall be given to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition (q) 
(Notices). For the avoidance of doubt, the Early Redemption Event does not have to be continuing on the 
Early Redemption Date. 
3. 
POTENTIAL ADJUSTMENT EVENT 
Following the declaration by a Reference Entity of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the 
Calculation Agent will, acting in good faith, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Reference Underlyings and, if so, will 
take any one or more of the following actions:  
(a) 
calculate and make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to be made to the Number of Reference 
Underlyings, Number of Basket Component Reference Underlyings and/or any of the other terms of 
these Terms and Conditions as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith determines appropriate to 
account for that diluting or concentrative effect; and/or  
(b) 
distribute further Securities to Securityholders on a pro rata basis provided that such further Securities 
may be either (i) Securities of the same Series or of a different Series held by the Issuer or an Affiliate, 
(ii) further Securities of the same Series issued in accordance with Condition (e) (Further Issues) or 
(iii) Securities of a different Series issued by the Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent; and/or

--- Page 194 ---
Schedule 1 – Provisions relating to Equity Linked Securities 
 
194 
(c) 
determine in its absolute discretion the cash value per Security in the Specified Currency of such 
Potential Adjustment Event (taking into consideration any adjustment or distribution to be made in 
accordance with paragraphs (a) and/or (b) above and including, without limitation, a cash amount 
payable to reflect the rounding of amounts in connection with the distribution of Securities in 
paragraph (b) above) (the “Potential Adjustment Event Distribution Amount”) and will pay in 
respect of each Security an amount equal to such Potential Adjustment Event Distribution Amount as 
a Distribution Payment Amount, 
and, in each case, determine the effective date of that adjustment. 
The Calculation Agent may (but need not) in its absolute discretion determine the appropriate adjustments 
by reference to (i) the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by any relevant 
Related Exchange to listed contracts on such Reference Underlyings traded on such Related Exchange or (ii) 
if “China Connect” is specified in relation to any Reference Underlying(s) in the relevant Final Terms, any 
requirement, adjustment and/or limitation that may be imposed by the China Connect Service or any action 
or inaction by any one or more of the Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC in relation to such Potential 
Adjustment Event in respect of relevant Reference Underlying(s) held through the China Connect Service. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of a Potential Adjustment Event the Calculation Agent may make any 
one or any combination of more than one adjustment(s), distribution(s) and/or payment(s) in accordance with 
paragraphs (a), (b) and/or (c) above as it determines to be appropriate in its absolute discretion in respect of 
such Potential Adjustment Event, provided that such adjustment(s), distribution(s) and/or payment(s) (as 
applicable) shall represent the entirety of the consequences of such Potential Adjustment Event and no such 
further payments or distributions shall be made in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event whether on the 
Maturity Date or otherwise. 
Any adjustment to the terms of the Security following a Potential Adjustment Event shall take into account 
the economic cost of any taxes, duties, levies, fees or registrations payable by or on behalf of holders of the 
relevant Reference Underlyings charged on subscription, acquisition or receipt of such Reference 
Underlyings or Further Reference Underlyings received as a result of the Potential Adjustment Event, such 
calculations to be determined and carried out by the Calculation Agent. 
Upon making any such adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as reasonably practicable 
to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition (q) (Notices), stating the adjustment to the Reference 
Underlyings and/or the Securities and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and giving 
brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event. 
For the purposes of this Schedule, “Potential Adjustment Event” means, in relation to any Reference 
Underlyings and the related Reference Entity, any of the following: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of such Reference Underlyings (unless a Merger Event) 
or a free distribution or dividend of any such Reference Underlyings to existing holders by way of 
bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution or dividend to existing holders of such Reference Underlyings of (A) Reference 
Underlyings; (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the 
proceeds of liquidation of the relevant Reference Entity equally or proportionately with such payments 
to holders of such Reference Underlyings; (C) share capital or other securities of another issuer 
acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by such Reference Entity as a result of a spin-off or other 
similar transaction; or (D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case 
for payment (in cash or otherwise) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (together with any Reference Underlyings received under sub-paragraph (i) of this 
definition, the “Further Reference Underlyings”); 
(iii) 
an extraordinary dividend;

--- Page 195 ---
Schedule 1 – Provisions relating to Equity Linked Securities 
 
195 
(iv) 
a call in respect of such Reference Underlyings that are not fully paid; 
(v) 
a repurchase or redemption by the relevant Reference Entity of such Reference Underlyings whether 
out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase or redemption is cash, 
securities or otherwise; 
(vi) 
an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of 
common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the relevant Reference Entity pursuant to a 
shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the 
occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock 
rights at a price below their market value, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any 
adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; 
or 
(vii) 
any other event that may, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, have a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of such Reference Underlyings. 
4. 
EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS 
If a Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency, Delisting or Additional Disruption Event occurs 
in relation to any Reference Underlyings or Reference Entity, as the case may be, or an Adviser Resignation 
Event, Fund Modification, Strategy Breach, Regulatory Action or Reporting Disruption occurs in relation to 
any Reference Underlying that is an exchange-traded fund unit (each, an “Extraordinary Event”), the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith may take the action described in (a) or (b) below: 
(a) 
determine in good faith the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to the Number of Reference 
Underlyings, the Number of Basket Component Reference Underlyings and/or any of the other terms 
of these Terms and Conditions to account for the Extraordinary Event, and determine the effective 
date of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate 
adjustment by reference to: (i) the adjustment in respect of the Extraordinary Event made by the 
exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith shall select (the 
“Options Exchange”) to options on such Reference Underlyings traded on that options exchange; (ii) 
if options on such Reference Underlyings are not traded on the Options Exchange, the rules and 
precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange to account for the Extraordinary Event that in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent would have given rise to an adjustment by the Options 
Exchange if such options were so traded; and/or (iii) if “China Connect” is specified in relation to any 
such Reference Underlying(s) in the relevant Final Terms, take into account any requirement, 
adjustment and/or limitation that may be imposed by the China Connect Service or any action or 
inaction by any one or more of the Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC in relation to such 
Extraordinary Event in respect of any such Reference Underlying(s) held through the China Connect 
Service; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make under (a) will produce a 
commercially reasonable result, notify the Securityholders in accordance with Condition (q) (Notices) 
that the relevant consequence shall be the redemption of the Securities in which case the Issuer shall 
redeem the Securities in whole or in part on the Early Redemption Date at their Early Redemption 
Amount. 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as reasonably 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition (q) (Notices) stating the occurrence of such 
Extraordinary Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. However, 
Securityholders should be aware that there may be necessarily some delay between the time at which any one 
of the above events occurs and the time at which it is reported to Securityholders.

--- Page 196 ---
Schedule 1 – Provisions relating to Equity Linked Securities 
 
196 
For the purposes of this Schedule: 
“Additional Disruption Event” means a Change of Law, a China Connect Share Disqualification, a China 
Connect Service Termination, a GDR Termination Event, an Increased Cost of Hedging or an Insolvency 
Filing, as specified to be applicable in the Final Terms; 
“Adviser Resignation Event” means, in respect of a Reference Underlying that is an exchange-traded fund 
unit, the resignation, termination or replacement of the Fund Adviser or the resignation, termination, death 
or replacement of any key person (as determined by the Issuer) appointed by the Fund Adviser;  
“Change of Law” means that, on or after the Issue Date of the relevant Securities (a) due to the adoption of 
or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to 
the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines that (i) it has become illegal for the Issuer or a Hedge Provider to hold, 
acquire or dispose of any Reference Underlyings or hedge position relating to such Securities, or (ii) it will 
incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under such Securities (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax 
position); 
“China Connect Service Termination” means, on or after the Trade Date, the announcement by one or more 
of the Exchange, SEHK, the CSDCC, HKSCC or any regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of a 
suspension or termination of the China Connect Service or a part thereof for any reason which materially 
affects the routing of orders in respect of, or holding of, any Reference Underlying(s) in respect of which 
“China Connect” is specified in the relevant Final Terms through the China Connect Service and the 
Calculation Agent determines that there is reasonable likelihood that such suspension or termination is not, 
or will not be, temporary; 
“China Connect Share Disqualification” means, on or after the Trade Date, any Reference Underlying(s) 
in respect of which “China Connect” is specified in the relevant Final Terms cease to be accepted as “China 
Connect Securities” (as defined in the rules of the exchange of SEHK) for the purpose of the China Connect 
Service; 
“Delisting” means the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the 
Reference Underlyings cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the relevant Exchange 
for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-
quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as such Exchange (or, where such 
Exchange is within the European Union, in any member state of the European Union) and such Reference 
Underlyings are no longer listed on an Exchange acceptable to the Issuer; 
“Fund Adviser” means, in relation to a Reference Underlying that is an exchange-traded fund unit, any 
person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser 
(including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary investment manager or to another non-
discretionary investment adviser) for the Reference Entity; 
“Fund Modification” means, in respect of a Reference Underlying that is an exchange-traded fund unit, any 
change or modification of the constitutive and governing documents, subscription agreements or other 
agreements (each as amended from time to time) of the Reference Entity that could reasonably be expected 
to affect the value of the Reference Underlying or the rights or remedies of any investors in the Reference 
Underlying (in each case, as determined by the Issuer) from those prevailing on the Trade Date; 
“GDR Termination Event” means (a) in the case of Securities not linked to a Basket and in the case of the 
Reference Underlyings comprising GDRs, the termination of the GDR programme of the Reference Entity 
and the liquidation of the GDRs prior to the Maturity Date of the Securities without the GDRs being converted 
into related shares of the Reference Entity, as determined by the Calculation Agent or (b) in the case of

--- Page 197 ---
Schedule 1 – Provisions relating to Equity Linked Securities 
 
197 
Securities linked to a Basket and in the case of Basket Component Reference Underlyings comprising GDRs, 
the termination of the relevant GDR programme of the relevant Reference Entity and the liquidation of the 
relevant GDRs prior to the Maturity Date of the Securities without the relevant GDRs being converted into 
related shares of the Reference Entity, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that, in respect of the relevant Securities, any Hedge Provider would 
incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date of such Securities) 
amount of tax, duty expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity 
price risk of the Issuer entering into and performing its obligations with respect to such Securities, or (b) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that such materially 
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedge Provider 
shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging; 
“Insolvency” means that at any time, by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, winding-up, 
dissolution, bankruptcy or any analogous proceedings affecting any Reference Entity (a) all the Reference 
Underlyings of such Reference Entity are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar 
official or (b) holders of such Reference Underlyings become legally prohibited from transferring them; 
“Insolvency Filing” means, in respect of a Reference Underlying, that the Calculation Agent determines that 
the relevant Reference Entity has instituted, or has had instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any 
similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of 
its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents to, a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law 
or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by 
it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings 
instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the relevant Reference Entity shall not 
be an Insolvency Filing; 
“Merger Date” means, in respect of a Merger Event of a Reference Entity, the closing date of such Merger 
Event or, where the Calculation Agent determines that a closing date cannot be determined under the local 
law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“Merger Event” means, in relation to a Reference Underlying, any: (a) reclassification or change of such 
Reference Underlying that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such 
outstanding Reference Underlyings, to another entity or person; (b) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange of the relevant Reference Entity with or into another entity or person (other than a 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such Reference Entity is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in any such reclassification or change of all such outstanding 
Reference Underlyings); (c) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event 
by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Reference 
Underlyings of the relevant Reference Entity that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer all such Reference Underlyings (other than such Reference Underlyings owned or controlled by such 
other entity or person); or (d) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant 
Reference Entity or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which such Reference Entity is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Reference Underlyings 
outstanding but results in the outstanding Reference Underlyings (other than Reference Underlyings owned 
or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per 
cent. of the outstanding Reference Underlyings immediately following such event, in each case if the Merger 
Date is on or before the Valuation Date; 
“Nationalisation” means, in respect of a Reference Underlying, that all of such Reference Underlyings or 
all the assets or substantially all the assets of the relevant Reference Entity are nationalised, expropriated or

--- Page 198 ---
Schedule 1 – Provisions relating to Equity Linked Securities 
 
198 
are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof; 
“Regulatory Action” means, in respect of a Reference Underlying that is an exchange-traded fund unit: (a) 
the cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the Reference Entity by any 
governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the Reference Entity; (b) any change in the legal, 
tax, accounting or regulatory treatment of the Reference Entity that is reasonably likely to have an adverse 
impact on the value of the Reference Underlying or any investor therein; or (c) the Reference Entity or a 
Fund Adviser or any fund administrator, manager, trustee or similar person with primary responsibilities for 
the Reference Entity (a “Fund Administrator”) becomes subject to any investigation, proceeding or 
litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of 
applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of the Reference Entity, a Fund 
Adviser or a Fund Administrator; 
“Reporting Disruption” means, in respect of a Reference Underlying that is an exchange-traded fund unit, 
(i) occurrence of any event affecting such Reference Underlying that, in the determination of the Issuer, 
would make it impossible or impracticable for the Issuer to determine the value of such Reference 
Underlying, and such event continues for at least five Business Days; (ii) any failure of the related Reference 
Entity to deliver, or cause to be delivered, (A) information that such Reference Entity has agreed to deliver, 
or cause to be delivered, to the Issuer or (B) information that has been previously delivered to the Issuer in 
accordance with such Reference Entity’s, or its authorised representatives’, normal practice and that the Issuer 
deems necessary for it to monitor such Reference Entity’s compliance with any investment guidelines, asset 
allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to such Reference Entity; 
“Strategy Breach” means, in respect of a Reference Underlying that is an exchange-traded fund unit, any 
breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the constitutive and governing 
documents, subscription agreements or other agreements (each as amended from time to time) of the 
Reference Entity that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the Reference Underlying or the rights or 
remedies of any investors in the Reference Underlying; and 
“Tender Offer” means, in respect of a Reference Underlying, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, 
or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, more than 10 per cent. 
and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the relevant Reference Entity, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or 
such other information as the Calculation Agent deems in its determination relevant. 
5. 
CONSEQUENTIAL ADJUSTMENTS FOLLOWING A MATERIAL CHANGE 
On or prior to the Maturity Date, if in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the relevant Reference Entity 
makes a material change (a “Material Change”) to the terms of a Reference Underlying, then the Issuer may 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate adjustment, if 
any, to be made to any one or more of any of the Reference Price, the Number of Reference Underlyings, the 
Number of Basket Component Reference Underlyings and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for such change and determine the effective date of 
that adjustment. Upon making any such adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as 
reasonably practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition (q) (Notices), stating the 
adjustment to the Reference Price, the Number of Reference Underlyings, the Number of Basket Component 
Reference Underlyings and/or the terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms and 
giving brief details of the event.

--- Page 199 ---
Schedule 2 – Provisions relating to Index Linked Securities  
 
199 
SCHEDULE 2 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
This Schedule shall apply to each Security in respect of which “Index” or “Index Basket” is specified under “Type 
of Reference Underlying” in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Schedule shall only apply in respect of Index Linked 
Securities. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
“Affected Index Basket Component(s)” has the meaning given in paragraph 2 in this Schedule. 
“China Connect Business Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the China Connect Service is 
open for order-routing during its regular order-routing sessions, notwithstanding the China Connect Service 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“China Connect Disruption” means (i) any suspension of or limitation imposed on routing of orders 
(including in respect of buy orders only, sell orders only or both buy and sell orders) through the China 
Connect Service, relating to (in the case of a Multi-Exchange Index) any security comprising the Reference 
Underlying or (in the case of any other Reference Underlying) securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more 
of the level of the Reference Underlying or (ii) any event (other than a China Connect Early Closure) that 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of the market participants in general 
to enter orders in respect of (in the case of a Multi-Exchange Index) any security comprising the Reference 
Underlying or (in the case of any other Reference Underlying) securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more 
of the level of the Reference Underlying through the China Connect Service.  
“China Connect Early Closure” means the closure on any China Connect Business Day of the China 
Connect Service, relating to (in the case of a Multi-Exchange Index) any security comprising the Reference 
Underlying or (in the case of any other Reference Underlying) securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more 
of the level of the Reference Underlying, prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time 
is announced by SEHK or the Exchange, as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the 
actual closing time for order-routing through the China Connect Service on such China Connect Business 
Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the China Connect Service system for 
execution on the Exchange at the Valuation Time on such China Connect Business Day.  
“China Connect Service” means the securities trading and clearing links programme under which (i) SEHK 
and/or its affiliates provides order-routing and other related services for certain eligible securities traded on 
the Exchange and (ii) CSDCC and HKSCC provides clearing, settlement, depository and related services in 
relation to such securities.  
“ChiNext Board” means the ChiNext board (operated by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange) of the Shenzhen 
Stock Exchange. 
“ChiNext Shares” means securities listed and traded on the ChiNext Board which may be traded by Hong 
Kong and overseas investors under the China Connect Service. 
“CSDCC” means China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited. 
“Disrupted Day” means: 
(a) 
if the Securities are not linked to an Index Basket, in respect of the Reference Underlying, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Sponsor fails to publish the level of the Reference Underlying 
or the Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session, (ii) any Related Exchange 
fails to open for trading during its regular trading session, (iii) if “China Connect” is specified in 
relation to the Reference Underlying in the relevant Final Terms, the China Connect Service fails to

--- Page 200 ---
Schedule 2 – Provisions relating to Index Linked Securities  
 
200 
open for order-routing during its regular order-routing session or (iv) a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred or 
(b) 
if the Securities are linked to an Index Basket, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) in respect of 
any one or more Reference Underlying(s) (A) the relevant Sponsor fails to publish the level of such 
Reference Underlying or the Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session, (B) 
any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session, (C) if “China 
Connect” is specified in relation to such Reference Underlying in the relevant Final Terms, the China 
Connect Service fails to open for order-routing during its regular order-routing session or (D) a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred and (ii) the Reference Underlying(s) so affected by such events 
comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Index Basket (taking into account the Weightings) as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on such Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Early Redemption Amount” means, subject to Condition 5(f) (Redemption Disruption Events and Cut-off 
Date), Condition 5(g) (Hedging Disruption Event and Jurisdictional Event), Condition 6 (Taxation and 
Costs) and this Schedule, in respect of a redemption pursuant to Condition 5(c) (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 5(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) or Condition 5(e) (Redemption at the 
option of the Securityholders (Investor Put)) only, in respect of each Security: 
(a) 
Participation Securities – Single Index: if “Participation Securities” and “Provisions Relating to 
Index Linked Securities (for Securities linked to a Single Index)” are each specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency (rounded down to the nearest Unit) determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Reference Level x Index Currency Amount 
(b) 
Participation Securities – Index Basket: if “Participation Securities” and “Provisions Relating to 
Index Linked Securities (for Securities linked to an Index Basket)” are each specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency (rounded down to the nearest Unit) determined 
by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the sum of the Index Basket Component Prices for all Index 
Basket Components in the Index Basket where “Index Basket Component Price” for each such Index 
Basket Component is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Reference Level x Index Currency Amount x Weighting 
(c) 
Outperformance Securities – Single Index: if “Outperformance Securities” and “Provisions 
Relating to Index Linked Securities (for Securities linked to a Single Index)” are each specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency (rounded down to the nearest Unit) 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(Reference Level x Index Currency Amount + [Reference Level x Index Currency Amount x 
Outperformance Factor x (D/365)]) x ([100 – Break Fee Percentage]/100) 
(d) 
Outperformance Securities – Index Basket: if “Outperformance Securities” and “Provisions 
Relating to Index Linked Securities (for Securities linked to an Index Basket)” are each specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency (rounded down to the nearest Unit) 
determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the sum of the Index Basket Component Prices 
for all Index Basket Components in the Index Basket where “Index Basket Component Price” for each 
such Index Basket Component is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Reference Level x Index Currency Amount + [Reference Level x Index Currency Amount x 
Outperformance Factor x (D/365)]) x ([100 – Break Fee Percentage]/100) x Weighting 
(e) 
such other amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Early Redemption Amount shall be subject to a minimum of zero.

--- Page 201 ---
Schedule 2 – Provisions relating to Index Linked Securities  
 
201 
For the purpose of this definition, 
“Break Fee Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“D” means the number of calendar days from (and including) the Issue Date to (and excluding) the Early 
Redemption Date; and 
“Outperformance Factor” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, provided 
that if D is 30 or less, the Outperformance Factor shall be zero. 
“Eligible Investor” means a “professional investor” within the meaning of paragraph (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), 
(f), (g), (h) or (i) of the definition of “professional investor” in section 1 of Part 1 of Schedule 1 to the SFO 
or other types of investors that are permitted or approved by the relevant governmental or regulatory 
authorities, exchanges and/or clearing systems to trade ChiNext Shares through the China Connect Service.  
“Exchange” means, in respect of any securities comprising any Reference Underlying, the stock exchange(s) 
or quotation system(s) (from time to time) on which, in the determination of the Sponsor for the purposes of 
that Reference Underlying, such securities are listed. 
“Exchange Business Day” means, in respect of the Reference Underlying, any Scheduled Trading Day (i) 
on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time and (ii) if “China Connect” is specified in relation to that Reference Underlying in the relevant 
Final Terms, which is a China Connect Business Day. 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, subject to Condition 5(f) (Redemption Disruption Events and Cut-off 
Date), Condition 5(g) (Hedging Disruption Event and Jurisdictional Event), Condition 6 (Taxation and 
Costs) and this Schedule, in respect of a redemption pursuant to Condition 5(b) (Redemption at maturity) 
only, in respect of each Security: 
(a) 
Participation Securities – Single Index: if “Participation Securities” and “Provisions Relating to 
Index Linked Securities (for Securities linked to a Single Index)” are each specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency (rounded down to the nearest Unit) determined 
by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
Reference Level x Index Currency Amount 
(b) 
Participation Securities – Index Basket: if “Participation Securities” and “Provisions Relating to 
Index Linked Securities (for Securities linked to an Index Basket)” are each specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency (rounded down to the nearest Unit) determined 
by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the sum of the Index Basket Component Price for all Index 
Basket Components in the Index Basket, where for this purpose the “Index Basket Component Price” 
for each Index Basket Component is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Reference Level x Index Currency Amount x Weighting 
(c) 
Outperformance Securities – Single Index: if “Outperformance Securities” and “Provisions 
Relating to Index Linked Securities (for Securities linked to a Single Index)” are each specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency (rounded down to the nearest Unit) 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
Reference Level x Index Currency Amount + [Reference Level x Index Currency Amount x 
Outperformance Factor x (C/365)] 
(d) 
Outperformance Securities – Index Basket: if “Outperformance Securities” and “Provisions 
Relating to Index Linked Securities (for Securities linked to an Index Basket)” are each specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency (rounded down to the nearest Unit)

--- Page 202 ---
Schedule 2 – Provisions relating to Index Linked Securities  
 
202 
determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the sum of the Index Basket Component Prices 
for all Index Basket Components in the Index Basket, where for this purpose the “Index Basket 
Component Price” for each Index Basket Component is determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Reference Level x Index Currency Amount + [Reference Level x Index Currency Amount x 
Outperformance Factor x (C/365)] x Weighting 
(e) 
such other amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms (which may be an amount no less than 
the nominal amount of such Security). 
The Final Redemption Amount shall be subject to a minimum of zero. 
For the purpose of this definition, 
“C” means the number of calendar days from (and including) the Issue Date to (and excluding) the Maturity 
Date; and 
“Outperformance Factor” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“HKSCC” means the Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited. 
“Index” means an index. 
“Index Basket” means a basket composed of two or more Indices each assigned a Weighting, and in respect 
of which the sum of all Weightings is 100 per cent. 
“Index Basket Component” means, in respect of Securities that are linked to an Index Basket, each Index 
comprising the Index Basket. 
“Index Currency Amount” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Market Disruption Event” means, in respect of any Reference Underlying, any of the following: 
(a) 
the occurrence or existence on any Scheduled Trading Day of any suspension of or limitation imposed 
on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherwise (i) on any relevant Exchange(s) relating to (in the case of a Multi-Exchange Index) any 
security comprising the Reference Underlying or (in the case of any other Reference Underlying) 
securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Reference Underlying, or (ii) in futures 
or options contracts relating to the relevant Reference Underlying on any relevant Related Exchange, 
which, in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is material; 
(b) 
the occurrence or existence on any Scheduled Trading Day of any event (other than an event described 
in sub-paragraph (c) below) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the 
ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, (in 
the case of a Multi-Exchange Index) any security comprising the Reference Underlying on any 
relevant Exchange or (in the case of any other Reference Underlying) securities that comprise 20 per 
cent. or more of the level of the Reference Underlying on any relevant Exchange or (ii) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options relating to the relevant Reference 
Underlying on any relevant Related Exchange, which, in either case, the Calculation Agent determines 
is material; 
(c) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange or 
Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the

--- Page 203 ---
Schedule 2 – Provisions relating to Index Linked Securities  
 
203 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for 
execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; or 
(d) 
the inability of the Issuer or any of its Affiliates to unwind its hedge or related trading position relating 
to the Securities, due to illiquidity, which the Calculation Agent determines is material; and/or 
if “China Connect” is specified in relation to that Reference Underlying in the relevant Final Terms: 
(1) 
a China Connect Disruption which the Calculation Agent determines is material; or 
(2) 
a China Connect Early Closure, 
provided that in all cases, in the case of a Multi-Exchange Index, the securities comprising the Reference 
Underlying in respect of which any of the events above occurs or exists amount, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, in aggregate to 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Reference Underlying. For the 
purpose of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists at any time in respect of a security included 
in the relevant Reference Underlying, then the relevant percentage contribution of that security to the level 
of the relevant Reference Underlying shall be based on a comparison of (A) the portion of the level of the 
relevant Reference Underlying attributable to that security and (B) the overall level of the relevant Reference 
Underlying, in each case immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
“Multi-Exchange Index” means any Reference Underlying in respect of which there is more than one 
Exchange. 
“Reference Level” means, in relation to a Valuation Period and a Reference Underlying, subject to this 
Schedule and at the option of the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent’s good faith determination of the 
arithmetic mean of the closing levels of the Reference Underlying (net of Costs (as defined in Condition 6 
(Taxation and Costs))) which the relevant Hedge Provider obtains (or which could have been obtained by the 
Hedge Provider if it held the assets constituting the Reference Underlying or pursuant to any Hedging 
Arrangement on a theoretical hedge), on a best efforts basis, in selling or otherwise realising the assets 
constituting the Reference Underlying or unwinding any relevant Hedging Arrangements (which will include 
any compensation or payment received by the Hedge Provider (or which would be so received by the Hedge 
Provider if it held the assets constituting the Reference Underlying or pursuant to any Hedging Arrangement 
on a theoretical hedge) for or in lieu of the Reference Underlying or for unwinding any relevant Hedging 
Arrangements) held directly or indirectly by the Hedge Provider to hedge the Issuer’s obligations in respect 
of the Securities during the Valuation Period or such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
“Reference Underlying” means: 
(a) 
in respect of Securities not linked to an Index Basket, the Index as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(b) 
in respect of Securities linked to an Index Basket, each Index Basket Component as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Reference Underlying Jurisdiction” means, in respect of any Reference Underlying, the country to which 
such Reference Underlying relates, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Related Exchange” means, in respect of the Reference Underlying, the related exchange(s) or quotation 
system(s), if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms, or other options or futures exchange(s) or quotation 
system(s) as the Calculation Agent may, in its absolute discretion, select and notify the Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition (q) (Notices) or, in any such case, any transferee or successor exchange or 
quotation system, provided, however, that where “All Exchanges” is specified as the related exchange in the 
applicable Final Terms, “Related Exchange” shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading 
has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options 
contracts relating to such Reference Underlying.

--- Page 204 ---
Schedule 2 – Provisions relating to Index Linked Securities  
 
204 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of an Exchange, Related Exchange or, if “China Connect” is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the China Connect Service, and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled 
weekday closing time of such Exchange, Related Exchange or the China Connect Service on such Scheduled 
Trading Day, without regard (in the case of any Exchange or Related Exchange) to after hours or any other 
trading outside the regular trading session hours or (in the case of the China Connect Service) any after hours 
or any other order-routing outside of the regular order-routing session hours. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means, (i) in respect of any Reference Underlying other than a Multi-Exchange 
Index, any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for 
their respective regular trading sessions and (ii) in the case of a Multi-Exchange Index, any day on which the 
Sponsor publishes the level of the Reference Underlying and each Related Exchange is scheduled to be open 
for trading for its regular trading sessions and, in the case of either (i) or (ii), if “China Connect” is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the China Connect Service is scheduled to be open for order-routing for its regular 
order-routing sessions. 
“SEHK” means The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. 
“Sponsor” means, in relation to any Reference Underlying, the corporation or other entity as determined by 
the Calculation Agent that (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the 
methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to such Reference Underlying, and (b) announces 
(directly or through an agent) the level of such Reference Underlying on a regular basis during each 
Scheduled Trading Day, failing whom such person acceptable to the Calculation Agent who calculates and 
announces the Reference Underlying or any agent or person acting on behalf of such person. 
“Valuation Period” means the period comprising the five consecutive Business Days in the Determination 
City starting on (and including) the Valuation Date or as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Valuation Time” means the time with reference to which the Sponsor calculates the closing level of such 
Reference Underlying or, in either such case, such other time as the Calculation Agent may determine in its 
absolute discretion and notify to Securityholders in accordance with Condition (q) (Notices). 
“Weighting” means, in respect of each Index Basket Component, the percentage figure specified in the Final 
Terms.  
2. 
PARTIAL EARLY REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES LINKED TO AN INDEX BASKET 
In respect of Securities linked to an Index Basket only, if an Early Redemption Event has occurred and the 
Calculation Agent determines in its absolute discretion that not all Index Basket Components are affected by 
such Early Redemption Event, the Issuer may elect to partially redeem the Securities in accordance with this 
paragraph notwithstanding any other provisions in the Conditions to the contrary. 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Securities in part, on the Early Redemption Date the Issuer shall, in respect 
of Securities that are issued with a nominal amount, redeem a nominal amount of each Security equal to the 
proportion of the total nominal amount of such Security which is the proportion of the Affected Index Basket 
Component(s) to the aggregate of all Index Basket Components (as determined by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion) at an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount, which would be determined in accordance 
with the terms of the Securities if the Index Basket in respect of each Security comprised solely the Affected 
Index Basket Component(s). 
Following such partial redemption, the Calculation Agent shall make any adjustment to the terms and 
conditions of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion appropriate to account for 
such partial redemption. 
For the purpose of this paragraph 2, “Affected Index Basket Component(s)” means the Index Basket 
Component(s) which are affected by the relevant Early Redemption Event as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.

--- Page 205 ---
Schedule 2 – Provisions relating to Index Linked Securities  
 
205 
Notice of such partial redemption shall be given to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition (q) 
(Notices). For the avoidance of doubt, the Early Redemption Event does not have to be continuing on the 
Early Redemption Date. 
3. 
INDEX ADJUSTMENT EVENT 
(a) 
If any Reference Underlying is (i) not calculated and announced by its Sponsor but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent or (ii) replaced by a successor 
index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula 
for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Reference Underlying, then in each 
case that index (the “Successor Reference Underlying”) shall be deemed to be the Reference 
Underlying. 
(b) 
If in the determination of the Calculation Agent (i) on or before the Maturity Date or the Early 
Redemption Date (as the case may be) the Sponsor announces that it will make a material change in 
the formula for or the method of calculating any Reference Underlying or in any other way materially 
modifies any Reference Underlying (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method 
to maintain any Reference Underlying in the event of changes in constituent securities and 
capitalisation and other routine events) (an “Index Modification”) or permanently cancels the 
Reference Underlying and no Successor Reference Underlying exists (an “Index Cancellation”) or 
(ii) on any date during the Valuation Period the Sponsor fails to calculate and announce the Reference 
Level (an “Index Disruption” and together with an Index Modification and an Index Cancellation, 
each an “Index Adjustment Event”), then the Calculation Agent acting in good faith may take the 
action described in (A) or (B) below: 
(A) 
determine the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any of the other terms of these 
Terms and Conditions to account for the Index Adjustment Event, and determine the effective 
date of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate 
adjustment by reference to (1) the adjustment in respect of the Index Adjustment Event made 
by the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith shall 
select (the “Options Exchange”) to options on the Reference Underlyings traded on that 
options exchange; or (2) if options on such Reference Underlyings are not traded on the 
Options Exchange, the rules and precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange to account 
for the Index Adjustment Event that in the determination of the Calculation Agent would have 
given rise to an adjustment by the Options Exchange if such options were so traded; or 
(B) 
having given an Early Redemption Notice to the Securityholders, redeem all, but not part only, 
of the Securities on the Early Redemption Date at their Early Redemption Amount, together 
with any Interest Amount and/or Premium Amount (if applicable) accrued to (but excluding) 
the Early Redemption Date. 
Upon the occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as 
reasonably practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition (q) (Notices) stating the 
occurrence of such Index Adjustment Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in 
relation thereto. However, Securityholders should be aware that there may be necessarily some delay between 
the time at which any one of the above events occurs and the time at which it is reported to Securityholders. 
4. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
None of the Issuer, the Agents or the Calculation Agent shall have any responsibility in respect of any error 
or omission or subsequent corrections made in the calculation or announcement of any Reference Underlying, 
whether caused by negligence or otherwise.

--- Page 206 ---
Overview of Provisions relating to the Securities while in Global Form 
 
206 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE SECURITIES 
WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
The following is an overview of the provisions contained in the Global Security which apply while any Securities 
are represented by a Global Security: 
Form 
The Securities (other than Rule 144A Securities) will be represented by the Regulation S Global Security. The 
Regulation S Global Security will be registered in the name of a nominee of the Common Depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a 
principal amount of Securities equal to the principal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid.  
Rule 144A Securities will be represented by the Rule 144A Global Security. The Rule 144A Global Security will be 
deposited either with a custodian for, and registered in the name of, Cede & Co. as a nominee for DTC or with a 
Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and registered in the name of a nominee for such 
Common Depositary. DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will credit each subscriber 
with a principal amount of Securities equal to the principal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Exchange 
The Global Security may be exchangeable in whole but not in part (free of charge to the holder) for definitive 
Securities if both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, have been closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an 
intention to permanently cease business or have in fact done so and no alternative clearing system is available. 
Thereupon, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, acting on the instructions of 
any holder, may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange of the Global Security for definitive Securities. 
On an exchange, the Global Security shall be surrendered to the Registrar. In exchange for the Global Security, the 
Issuer shall deliver, or procure the delivery of, duly executed and authenticated definitive Securities in an amount 
equal to the Aggregate Nominal Amount or Aggregate Issue Size of Securities, as the case may be. Until the 
exchange of the whole of the Global Security as aforesaid, the registered holder shall in all respects (except as 
otherwise provided herein and in the Conditions) be entitled to the same benefits as if he were the registered holder 
of the definitive securities represented thereby. 
Transfers 
Interests in the Securities are transferable in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of the Global Security, 
Condition 1 (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer) and the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as appropriate. 
Notices 
So long as the Global Security is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, notices required to be 
given to Securityholders may be given by delivery of the notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, for communication to Securityholders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Securityholders on the second weekday following such delivery. In addition: (a) for so long as the Securities are 
listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so 
require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange; and (b) for so long as the Securities are listed on the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin and the rules of Euronext Dublin so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by Euronext Dublin. 
Accountholders 
For so long as any of the Securities is represented by a Global Security, each person who is for the time being shown 
in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, as the holder of a particular

--- Page 207 ---
Overview of Provisions relating to the Securities while in Global Form 
 
207 
nominal amount or number of the Securities (each, an “Accountholder”) shall be treated by the Issuer as the holder 
of that nominal amount or number of Securities for all purposes other than with respect to payments in respect of 
the Securities, the right to which shall be vested, as against the Issuer, solely in the registered holder of the Global 
Security in accordance with and subject to its terms. Any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, as to the nominal amount or number of the Securities standing 
to the account of any Accountholder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes. 
Payments 
For so long as any of the Securities is represented by a Global Security, notwithstanding Condition 4(b) (Payments), 
all payments in respect of each such Security will be made by transfer to the Designated Account of the holder of 
the Security appearing in the Register at the close of business on the Clearing System Business Day immediately 
prior to the relevant payment date, where “Clearing System Business Day” means a day on which Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, are open for business.

--- Page 208 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
 
208 
CREDIT SUISSE AG 
Structure and Business of CS 
CS is a wholly-owned bank subsidiary of CSG, which is a holding company registered in Switzerland. The business 
of CS and its consolidated subsidiaries (together the “CS Group”) is substantially the same as the business of the 
Group, and substantially all of CS Group’s operations are conducted through the Wealth Management, Investment 
Bank, Swiss Bank and the Asset Management divisions. 
All references to the Group in the description of the business are describing the consolidated businesses carried on 
by CSG and its subsidiaries. For more information on the differences between CSG and CS, refer to “II—Operating 
and Financial review—Credit Suisse—Group and Bank differences” in the Annual Report 2021. 
The Group’s strategy builds on its core strengths: its position as a global leader in wealth management, a global 
investment bank focused on advice and solutions, a leading universal bank in Switzerland and multi-specialist asset 
manager. The Group seeks to follow a balanced approach with its wealth management activities, aiming to capitalise 
on both the large pool of wealth within mature markets as well as the significant growth in wealth in Asia Pacific 
and other emerging markets. Founded in 1856, the Group today has a global reach with operations in about 40 
countries and, as of 30th June 2022, had 51,410 employees from over 150 different nations. The Group’s broad 
footprint can help it to generate a more geographically balanced stream of revenues and net new assets and allows 
it to capture growth opportunities around the world. The Group serves its clients through four divisions – Wealth 
Management, Investment Bank, Swiss Bank and Asset Management – and four geographic regions – Switzerland, 
Europe, Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”), Asia Pacific and the Americas. 
Wealth Management 
The Wealth Management division offers comprehensive wealth management and investment solutions and tailored 
financing and advisory services to ultra-high-net-worth (“UHNW”) and high-net-worth (“HNW”) individuals and 
external asset managers. The Group’s wealth management business is among the industry’s leaders in its target 
markets. Wealth Management serves the Group’s clients along a client-centric and needs-based delivery model, 
utilising the broad spectrum of its global capabilities, including those offered by the Investment Bank and Asset 
Management divisions. Wealth Management serves its clients through coverage areas addressing the geographies of 
Switzerland, EMEA, Asia Pacific and Latin America.  
Investment Bank 
The Investment Bank division offers a broad range of financial products and services focused on client-driven 
businesses and also supports the Wealth Management division and its clients. The Investment Bank’s suite of 
products and services includes global securities sales, trading and execution, capital raising and advisory services. 
The Investment Bank’s clients include financial institutions, corporations, governments, sovereigns, UHNW and 
institutional investors, such as pension funds and hedge funds, financial sponsors and private individuals around the 
world. The division delivers its investment banking capabilities globally through regional and local teams based in 
both major developed and emerging market centres. The Group’s integrated business model enables the Investment 
Bank division to deliver high value, customised solutions that leverage the expertise offered across the Group and 
that help its clients unlock capital and value in order to achieve their strategic goals. 
Swiss Bank 
The Swiss Bank division offers comprehensive advice and a wide range of financial solutions to private, corporate 
and institutional clients primarily domiciled in the Group’s home market of Switzerland. Its private clients business 
has a leading franchise in Switzerland, including HNW, affluent, retail and small business clients. In addition, the 
Swiss Bank provides consumer finance services through its subsidiary BANK-now and the leading credit card 
brands through its investment in Swisscard AECS GmbH. The Swiss Bank’s corporate and institutional clients 
business serves large corporate clients, small and medium-sized enterprises, institutional clients, financial 
institutions and commodity traders.

--- Page 209 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
209 
Asset Management 
The Asset Management division offers investment solutions and services globally to a broad range of clients, 
including pension funds, governments, foundations and endowments, corporations and individuals, with a strong 
presence in the Group’s Swiss home market. Backed by the Group’s global presence, Asset Management offers 
active and passive solutions in traditional investments, as well as alternative investments. Asset Management applies 
ESG criteria at various points in the investment process with an active sustainability offering, which invests in line 
with the Credit Suisse Sustainable Investment Framework, and passive ESG index and exchange traded funds. 
Management of CS 
Board of Directors of CS 
The members of the Board of Directors of CS as of the date of this Base Prospectus are listed below. As of the date 
hereof, the composition of the Board of Directors of CS and the Board of Directors of CSG is identical. For purposes 
of the table below only, references to the “Board” are to both the Board of Directors of CS and the Board of Directors 
of CSG, except as otherwise specified. 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
Axel P. Lehmann 
 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
Professional history 
2021 – present: Credit Suisse 
Chair of the Board 
(2022 – present) 
Member of the Board 
(2021 – present) 
Chair of the Governance and 
Nominations Committee 
(2022 – present, member 
since 2021) 
Chair ad interim of the Risk 
Committee (2022 , member 
2021-2022) 
Member of the Conduct and 
Financial Crime Control 
Committee (2021 – 2022) 
Member of the Audit 
Committee (2021 – 2022) 
2009 – 2021: UBS 
Member of the Group 
Executive Board of UBS 
Group AG (2016 – 2021) 
President Personal & 
Corporate Banking and 
President UBS Switzerland 
(2018 – 2021) 
Group Chief Operating 
Officer (2016 – 2017) 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of UBS AG (2009 – 
2015) and UBS Group AG 
(2014 – 2015), Member of the

--- Page 210 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
210 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
Risk Committee (2009 – 
2015) and the Governance 
and Nominating Committee 
(2011 – 2013) 
1996 – 2015: Zurich Insurance 
Group Ltd. 
Member of the Group 
Executive Committee (2002 – 
2015) 
Group Chief Risk Officer 
(2009 – 2015), with additional 
responsibility for Group IT 
(2008 – 2010), Regional 
Chairman Europe (2011 – 
2015) and Regional Chairman 
Europe, Middle East and 
Africa (2015 – 2015), 
Chairman of the Board of 
Farmers Group Inc., CA 
(2011 – 2015) 
CEO, North America (2004 – 
2007) 
CEO, Continental Europe 
(2002 – 2004) and Europe 
General Insurance (2004 – 
2004) 
CEO, Northern Europe (2001 
– 2002) and Zurich Group 
Germany (2002 – 2003) 
Member of the Group 
Management Board (2000 – 
2002) 
Head of Group Business 
Development (2000 – 2001) 
Various other senior positions 
(1996 – 2001) 
1995 – 1995: Swiss Life 
Head of Strategic Planning 
and Controlling 
1985 – 1995: Institute of 
Insurance Economics  
at the University of St. Gallen 
(I.VW) 
Vice President, Head of 
Consulting and Management 
Development (1990 – 1995)

--- Page 211 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
211 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
Project Manager and 
Research Associate (1985 – 
1989) 
 
 
 
 
Education 
2000 Advanced Management 
Program, Wharton School, 
University of Pennsylvania, 
United States 
1996 Post-doctorate degree in 
Business Administration 
(Habilitation), University of St. 
Gallen, Switzerland 
1989 PhD in Economics and 
Business Administration, 
University of St. Gallen 
1984 Master’s degree in 
Economics and Business 
Administration, University of 
St. Gallen, Switzerland 
 
 
 
 
Other activities and functions 
Credit Suisse Foundation, chair 
University of St. Gallen (HSG), 
adjunct professor and 
international advisory board 
member 
Institute of Insurance 
Economics at the University of 
St. Gallen (I.VW), chairman of 
the executive board 
Swiss-American Chamber of 
Commerce, member 
Mirko Bianchi 
 
Credit Suisse AG  
Paradeplatz 8  
8001 Zurich  
Switzerland 
 
Professional history 
2022 – present: Credit Suisse 
Member of the Board (2022 – 
present) 
Chair of the Audit Committee 
(2022 – present) 
Member of the Risk 
Committee (2022 – present) 
Member of the Conduct and 
Financial Crime Control 
Committee (2022 – present) 
2009 – 2021: UniCredit 
CEO Group Wealth 
Management & Private 
Banking (2020 – 2021)

--- Page 212 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
212 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
Group Co-CFO (2019 – 2020) 
Group CFO (2016 – 2019) 
CFO Bank Austria & Central 
European Countries (2015 – 
2016) 
Head of Group Finance (2009 
– 2015) 
2000 – 2009: UBS 
Managing Director, Global 
Head of Ratings Advisory 
1998 – 2000: Deutsche Bank 
AG 
Director, Debt Capital 
Markets – Ratings Advisory  
1993 – 1998: Moody’s Investor 
Services 
Vice President, Senior 
Investor Analyst 
Prior to 1993: 
BCI Capital 
Equity Analyst 
Education 
1994 Executive Program in 
Financial Analysis, 
Northwestern University, 
Chicago, United States 
1991 MBA, Fordham 
University, New York, United 
States 
1988 Master of Science (M.Sc.) 
in Food Chemical and 
Processing Engineering, ETH 
Zurich, Switzerland 
 
 
 
 
 
Other activities and functions 
GSTS – Gui Sheng Tang 
Sinomedica Holding SA, Board 
Member 
 
Iris Bohnet 
 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
Professional history 
2012 – present: Credit Suisse 
Member of the Board 
(2012 – present)

--- Page 213 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
213 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
Chair of the Sustainability 
Advisory Committee (2021 – 
present) 
Member of the Compensation 
Committee (2021 – present) 
Member of the Innovation 
and Technology Committee 
(2015 – 2021) 
1998 – present: Harvard 
Kennedy School 
Albert Pratt Professor of 
Business and Government 
(2018 – present) 
Co-Director of the Women 
and Public Policy Program 
(2018 – present) 
Director (2008 – 2018) 
Academic Dean (2018 – 
2021, 2011 – 2014) 
Professor of Public Policy 
(2006 – 2018) 
Associate Professor of Public 
Policy (2003 – 2006) 
Assistant professor of public 
policy (1998 – 2003) 
1997 – 1998: Haas School of 
Business, 
University of California at 
Berkeley 
Visiting scholar 
 
 
 
 
Education 
1997 Doctorate in Economics, 
University of Zurich, 
Switzerland 
1992 Master’s degree in 
Economic History, Economics 
and Political Science, University 
of Zurich, Switzerland 
 
 
 
 
Other activities and functions 
Publicis Groupe Diversity 
Progress Council, member 
(listed company) 
Economic Dividends for Gender 
Equality (EDGE), advisory 
board member

--- Page 214 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
214 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
We Shape Tech, advisory board 
member 
Women in Banking and Finance, 
patron 
UK Government Equalities 
Office/BIT, advisor 
Clare Brady 
 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland  
 
Professional history 
2021 – present: Credit Suisse 
Member of the Board (2021 – 
present) 
Member of the Sustainability 
Advisory Committee (2022-
present) 
Member of the Audit 
Committee (2021 – present) 
Chair of the Conduct and 
Financial Crime Control 
Committee (2022 – present, 
member since 2021) 
Member of the Board of 
Credit Suisse International 
and Credit Suisse Securities 
(Europe) Limited (UK 
subsidiaries) (2021) 
2014 – 2017: International 
Monetary Fund (IMF) 
Director of Internal Audit 
2009 – 2013: World Bank Group 
Vice President and Auditor 
General 
2005 – 2009: Deutsche Bank 
AG 
Managing Director, Group 
Audit, Asia Pacific Regional 
Head (2007 – 2009) 
Managing Director, Group 
Audit, UK Regional Head and 
Business Partner for Global 
Banking and Chief 
Administration Officer (2005 
– 2006) 
2002 – 2005: Bank of England 
The Auditor 
2001 – 2002: Barclays Capital 
Global Head of Internal Audit 
2000 – 2001: HSBC

--- Page 215 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
215 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
Global Head of Compliance, 
Private Banking 
1995 – 2000: Safra Republic 
Holdings 
Chief Auditor 
1995 – 2000: Republic National 
Bank of New York (RNBNY) 
Director of European Audit, 
Senior Vice President 
Prior to 1995: 
First National Bank of 
Chicago 
Vice President and Regional 
Head of Europe and Asia 
Pacific 
Bank of New York 
Auditor 
National Audit Office, UK 
Auditor 
 
 
 
 
Education 
1994 Chartered Governance 
Professional (ACG), Chartered 
Governance Institute, UK 
1987 Bachelor of Science in 
Economics, London School of 
Economics, UK 
 
 
 
 
Other activities and functions 
Fidelity Asian Values PLC, non-
executive director, senior 
independent director (SID) and 
member of the audit committee, 
the management engagement 
committee and the nominations 
committee (listed company) 
The Golden Charter Trust and 
the Golden Charter Trust 
Limited, trustee and non-
executive director (resp.) and 
member of the audit committee 
International Federation of Red 
Cross and Red Crescent 
Societies (IFRC), member of the 
audit and risk commission 
Christian Gellerstad 
 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
 
Professional history 
2019 – present: Credit Suisse

--- Page 216 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
216 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
Switzerland  
Member of the Board 
(2019 – present) 
Chair of the Compensation 
Committee (2022 – present, 
member since 2019) 
Member of the Digital 
Transformation and 
Technology Committee (2022 
– present) 
Member of the Conduct and 
Financial Crime Control 
Committee (2019 – present, 
Chair 2020-2022) 
Member of the Governance 
and Nominations Committee 
(2020 – present) 
Member of the Board of 
Credit Suisse 
(Schweiz) AG, (Swiss 
subsidiary) (2021 – present) 
1994 – 2018: Pictet Group 
CEO, Pictet Wealth 
Management (2007 – 2018) 
Executive Committee 
Member, Banque Pictet & Cie 
SA, Geneva (2013 – 2018) 
Equity Partner, Pictet Group 
(2006 – 2018) 
CEO and Managing Director, 
Banque Pictet & Cie (Europe) 
S.A., Luxembourg 
(2000 – 2007) 
Deputy CEO and Senior Vice 
President, Pictet Bank & Trust 
Ltd., Bahamas (1996 – 2000) 
Financial Analyst & Portfolio 
Manager, Pictet & Cie, 
Geneva (1994 – 1996) 
Before 1994: Cargill 
International 
Emerging Markets Trader 
 
 
 
 
Education 
2019 Board Director Diploma, 
International Institute for 
Management Development 
(IMD), Switzerland

--- Page 217 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
217 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
1996 Certified International 
Investment Analyst (CIIA) and 
Certified Portfolio Manager and 
Financial Analyst (AZEK) 
1993 Master’s in Business 
Administration and Economics, 
University of St. Gallen (HSG), 
Switzerland 
 
 
 
 
Other activities and functions 
Investis Holding SA, board 
member (listed company) 
Elatior SA, chairman 
Nubica SA, board member 
Taurus SA, board member 
FAVI SA, board member 
AFICA SA, board member 
Tsampéhro SA, board member 
Lucerne Festival, member of the 
board of trustees 
Fondation G-F. Barras European 
Masters, member of the board of 
trustees 
Keyu Jin 
 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
Professional history 
2022 – present: Credit Suisse 
Member of the Board (2022 – 
present) 
Member of the Risk 
Committee (2022 – present)  
Member of the Digital 
Transformation and 
Technology Committee (2022 
– present) 
2009-present: The London 
School of Economics 
Tenured Associate Professor 
of Economics (2013 – 
present) 
Assistant Professor of 
Economics (2009 – 2012) 
2016 – 2017: Tsinghua 
University 
Visiting Professor in 
Economics  
2015: Berkeley University

--- Page 218 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
218 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
Visiting Professor in 
Economics  
2012 – 2013: Yale University 
Visiting Professor in 
Economics  
2011 – 2012: International 
Monetary Fund (IMF) 
Visiting Scholar 
2011 – 2012: Moore Capital  
Consultant  
2009: Morgan Stanley  
Research Department  
2008: Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York  
Research Department  
2003: World Bank Group  
Economist  
2002: Goldman Sachs 
International  
Investment Banking Analyst  
2001: Morgan Stanley  
Equity Research 
2000: J.P. Morgan 
Derivatives 
 
 
 
 
Education 
2009 PhD in Economics, 
Harvard University, United 
States 
2006 MA in Economics, 
Harvard University, United 
States 
2004 BA in Economics, Harvard 
University, United States 
 
 
 
 
Other activities and functions 
Alnnovation Technology Group, 
non-executive director (listed 
company) 
Richemont Group, non-
executive director (listed 
company)  
Stanhope-Forbes Family Trust, 
non-executive director 
Michael Klein 
 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
 
Professional history 
2018 – present: Credit Suisse

--- Page 219 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
219 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
Member of the Board (2018 – 
present) 
Member of the Sustainability 
Advisory Committee (2022-
present) 
Member of the Compensation 
Committee (2019 – present) 
Member of the Risk 
Committee (2018 – 2021) 
2010 – present: M Klein & 
Company 
Managing Partner 
1985 – 2008: Citigroup 
Vice Chairman 
Chairman Institutional Clients 
Group 
Chairman and Co-CEO 
Markets and Banking 
Co-President Markets and 
Banking 
CEO, Global Banking 
CEO Markets and Banking 
EMEA 
Various senior management 
positions  
Education 
1985 Bachelor of Science in 
Economics (Finance and 
Accounting), The Wharton 
School, University of 
Pennsylvania, United States 
Other activities and functions 
MultiPlan, board member (listed 
company) 
Churchill Capital Corp. V, VI, 
VII, board member (SPACs, 
listed company) 
AltC Acquisition Corp., board 
member (listed company) 
Skillsoft Ltd., board member 
(listed company) 
TBG Europe NV, board member 
Magic Leap, board member 
Chatham House, senior adviser

--- Page 220 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
220 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
Harvard Global advisory board, 
member 
Investments Committee and 
Joint Staff Pension Fund, United 
Nations, advisory board member 
Peterson Institute for 
International Economics, board 
member 
The World Food Programme, 
investment advisory board 
member 
Conservation International, 
board member 
Shan Li 
 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
Professional history 
2019 – present: Credit Suisse 
Member of the Board 
(2019 – present) 
Member of the Compensation 
Committee 
(2022 – present) 
Member of the Risk 
Committee (2019 – present) 
2015 – present: Silk Road 
Finance Corporation Limited, 
Hong Kong 
Member of the Board 
2010 – present: Chinastone 
Capital Management Limited, 
Shanghai 
Chairman and CEO 
2005 – present: San Shan (HK) 
Ltd 
Founding Partner 
2013 – 2015: China 
Development Bank, Beijing 
Chief International Business 
Advisor 
2010 – 2011: UBS Asia 
Investment Bank, Hong Kong 
Vice Chairman 
2001 – 2005: Bank of China 
International Holdings, Hong 
Kong 
CEO

--- Page 221 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
221 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
1999 – 2001: Lehman Brothers 
Asia, Hong Kong 
Head of China Investment 
Banking 
1998 – 1999: China 
Development Bank, Beijing 
Deputy Head of Investment 
Bank Preparation Leading 
Group 
1993 – 1998: Goldman Sachs 
Executive Director, Goldman 
Sachs International, London 
(1997 – 1998) 
Executive Director, Goldman 
Sachs (Asia), Hong Kong 
(1995 – 1997) 
International Economist, 
Goldman Sachs & Co., New 
York (1993 – 1995) 
1993: Credit Suisse First 
Boston, New York, 
Associate 
Education 
1994 PhD in Economics, 
Massachusetts Institute of 
Technology (MIT), United 
States 
1988 MA in Economics, 
University of California, Davis, 
United States 
1986 Bachelor of Science in 
Management Information 
Systems, Tsinghua University, 
Beijing, China 
Other activities and functions 
Zurich Insurance, senior China 
adviser (listed company) 
Beijing International Wealth 
Management Institute, chairman 
Chinese Financial Association 
of Hong Kong, vice chairman 
Bauhinia Party, co-founder 
13th National Committee of the 
Chinese People’s Political 
Consultative Conference 
(CPPCC), member

--- Page 222 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
222 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
MIT Economics Visiting 
Committee, member 
Silk Road Planning Research 
Center, vice chairman 
Tsinghua Institute for 
Governance Studies, vice 
chairman 
MIT Sloan Finance Advisory 
Board, member 
Harvard University, Kennedy 
School Dean’s Council member  
Seraina Macia 
 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
Professional history 
2015 – present: Credit Suisse 
Member of the Board 
(2015 – present) 
Member of the Digital 
Transformation and 
Technology Committee 
(2022-present) 
Member of the Audit 
Committee (2021 – present, 
2015 – 2018) 
Member of the Risk 
Committee (2018 – 2021) 
2020 – present: Joyn Insurance 
CEO and Co-Founder  
2017 – 2020: Blackboard U.S. 
Holdings, Inc. (AIG 
Corporation) 
Executive Vice President of 
AIG & CEO of Blackboard 
(AIG technology-focused 
subsidiary; formerly Hamilton 
USA) 
2016 – 2017: Hamilton 
Insurance Group 
 CEO, Hamilton USA 
2013 – 2016: AIG Corporation 
Executive Vice President of 
AIG and CEO Regional 
Management and Operations 
of AIG, New York 
(2015 – 2016) 
CEO and President of AIG 
EMEA, London 
(2013 – 2016)

--- Page 223 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
223 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
2010 – 2013: XL Insurance 
North America, Chief Executive 
2002 – 2010: Zurich Financial 
Services 
President Specialties Business 
Unit, Zurich North America 
Commercial, New York 
(2007 – 2010) 
CFO, Zurich North America 
Commercial, New York 
(2006 – 2007) 
Various Positions, among 
others: Head of the joint 
Investor Relations and Rating 
Agencies Management 
Departments; Head of Rating 
Agencies Management; 
Senior Investor Relations 
Officer (2002 – 2008) 
2000 – 2002: NZB Neue 
Zürcher Bank Founding 
Partner and Financial Analyst 
1990 – 2000: Swiss Re 
Rating Agency Coordinator, 
Swiss Re Group (2000) 
Senior Underwriter and 
Deputy Head of Financial 
Products, Melbourne (1996 – 
1999) 
Various Senior Underwriting 
and Finance Positions, Zurich 
(1990 – 1996) 
Education 
2001 Chartered Financial 
Analyst (CFA), CFA Institute, 
United States 
1999 MBA, Monash Mt Eliza 
Business School, Australia 
1997 Postgraduate Certificate in 
Management, Deakin 
University, Australia 
Other activities and functions 
Portage Fintech Acquisition 
Corporation, board member 
(listed company) 
BanQu, chair

--- Page 224 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
224 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
CFA Institute, member 
Food Bank for New York City, 
chair 
Young Presidents Organization, 
member 
Blythe Masters 
 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland  
 
Professional history 
2021 – present: Credit Suisse 
Member of the Board (2021 – 
present) 
Chair of the Digital 
Transformation and 
Technology Committee (2022 
– present) 
Member of the Governance 
and Nominations Committee 
(2022 – present) 
Member of the Compensation 
Committee (2021 – 2022 
Member of the Risk 
Committee (2021) 
Chair of Credit Suisse 
Holdings (USA), Inc. (2022 – 
present) 
2019 – present: Motive Partners 
(listed company) 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of Forge Global 
Holdings , Inc. (listed 
company) (2022 – present) 
President of Motive Capital 
Corporation II (SPAC) (2021 
– present) 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of CAIS (2021 – 
present) 
Consultant of Apollo Global 
Management (2021 – present) 
Motive Partners, Founding 
Partner (2019 – present) 
2015 – 2018: Digital Asset 
Holdings LLC 
Chief Executive Officer 
1991 – 2015: J.P. Morgan Chase 
& Co.

--- Page 225 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
225 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
Head of Corporate and 
Investment Bank Regulatory 
Affairs (2010 – 2014) 
Head of Global Commodities 
(2007 – 2014) 
Chief Financial Officer 
Investment Bank (2004 – 
2007) 
Head of Credit Policy and 
Strategy and Global Credit 
Portfolio (2002 – 2004) 
Co-Head of Asset Backed 
Securitisation and Head of 
Global Structured Credit 
(2000 – 2002) 
Co-Head of North American 
Credit Portfolio (1998 – 
2000) 
Head of Global Credit 
Derivatives Marketing (1995 
– 1998) 
Various roles in Fixed Income 
Markets (1991 – 1995) 
Education 
1991 Bachelor of Arts in 
Economics, Trinity College, 
Cambridge, UK 
Other activities and functions 
GCM Grosvenor, board member 
and chair of the Audit 
Committee (listed company) 
Richard Meddings 
 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
Professional history 
2020 – present: Credit Suisse 
Member of the Board (2020 – 
present) 
Chair of the Risk Committee 
(2022 – present, member 
since 2020, Chair (a.i.) 2021) 
Member of the Audit 
Committee (2022 – present, 
Chair 2020 – 2022) 
Member of the Sustainability 
Advisory Committee (2021 – 
2022)

--- Page 226 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
226 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
Member of the Governance 
and Nominations Committee 
(2020 – present) 
Member of the Conduct and 
Financial Crime Control 
Committee (2020 – 2022) 
Member of the Board of 
Credit Suisse International 
and Credit Suisse Securities 
(Europe) Ltd. (UK 
subsidiaries) (2022 – present) 
2018 – 2021: TSB Bank plc 
Chairman (2019 – 2021) 
Interim Executive Chairman 
(2018 – 2019) 
2017 – 2019: Jardine Lloyd 
Thompson Group Plc 
Non-Executive Director 
Chair of the Remuneration 
Committee 
Member of the Audit and Risk 
Committee 
2015 – 2019: Deutsche Bank 
AG 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
Chair of the Audit Committee, 
Member of the Risk 
Committee and Member of 
the Strategy Committee 
2014 – 2017: Legal & General 
Group Plc 
Non-Executive Director 
Chair of the Risk Committee 
Member of the Audit and 
Remuneration Committee 
2008 – 2014: 3i Group plc 
Non-Executive Director and 
Senior Independent Director 
Chair of the Audit and Risk 
Committee 
2002 – 2014: Standard 
Chartered Group plc 
Group Executive Director 
Finance Director (2006 – 
2014)

--- Page 227 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
227 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
2000 – 2002: Barclays Plc 
Group Financial Controller 
COO, Wealth Management 
Division 
1999 – 2000: Woolwich plc 
Group Finance Director 
Prior to 1999: 
BZW (CSFB) (1996 – 1999) 
Hill Samuel Bank (1984 – 
1996) 
Price Waterhouse (1980 – 
1984) 
 
 
 
 
Education 
1983 UK Chartered 
Accountant Institute of 
Chartered Accountants in 
England and Wales 
Other activities and functions 
1980 MA Modern History, 
Exeter College, Oxford, UK 
 
 
 
 
Other activities and functions 
NHS England, chair 
Hastings Educational 
Opportunity Area, chair 
Amanda (Mandy) Norton 
 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
Professional history 
2022 - present: Credit Suisse 
Member of the Board 
(2022 - present) 
Member of the Compensation 
Committee (2022 - present) 
2018 - 2022: Wells Fargo 
Chief Risk Officer 
2011 - 2018: J.P. Morgan Chase 
Chief Risk Officer, Consumer 
& Community Banking 
(2013 - 2018) 
Chief Risk Officer, Mortgage 
Banking (2011 - 2013) 
2009 - 2011: Ally Financial 
Chief Risk Officer, Mortgage 
& Head of Market Risk 
1995 - 2009: Bank of America

--- Page 228 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
228 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
Head of Enterprise Risk 
Management, Consumer 
Banking (2007 - 2009) 
Portfolio Manager, Corporate 
Investments Group 
(2000 - 2007) 
Portfolio Analytics Lead, 
Corporate Treasury 
(1998 - 2000) 
Market Risk Director (Europe 
and Asia) (1995 - 1998) 
1989 - 1995: Chase Manhattan 
Bank 
Various positions – operations 
and market risk 
Education 
1989 Bachelor of Science (BSc) 
in Mathematics & Statistics, 
University of Bath, UK 
Other activities and functions 
Risk Management Association, 
director and member of the 
executive committee 
The Conservancy, North 
Carolina Chapter, Trustee 
Ana Paula Pessoa  
 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
Professional history 
2018 – present: Credit Suisse 
Member of the Board 
(2018 – present) 
Member of the Conduct and 
Financial Crime Control 
Committee (2019 – present) 
Member of the Audit 
Committee (2018 – present) 
Member of the Innovation 
and Technology Committee 
(2018 – 2021 
Chair of Credit Suisse Brazil 
Advisory Board (2022 – 
present) 
Chair of Credit Suisse Bank 
(Europe) S.A. (2021) 
2020 – present: Avanti Ltds 
Partner

--- Page 229 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
229 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
2015 – 2017: Olympic & 
Paralympic Games 2016 
CFO of Organising 
Committee 
2012 – 2015: Brunswick Group 
Managing Partner of Brazilian 
Branch 
2001 – 2011: Infoglobo 
Newspaper Group 
CFO and Innovation Director 
1993 – 2001: Globo 
Organizations 
Senior management positions 
in several Media Divisions 
Education 
1991 MA, FRI (Development 
Economics),  
Stanford University, California, 
United States 
1988 BA, Economics and 
International Relations, Stanford 
University, California, United 
States 
Other activities and functions 
Cosan, board member (listed 
company) 
Suzano Pulp and Paper, board 
member (listed company) 
Vinci Group, board member 
(listed company)  
News Corporation, board 
member (listed company) 
Kunumi AI, board member and 
investor 
Global Advisory Council for 
Stanford University, member 
Instituto Atlántico de Gobierno, 
advisory board member 
Fundação Roberto Marinho, 
Member of the Audit Committee 
 
 
The Board consists solely of non-executive directors within the Group, of which at least the majority must be 
determined to be independent. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, all members of the Board are independent.

--- Page 230 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
230 
Executive Board 
The Executive Board of CS (the “Executive Board”) is responsible for the day-to-day operational management of 
the Group, under the leadership of the CEO. Its main duties and responsibilities include: 
 
establishment of the strategic business plans for the Group overall and for the principal businesses, which are 
subject to approval by the Board; 
 
regular review and co-ordination of significant initiatives, projects and business developments in the divisions 
and the corporate functions, including important risk management matters; 
 
regular review of the consolidated and divisional financial performance, including progress on key 
performance indicators, as well as the Group’s capital and liquidity positions and those of its major 
subsidiaries; 
 
appointment and dismissal of senior managers, with the exception of managers from Internal Audit, and the 
periodic review of senior management talent across the Group and talent development programmes; 
 
review and approval of business transactions, including mergers, acquisitions, establishment of joint ventures 
and establishment of subsidiary companies; and 
 
approval of key policies for the Group. 
The members of the Executive Board as of the date of this Base Prospectus are listed below. As of the date hereof, 
the composition of the Executive Board of CS and the Executive Board of CSG is identical, with the exception of 
Mr. Helfenstein, who is a member of the Executive Board of CSG, but not of CS. For purposes of the table below 
only, references to the “Executive Board” are to both the Executive Board of CS and the Executive Board of CSG, 
except as otherwise specified. 
 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
Ulrich Körner  
 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland  
 
Professional history 
2021 – present: Credit Suisse  
Chief Executive Officer 
(2022-present) 
CEO Asset Management 
(2021 – present) 
Member of the Executive 
Board (2021 – present) 
2009 – 2020: UBS 
Member of the Group 
Executive Board (2009 – 
2020) 
Senior Advisor to the CEO of 
UBS Group (2019 – 2020) 
CEO of UBS Asset 
Management (2014 – 2019) 
CEO of UBS Europe, Middle 
East & Africa (2011 – 2019) 
Group Chief Operating 
Officer, CEO Corporate 
Center (2009 – 2013)

--- Page 231 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
231 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
1998 – 2009: Credit Suisse 
Member of the Group 
Executive Board (1998 – 
2009) 
CEO Switzerland (2006 – 
2008) 
Credit Suisse/Credit Suisse 
Financial Services, CFO 
(2002 – 2005), COO (2004 – 
2005) 
CEO Technology and 
Services (2000 – 2001) 
CFO Switzerland (1998 – 
2000) 
Prior to 1998:  
McKinsey & Company 
Senior Engagement Manager 
Revisuisse, Price Waterhouse 
Auditor 
 
Education 
1993 PhD in Economics, 
University of St. Gallen, 
Switzerland 
1988 Master’s degree in 
Economics, University of St. 
Gallen, Switzerland  
 
Other activities and functions 
Lyceum Alpinum Zuoz AG, vice 
chairman of the board of 
directors (listed company) 
 
Francesco De Ferrari 
 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
Professional history 
2022 – present: Credit Suisse 
CEO Wealth Management 
(2022 – present) 
CEO EMEA (ad interim) 
(2022 – present) 
Member of the Executive 
Board (2022 – present) 
2018 – 2021: AMP 
CEO and Managing Director, 
AMP Capital (2020 – 2021) 
CEO and Managing Director, 
AMP Limited (2018 – 2021)

--- Page 232 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
232 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
2002 – 2018: Credit Suisse 
CEO, South East Asia and 
Frontier Markets (2015 – 
2018) 
CEO, Private Banking Asia 
Pacific (2012 – 2018) 
CEO, Private Banking Italy 
(2008 – 2011) 
Business COO, Private 
Banking EMEA (2007 – 
2008) 
Various management and 
other positions with Credit 
Suisse Italy (2002 – 2006) 
1999 – 2001: B2Vision & 
ASPESI Spa 
Founder 
1996 – 1999: McKinsey & 
Company 
Engagement Manager 
1993 – 1995: Nestlé 
Internal Audit, International 
Management Training 
Program 
1990 – 1992: Deloitte & Touche 
Financial Auditor 
 
 
 
 
Education 
1996 MBA, INSEAD, 
Fontainebleau, France 
1995 Bachelor of Arts in 
Economics and International 
Business, New York University, 
United States 
 
 
 
 
Other activities and functions 
Mr. De Ferrari currently does 
not hold directorships in other 
organisations 
Markus Diethelm 
 
Credit Suisse Group AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
Professional history 
2022 - present: Credit Suisse 
General Counsel 
(2022 - present) 
Member of the Executive 
Board (2022 - present) 
 
2008 - 2022: UBS 
Of Counsel (2021 - 2022) 
Group General Counsel and 
Member of the Group

--- Page 233 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
233 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
Executive Board of UBS 
Group AG (2014 - 2021) 
Group General Counsel and 
Member of the Group 
Executive Board of UBS AG 
(2008 - 2021) 
Member of the Executive 
Board of UBS Business 
Solutions AG (2015 - 2016) 
1998 - 2008: Swiss Re 
Member of the Group 
Executive Board 
(2007 - 2008) 
Group Chief Legal Officer 
(1998 - 2008) 
1992 - 1998: Gibson, Dunn & 
Crutcher, Brussels and Paris 
Attorney-at-law (1992 - 1998) 
1989 - 1992: Shearman & 
Sterling, New York 
Attorney-at-law (1989 - 1992) 
1988 - 1989: Paul, Weiss, 
Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison, 
New York 
Attorney-at-law (1988 - 1989) 
1984 - 1985: District Court of 
Uster 
Law Clerk (1984 - 1985) 
1983 - 1984: Bär & Karrer, 
Zurich 
Associate (1983 - 1984) 
 
 
 
 
Education 
1997 Admission to the bar of the 
Canton of Geneva, Switzerland 
1992 Doctorate in Law, Stanford 
Law School, United States 
1991 Admission to the bar of the 
State of New York, United 
States 
1988 Master of the Science of 
Law, Stanford Law School, 
United States 
1986 Admission to the bar of the 
Canton of Zurich, Switzerland 
1983 Master in Law, University 
of Zurich, Switzerland 
 
 
 
 
Other activities and functions

--- Page 234 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
234 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
Swiss-American Chamber of 
Commerce, chairman of the 
legal committee 
American Swiss Foundation, co-
chairman and chairman of the 
Swiss Advisory Council 
New York State Council of 
Business Leaders in Support of 
Access to Justice, member 
 
Christine Graeff 
 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
Professional history 
2021 – present: Credit Suisse 
Global Head of Human 
Resources (2022 – present) 
Member of the Executive 
Board (2022 – present) 
Group Head of Corporate 
Communications and Deputy 
Head of Human Resources 
(2021 – 2022) 
2013 – 2020: European Central 
Bank 
Director General of 
Communications 
2001 – 2013: Brunswick Group 
GmbH 
Partner and Managing 
Director 
1999 – 2001: Burson-Marsteller 
Financial Services and 
Investor Relations Practice 
1996 – 1999: Dresdner 
Kleinwort Benson 
Corporate Finance Analyst, 
M&A 
 
 
 
 
Education 
1998 Securities Institute 
Diploma and SFA, Chartered 
Institute for Securities & 
Investment (CISI), UK 
1995 Bachelor of Arts in 
European Business 
Administration, European 
Partnership of Business Schools 
(EPBS), London (UK) and 
Reims (France) 
 
 
 
 
Other activities and functions

--- Page 235 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
235 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
Atlantik-Brücke, advisory board 
member 
Patronatsverein für die 
Städtischen Bühnen Frankfurt, 
member 
The English Theatre Frankfurt, 
chair 
Communication Quadriga 
University, advisory board 
member 
Joanne Hannaford 
 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
Professional history 
2022 – present: Credit Suisse 
Chief Technology and 
Operations Officer (2022 – 
present) 
Member of the Executive 
Board (2022 – present) 
1997 – 2022: Goldman Sachs 
Partner and Global Co-Head 
of Platform Engineering, 
EMEA Head of Engineering 
and Global Head of 
Regulatory Engineering 
(2013 – 2021) 
Global Head of Corporate 
and Operations Technology 
(2016 – 2017) 
Partner and Co-Head of 
Enterprise Platforms (2013 – 
2016) 
Managing Director and 
Global Head of Compliance 
and Legal Technology (2001 
– 2013) 
Vice President, Statistical 
Engineer and Investment 
Research (1997 – 2001) 
1994 – 1997: NatWest Bank 
Executive Director, Global 
Volume Trading Systems  
Prior to 1994: 
UBS (1993 – 1994) 
Merrill Lynch (1992 – 1993) 
 
 
 
 
Education 
1992 Bachelor of Science in 
Computer Science, Staffordshire 
University, UK 
1990 BTEC Higher National 
Diploma (HND) in Computer

--- Page 236 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
236 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
Science, Anglia Ruskin 
University, UK 
 
 
 
 
Other activities and functions 
Royal Society Science, Industry 
and Translation Committee, 
member 
British Army Staff Corp, major 
Founders4Schools Charity, 
member of the Board of 
Trustees 
British Computer Society, 
fellow 
Rafael Lopez Lorenzo 
 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
Professional history 
2015 – present: Credit Suisse 
Chief Compliance Officer 
(2021 – present) 
Member of the Executive 
Board (2021 – present) 
Chief Audit Executive/Global 
Head of Group Internal Audit 
(2017 – 2021) 
Chief Auditor of Technology, 
Operations, Data and Change 
(2015 – 2016) 
2003 – 2015: J.P. Morgan Chase 
& Co. 
Global Head of Corporate 
and Investment Bank, Risk, 
Chief Investment Office and 
Treasury Technology Audit 
(2012 – 2015) 
Global Head of Investment 
Bank Technology and 
Operations Audit (2010 – 
2012) 
Regional Head of Latin 
America Audit (2007 – 2010) 
Investment Banking 
Technology Audit (2003 – 
2007) 
2000 – 2003: 
PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) 
Senior Associate – Management 
and Risk Consulting 
 
 
 
 
Education

--- Page 237 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
237 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
2000 Masters in European 
Business, École Supérieure de 
Commerce de Paris, France 
1998 Degree in Economics and 
Business Administration, 
University of Huelva, Spain 
 
 
 
 
Other activities and functions 
Mr. Lopez Lorenzo currently 
does not hold directorships in 
other organisations 
Edwin Low 
 
Credit Suisse 
One Raffles Link 
South Lobby, # 03/#04-01 
Singapore 039393 
Singapore 
 
Professional history 
1996 - present: Credit Suisse 
CEO Region Asia Pacific 
(2022 - present) 
Member of the Executive 
Board (2022 - present) 
Co-Head of Investment Bank 
APAC (2022) 
CEO Southeast Asia and 
Frontier Markets 
(2019 - 2022) 
Co-Head of Investment 
Banking & Capital Markets 
APAC (2015 - 2022) 
Co-Head of IBCM Southeast 
Asia (2012 - 2015) 
Deputy CEO Singapore 
(2011 - 2016) 
Head of Singapore and 
Malaysia Coverage, IBCM 
(2006 - 2015) 
Head of Singapore Coverage, 
IBCM (2004 - 2006) 
Head of Corporate Finance 
Southeast Asia, IBCM 
(1998 - 2004) 
Associate Corporate Finance 
(1996 - 1998) 
1994 - 1995: Schroders 
Associate 
 
1990 - 1992: Mallesons Stephen 
Jaques 
   Associate 
 
 
 
 
Education

--- Page 238 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
238 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
1994 MBA, Australian 
Graduate School of 
Management, University of 
New South Wales, Australia 
1990 Bachelor of Law 
(Honors), University of 
Western Australia 
1989 Bachelor of 
Jurisprudence, University of 
Western Australia 
 
 
 
 
Other activities and 
functions 
Mr. Low currently does not 
hold directorships in other 
organizations 
David Mathers  
 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
Professional history 
1998 – present: Credit Suisse 
Chief Financial Officer (2010 
– present) 
Member of the Executive 
Board (2010 – present) 
CEO of Credit Suisse 
International and Credit 
Suisse Securities (Europe) 
Limited (UK subsidiaries) 
(2016 – present) 
Chairman of Asset Resolution 
Unit (2019 – present) 
Head of Strategic Resolution 
Unit (2015 – 2018) 
Head of IT and Operations 
(2012 – 2015) 
Head of Finance and COO of 
Investment Banking (2007 – 
2010) 
Senior positions in Credit 
Suisse’s Equity Business, 
including Director of 
European Research and Co 
Head of European Equities 
(1998 – 2007) 
Prior to 1998: HSBC 
Global Head of Equity 
Research (1997 – 1998)

--- Page 239 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
239 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
Research Analyst, HSBC 
James Capel (1987 – 1997) 
Education 
1991 Associate Certification, 
Society of Investment Analysis 
1991 MA in Natural Sciences, 
University of Cambridge, 
England 
1987 BA in Natural Sciences, 
University of Cambridge, 
England 
Other activities and functions 
European CFO Network, 
member 
Women in Science and 
Engineering (WISE) programme 
and academic awards and grants 
at Robinson College, 
Cambridge, sponsor 
TheCityUK, leadership council 
member 
Royal Horticulture Society, 
advisory plant committee 
member 
Various other charitable and 
conservation commitments 
Christian Meissner 
 
Credit Suisse  
Eleven Madison Avenue 
New York, NY 10010 
United States 
 
Professional history 
2020 – present: Credit Suisse 
CEO Region Americas (2022 
– present) 
CEO Investment Bank (2021 
– present) 
Member of the Executive 
Board (2021 – present) 
Vice Chairman Investment 
Banking and Co-Head IWM 
Investment Banking Advisory 
of Credit Suisse Securities 
(USA) LLC (US subsidiary) 
(2020 – 2021) 
2019 – 2020: Meissner Partners 
LLC 
Founding Partner 
2010 – 2019: Bank of America 
Merrill Lynch

--- Page 240 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
240 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
Head of Global Corporate 
and Investment Banking 
(2012 – 2019) 
Co-Head of Global Corporate 
and Investment Banking 
(2011 – 2012) 
Head of Investment Banking 
EMEA (2010 – 2011) 
2008 – 2010: Nomura 
International plc 
Deputy Global Head of 
Investment Banking 
2004 – 2008: Lehman Brothers 
International Ltd. 
Co-Chief Executive Officer 
EMEA (2008) 
Co-Head of Investment 
Banking EMEA (2006 – 
2008) 
Head of Investment Banking 
Germany, Austria and 
Switzerland (2004 – 2008) 
1994 – 2004: Goldman Sachs 
International 
Partner (2002 – 2004) 
Co-Head of European Equity 
Capital Markets (2001 – 
2004) 
Analyst/Associate in Equity 
Capital Markets (1994 – 
2000) 
Prior to 1994: 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Morgan Stanley & Co. 
Education 
1990 Bachelor of Arts in 
European History, Princeton 
University, United States 
Other activities and functions 
Mr. Meissner currently does not 
hold directorships in other 
organizations 
David Wildermuth 
 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 
88001 Zurich 
 
Professional history 
2022 – present: Credit Suisse

--- Page 241 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
241 
Name 
 
Business address 
 
Position held 
Switzerland 
Chief Risk Officer (2022 – 
present) 
Member of the Executive 
Board (2022 – present) 
Member of the Sustainability 
Advisory Committee (2022 – 
present) 
1997 – 2022: Goldman Sachs 
Deputy Chief Risk Officer 
(2015 – 2022) 
Partner (2010 – 2022) 
Global Chief Credit Officer 
and Global Head Credit Risk 
Management and Advisory 
(2012 – 2018) 
Chief Risk Officer EMEA 
and Global Chief Credit 
Officer (2008 – 2012) 
Managing Director, Risk 
Management (2001 – 2008) 
Vice President Credit Risk 
(1997 – 2001) 
1987 – 1997: ABN AMRO Bank 
Various roles in Corporate 
Finance, Leveraged Finance, 
Real Estate Finance and 
Credit Management 
Education 
1986 Bachelor of Arts in 
Economics and Computer 
Science, Dartmouth College, 
United States 
Other activities and functions 
East Harlem Scholars Academy, 
member of the board of trustees 
 
The following changes to the Executive Board were announced on 27th April 2022: 
 
Mr. Mathers will step down as Chief Financial Officer and member of the Executive Board once a successor 
is found;  
 
Mr. De Ferrari, ad interim CEO of the EMEA region and CEO of the Wealth Management division will step 
down as ad interim CEO of the EMEA region and will be succeeded by 1st October 2022 by Francesca 
McDonagh, who will join the Executive Board; 
The following change to the Executive Board weas announced on 27th July 2022:

--- Page 242 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
242 
 
Mr. Körner, Chief Executive Officer and CEO Asset Management will step down as CEO Asset Management 
once a successor is found. 
For further information regarding future changes to the Executive Board, refer to the Form 6-K dated 27th April 
2022 and the Second Form 6-K dated 27th July 2022. 
There are no conflicts of interest between the private interests or other duties of the Directors and members of the 
Executive Board listed above and their respective duties to CS. 
Audit Committee  
The Audit Committee of CS (the “Audit Committee”) consists of at least three members, all of whom must be 
independent pursuant to its charter. The members of the Audit Committee as of the date of this Base Prospectus are: 
 
Mirko Bianchi (Chairman) 
 
Clare Brady 
 
Seraina Macia 
 
Richard Meddings 
 
Ana Paula Pessoa 
The Audit Committee has its own charter, which has been approved by the Board. In accordance with its charter, the 
members of the Audit Committee are subject to independence requirements in addition to those required of other 
Board members. None of the Audit Committee members may be an affiliated person of the Group or may, directly 
or indirectly, accept any consulting, advisory or other compensatory fees from the Group other than their regular 
compensation as members of the Board and its committees. The Audit Committee charter stipulates that all Audit 
Committee members must be financially literate. In addition, they may not serve on the audit committee of more 
than two other companies, unless the Board deems that such membership would not impair their ability to serve on 
the CS Audit Committee. For further information, refer to “—Board of Directors—Independence” and “—Board of 
Directors—Board committees—Audit Committee” in “IV—Corporate Governance” in the Annual Report 2021. 
Corporate Governance 
CS fully adheres to the principles set out in the Swiss Code of Best Practice for Corporate Governance, dated 
28th August 2014, including its appendix stipulating recommendations on the process for setting compensation for 
the Board and the Executive Board.  
For further information, refer to “IV–Corporate Governance” and “V–Compensation” in the Annual Report 2021. 
Incorporation, Legislation, Legal Form, Duration, Name, Registered Office, Headquarters, Legal Entity 
Identifier and Website 
CS was incorporated under Swiss law as a corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) under the name Schweizerische 
Kreditanstalt, with unlimited duration, on 5th July 1856 in Zurich, Switzerland and was registered with the 
Commercial Register of the Canton of Zurich under the number CH-020.3.923.549-1 and is now registered under 
the number CHE-106.831.974. The legal entity identifier (the “LEI”) of CS is ANGGYXNX0JLX3X63JN86. As of 
9th November 2009, CS changed its name to “Credit Suisse AG”. CS’s Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is 
ANGGYXNX0JLX3X63JN86. CS is a wholly owned subsidiary of CSG. CS’s registered head office is located at 
Paradeplatz 8, 8001 Zurich, Switzerland; its telephone number is +41 44 333 1111; its website is www.credit-
suisse.com. Any websites included in this Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part 
of this Base Prospectus unless incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. CS’s Singapore branch is located 
at 1 Raffles Link, #03-01 One Raffles Link, Singapore 039393, Singapore. CS’s Nassau branch is located at Bahamas 
Financial Centre, 4th Floor, Charlotte and Shirley Street, Nassau.

--- Page 243 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
243 
Business Purpose 
Article 2 of CS’s Articles of Association dated as of 4th September 2014 states: 
“2.1) The purpose of the Company is to operate as a bank. Its business covers all associated types of banking, 
finance, consultancy, service and trading activities in Switzerland and abroad. 
2.2) 
The Company may form banks, finance companies and any other types of companies. It may also hold 
interests in and assume the management of such companies. It may also enter into joint ventures with such 
companies to provide business services to third parties. 
2.3) 
The Company may acquire, mortgage and sell real estate in Switzerland and abroad.” 
Auditors 
Since 30th April 2020, CS’s independent statutory auditor is PricewaterhouseCoopers AG (“PwC”), Birchstrasse 
160, 8050 Zurich, Switzerland. The consolidated balance sheets of CS and its subsidiaries as of 31st December 2021 
and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash 
flows for the years then ended, including the related notes, as well as the adjustments to reflect the change in the 
composition of reportable segments for the year ended 31st December 2019 as presented and described in Note 4 to 
such consolidated financial statements were audited by PwC in accordance with the standards of the Public Company 
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). The Audited 2021 Parent Financial Statements were audited by PwC 
in accordance with Swiss law and Swiss Auditing Standards. 
Until 30th April 2020, CS’s independent auditor and statutory auditor was KPMG AG (“KPMG”), Badenerstrasse 
172, 8036 Zurich, Switzerland. The consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity 
and cash flows of the Issuer and its subsidiaries for the year ended 31st December 2019, and the related notes, before 
the adjustments to reflect the change in the composition of reportable segments as presented and described in Note 
4 were audited by KPMG AG in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
(United States).  
In 2018, upon the recommendation of the Audit Committee of CSG, the Board of Directors of CSG decided to 
propose PwC to succeed KPMG as the new independent statutory auditor of the Group (including CS) at the annual 
general meetings of CSG and CS in April 2020. The appointment was approved by the shareholders of CSG and CS 
at the annual general meetings of CSG and CS on 30th April 2020 and became effective for the fiscal year ending 
31st December 2020. The shareholders of CSG and CS re-elected PwC as CSG’s and CS’s statutory auditor for the 
fiscal years ending 31st December 2021 and 31st December 2022 at their annual general meetings on 30th April 
2021 and on 29th April 2022, respectively. The lead audit Group engagement partners of PwC are Matthew Falconer, 
Global Lead Partner (since 2020) and Matthew Goldman, Group Audit Partner (since 2020).  
PwC and KPMG are each registered with EXPERTsuisse-Swiss Expert Association for Audit, Tax and Fiduciary. 
PwC and KPMG are each also registered with the Swiss Federal Audit Oversight Authority, which is responsible for 
the licensing and supervision of audit firms and individuals which provide audit services in Switzerland. 
In addition, CS has mandated BDO AG, Fabrikstrasse 50, 8031 Zurich, Switzerland, as special auditor for the 
purposes of issuing the legally required report for capital increases in accordance with article 652f of the Swiss Code 
of Obligations of 30th March 1911 (as amended) (the “Swiss Code of Obligations”). BDO AG is registered with 
the Federal Audit Oversight Authority, which is responsible for the licensing and supervision of audit firms and 
individuals which provide audit services in Switzerland. 
For further information, refer to “IV—Corporate Governance—Audit—External Audit” in the Annual Report 2021. 
Capital Adequacy 
For information on CS’s expected financing of its business activities, please see “III – Treasury, Risk, Balance sheet 
and Off-balance sheet – Liquidity and funding management” and “III – Treasury, Risk, Balance sheet and Off-
balance sheet – Capital management”, “Note 25 – Long-term debt” in “VIII – Consolidated financial statements –

--- Page 244 ---
Credit Suisse AG 
244 
Credit Suisse (Bank)” and “Note 37 – Capital adequacy” in “VIII – Consolidated financial statements – Credit Suisse 
(Bank)” in the Annual Report 2021.  
Legal Proceedings 
The Group is involved in a number of judicial, regulatory and arbitration proceedings concerning matters arising in 
connection with the conduct of its businesses. Some of these proceedings have been brought on behalf of various 
classes of claimants and seek damages of material and/or indeterminate amounts. 
After taking into account its litigation provisions, the Group believes, based on currently available information and 
advice of counsel, that the results of its legal proceedings, in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s financial condition. However, in light of the inherent uncertainties of such proceedings, including 
those brought by regulators or other governmental authorities, the ultimate cost to the Group of resolving such 
proceedings may exceed current litigation provisions and any excess may be material to its operating results for any 
particular period, depending, in part, upon the operating results for such period. For further information regarding 
certain of such proceedings and the Group’s litigation provisions as of the end of 2021, see “Note 40 – Litigation” 
in “VI – Consolidated financial statements – Credit Suisse Group” in the Annual Report 2021. For further 
information regarding certain of such proceedings and the Group’s litigation provisions as of 31st March 2022 and 
30th June 2022, see “Note 33 – Litigation” in “III − Condensed consolidated financial statements – unaudited” in 
the Financial Report 1Q22 and “Note 33 – Litigation” in “III – Condensed consolidated financial statements – 
unaudited” in the Financial Report 2Q22. 
Additional Information about CS 
CS prepares its consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the 
United States of America (U.S. GAAP). CS does not prepare its accounts in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS). 
For further information about CS, refer to the Annual Report 2021, the Financial Report 1Q22 and the Financial 
Report 2Q22, which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 245 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
245 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Securities will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, which 
include making a profit. The net proceeds from each issue of Securities of Credit Suisse AG (acting through the 
Nassau Branch, Singapore Branch or any Substitute Branch) will be used by the Issuer outside Switzerland unless 
use in Switzerland is permitted under the Swiss taxation laws in force from time to time without the Securities or 
payments in respect thereof becoming subject to Swiss withholding and Swiss stamp tax law as a consequence of 
such use of proceeds in Switzerland. A substantial portion of the proceeds from the issue of certain Securities may 
be used to hedge market risk with respect to such Securities. If, in respect of any particular issue of Securities which 
are derivative securities for the purposes of Article 15 of the Commission Delegated Regulation No 2019/980 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
The net proceeds from the issue of the Securities will be applied by the Issuer outside Switzerland unless use in 
Switzerland is permitted under the Swiss taxation laws in force from time to time without payments in respect of the 
Securities becoming subject to withholding or deduction for Swiss withholding tax as a consequence of such use of 
proceeds in Switzerland.

--- Page 246 ---
Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
246 
TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
This section sets out an overview of certain restrictions regarding who can purchase the Securities in certain 
jurisdictions. 
From time to time, the Issuer will act in its capacity as Initial Dealer in respect of Securities that it wishes to issue. 
The Securities may be sold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such sale, as 
determined by the Initial Dealer. The Securities may be offered to any professional or institutional investors. 
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Securities in the United States are advised to consult legal 
counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Securities. 
144A Global Securities 
Each purchaser of Securities within the United States pursuant to Rule 144A, by accepting delivery of this Base 
Prospectus, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(i) 
It is (a) a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A (“QIB”), (b) acquiring such Securities 
for its own account or for the account of a QIB and (c) aware, and each beneficial owner of such Securities 
has been advised, that the sale of such Securities to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A. 
(ii) 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered, sold, 
pledged or otherwise transferred, except (a) in accordance with Rule 144A to a person that it and any person 
acting on its behalf reasonably believe is a QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account of a QIB, 
(b) in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S or (c) pursuant to an 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available), in each 
case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States. 
(iii) 
Such Securities, unless the Issuer determines otherwise in compliance with applicable law, will bear a legend 
to the following effect: 
“THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED 
STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, 
EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT TO A 
PERSON THAT THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY 
BELIEVE IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR (3) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE), IN EACH 
CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF 
THE UNITED STATES. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF 
THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT FOR RESALES 
OF THIS SECURITY.” 
(iv) 
It understands that the Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth 
and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements. If it is acquiring any 
Securities for the account of one or more QIBs, it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect 
to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and 
agreements on behalf of each such account.

--- Page 247 ---
Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
247 
(v) 
It understands that the Securities offered in reliance on Rule 144A will be represented by the 144A Global 
Security. Before any interest in the 144A Global Security may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise 
transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in the 144A Global Security, it will be 
required to provide a Transfer Agent with a written certification (in the form provided in the Agency 
Agreement) as to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Securities may be relying on the exemption from 
the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
Regulation S Global Securities 
Each purchaser of Securities or interest therein outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and each 
subsequent purchaser of such Securities in resales prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, by 
accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Securities, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and 
acknowledged that:  
(i) 
It is, or at the time Securities are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Securities and (a) it is not a 
U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of Regulation S) and (b) it is not 
an affiliate of the Issuer or a person acting on behalf of such an affiliate.  
(ii) 
It understands that such Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and that, 
prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, it will not offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer 
such Securities except (a) in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act to a person that it and any 
person acting on its behalf reasonably believe is a QIB purchasing for its own account or the account of a 
QIB that (I) is not a broker-dealer which owns and invests on a discretionary basis less than U.S.$25 million 
in securities of unaffiliated issuers, (II) is not a participant-directed employee plan, such as a 401(k) plan, 
(III) was not formed for purposes of investing in the Issuer, (IV) is acquiring such Securities or interest for 
its own account or for the account of a QIB as to which it exercises sole investment discretion, (V) will 
provide notice of the transfer restrictions applicable to such Securities to any subsequent transferee (which 
transferee shall be deemed to make the same representations herein) and (VI) is aware, and each beneficial 
owner of such Securities has been advised, that the sale of such Securities or an interest therein to it is being 
made in reliance on Rule 144A, or (b) in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of 
Regulation S, in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States 
or any other jurisdiction. 
(iii) 
It understands that such Securities, unless otherwise determined by the Issuer in accordance with applicable 
law, will bear a legend to the following: 
“THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY 
SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF 
THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION 
FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.” 
(iv) 
It understands that the Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth 
and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements. 
(v) 
It understands that the Securities offered in reliance on Regulation S will be represented by the Regulation S 
Global Security. Prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, before any interest in the 
Regulation S Global Security may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred to a person who takes 
delivery in the form of an interest in the Regulation S Global Security, it will be required to provide a Transfer 
Agent with a written certification (in the form provided in the Agency Agreement) as to compliance with 
applicable securities laws.

--- Page 248 ---
Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
248 
Selling Restrictions 
No action has been or will be taken by the Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a public offering of the Securities 
or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation to the Securities in any jurisdiction where action for 
that purpose is required. No offer, sale or delivery of the Securities, or distribution or publication of any offering 
material relating to the Securities, may be made in or from any jurisdiction, except in circumstances which will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and will not impose any obligations on the Issuer. 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (the “Australian 
Corporations Act”) in relation to the Securities has been, or will be, lodged with the Australian Securities and 
Investments Commission (“ASIC”) or the ASX Limited (“ASX”) (or any successor thereto) or any other regulatory 
body or agency in Australia. 
This Prospectus is not a product disclosure statement, prospectus or other type of disclosure document for the 
purposes of the Australian Corporations Act. Any offer or invitation is only an offer or invitation to make offers 
where the offer or invitation does not need disclosure to investors under Part 7.9 or Chapter 6D.2 of the Australian 
Corporations Act. No offer or application made following receipt of this Prospectus will be considered unless the 
offer or invitation does not need disclosure to investors under Part 7.9 or Chapter 6D.2 of the Act. 
No person: 
(a) 
has made or invited, and will not make or invite, an offer of the Securities for issue, purchase or sale within, 
to or from Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has distributed or published, and will distribute or publish, this Prospectus or any other offering material or 
advertisement relating to the Securities in Australia, 
unless:  
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree is at least A$500,000 (or its equivalent in an 
alternative currency, in either case, disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates) or the 
offer or invitation does not otherwise require disclosure to investors under Part 6D.2 or 7.9 of the 
Australian Corporations Act; 
(ii) 
the offer or invitation does not constitute an offer to a “retail client” for the purposes of sections 761G 
and 761GA of the Australian Corporations Act; 
(iii) 
such action complies with any applicable laws, regulations and directives (including, without 
limitation, the licensing requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Australian Corporations Act) in 
Australia; and 
(iv) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or the ASX (or any successor 
thereto) or any other regulatory body or agency in Australia. 
Credit Suisse AG does not provide any tax advice; investors should seek their own independent tax advice regarding 
any tax consequences related to this product before making an investment decision. 
CSI is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and 
Prudential Regulation Authority under UK laws which differ from Australian laws. CSI does not hold an AFSL and 
is exempt from the requirement to hold an AFSL under the Australian Corporations Act in respect of providing 
financial services.

--- Page 249 ---
Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
249 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
This Prospectus relates to an Exempt Offer in accordance with the Markets Rules Module of the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the “DFSA”) Rulebook. This Prospectus is intended for distribution only to Professional Clients 
who are not natural persons. It must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person.  
The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with Exempt Offers. The 
DFSA has not approved this Prospectus nor taken steps to verify the information set out in it, and has no 
responsibility for it. The Securities to which this Prospectus relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on 
their resale. Prospective purchasers of the Securities offered should conduct their own due diligence on the 
Securities.  
If you do not understand the contents of this Prospectus, you should consult an authorised financial adviser. 
The Securities may not be offered to any person in the Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an “Exempt Offer” in accordance with the Markets Rules Module of the DFSA Rulebook; and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the Conduct of 
Business Module of the DFSA Rulebook. 
Egypt  
This Base Prospectus is strictly private and confidential and is being distributed to a limited number of investors and 
must not be provided to any person other than the original recipient, and may not be reproduced or used for any 
purpose other than for the purposes contemplated in this Base Prospectus. 
The Securities product described in this Base Prospectus have not been, and are not being, publicly offered, sold, 
promoted or advertised in Egypt. Further, this document does not constitute a public offer of securities in Egypt and 
is not intended to be a public offer of the product described in this Base Prospectus or the Reference Underlying in 
Egypt and is not intended to constitute a solicitation or inducement for the public to buy or subscribe in any of the 
products described in this Base Prospectus or the Reference Underlying described herein. Neither the Securities 
described in this Base Prospectus nor this document has been reviewed, filed or registered with the Egyptian 
Financial Regulatory Authority or other relevant authorities in Egypt. 
European Economic Area  
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA, no Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto shall be offered or will be offered to the 
public in that Member State, except that such Securities may be offered to the public in that Member State:  
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(a) 
in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Securities to the public” in relation to any Securities 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Securities.

--- Page 250 ---
Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
250 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors  
The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the EEA. For purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
(Directive 2014/65/EU) (as amended, “MiFID II”);  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Securities. 
Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation for offering or selling the Securities 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
Hong Kong 
The Securities (except for Securities which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”)) may not be offered or sold, in Hong Kong, by means of any 
document, other than (a) to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO or (b) 
in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies 
(Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do 
not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O. 
No person may issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Securities, which is directed at, or the contents of which are 
likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of 
Hong Kong) other than with respect to Securities which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside 
Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO.  
India  
No application has been submitted or will be submitted, nor any registration has been or will be sought, by or on 
behalf of the Issuer to or from any of the Indian governmental or regulatory authorities in connection with the 
advertising, offer, distribution or sale of the Securities in or from India and the Issuer does not intend to or will, 
directly or indirectly, advertise, offer, distribute or sell the Securities to persons resident in India (as such term is 
defined in the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the IT Act, as may be amended or supplemented from 
time to time). The Securities may not be advertised, offered, distributed or sold, directly or indirectly, to persons 
resident in India, except under circumstances that will result in or require compliance with applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus (or any communication in relation to the Securities, 
including any Final Terms) or any Securities may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such 
restrictions. The Securities may not be purchased by persons resident in India and purchase of the Securities by such 
persons are subject to legal and regulatory restrictions.  
Neither this Base Prospectus (or any communication in relation to the Securities, including any Final Terms) nor 
any copy thereof may be sent, taken into or distributed in India or to any person resident in India.

--- Page 251 ---
Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
251 
It should be noted that, if the Securities are deemed to be Offshore Derivative Instruments (“ODIs”) by virtue of 
being linked to any Indian Reference Underlying (for the purposes of this paragraph, “Indian Reference 
Underlyings” means the securities held by the Issuer or any of its Affiliates that are listed or proposed to be listed 
on any recognised stock exchange in India and/or as otherwise may be specified by the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (“SEBI”) from time to time), the restrictions in sub-paragraphs (a) to (r) below shall also apply:  
(a) 
The Securities may only be offered, sold or delivered to a person: (i) registered as a Category I foreign 
portfolio investor; (ii) eligible for registration as a Category I foreign portfolio investor (in terms of the FPI 
Regulations); or (iii) an entity that has an investment manager from a Financial Action Task Force member 
country, and such investment manager has undertaken the responsibility of all the acts of commission or 
omission of the Securityholder as set out in the Regulation 21 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019, as amended from time to time, and notifications, circulars, 
rules and guidelines of the Securities and Exchange Board of India issued from time to time (collectively 
referred to as the “FPI Regulations”). 
(b) 
Each Securityholder is deemed to represent and agree that it will procure its nominees or associates/affiliates 
to promptly provide the Issuer and/or any of its associates/Affiliates (as the case may be) with such additional 
information that the Issuer and/or any of its associates/Affiliates reasonably deems necessary or appropriate 
in order to comply with regulations or requests of any relevant governmental or regulatory authority from 
time to time. Each Securityholder is deemed to represent and agree to the collection and processing of its or 
any of its nominees’, associates’ and affiliates’ (as the case may be) personal information and/or sensitive 
personal information (including, without limitation, the following data categories: name, last name, date and 
place of birth, address, national identification number and information on such persons’ “Indian Resident”, 
“Non-Resident Indian” and “Overseas Citizen of India” status, in relation to any procedures on identification 
and verification of identity and which may indicate ethnic origin and nationality information) (“Personal 
Information”) and the provision of such Personal Information to any relevant governmental or regulatory 
authority for the purpose of complying with FPI Regulations or requests of any relevant governmental or 
regulatory authority from time to time. If the Securityholder:  
(i) 
would like to raise questions about the collection and use of Personal Information by the Issuer and/or 
any of its associates/affiliates (as the case maybe); 
(ii) 
wishes to exercise its potential rights regarding access to the data, and/or correction rights; or  
(iii) 
withdraws its consent to the collection and processing of Personal Information,  
it shall inform the Issuer and/or any of its associates/affiliates (as the case may be) by sending a request to 
the following address: dataaccesstransfer.crossborder@credit-suisse.com. The Issuer and/or any of its 
associates/affiliates (as the case may be) will respond to such request by the timeframe specified in any 
applicable law, or otherwise within a reasonable time, 
(c) 
Each Securityholder is deemed to represent and agree that it will provide such information and documents 
(including in relation to any procedures on identification and verification of identity) in relation to its 
beneficial owners (who are natural persons who ultimately own or control a foreign portfolio investor and 
should be identified in accordance with Rule 9 of the Prevention of Money-laundering (Maintenance of 
Records) Rules, 2005 (“PML Rules”) and the relevant provisions of the FPI Regulations, each as 
supplemented, amended and modified from time to time) (as may be requested by the Issuer and/or any of its 
associates/Affiliates (as the case may be)). Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the 
Securityholder is deemed to represent and agree that it will promptly notify the Issuer and/or any of its 
associates/Affiliates (as the case may be) whenever a person or beneficiary which includes, but is not limited 
to, the below can be identified or in the case of any change from the previous notification by the 
Securityholder to the Issuer and/or any of its associates/Affiliates (as the case may be), and further provide 
such information and documents as required by the Issuer and/or any of its associates/Affiliates (as the case

--- Page 252 ---
Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
252 
may be) promptly upon request (including in relation to any procedures on identification and verification of 
the identity of such person or beneficiary and the beneficial owner of such person or beneficiary): 
(i) 
where the Securityholder is a company, a person(s) who, whether acting alone or together, or through 
one or more persons, has a controlling ownership interest (which term shall have the same meaning 
as set out in Explanation 1 to clause (a) of sub-rule (3) of Rule 9 of the PML Rules, which as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, means ownership of or entitlement to more than 25 per cent. of shares or 
capital or profits of the company) or exercises control (which includes the right to appoint majority of 
the directors or to control the management or policy decisions exercisable by a person or persons 
acting individually or in concert, directly or indirectly, including by virtue of shareholding or 
management rights or shareholders agreements or voting agreements or in any other manner) through 
other means; 
(ii) 
where the Securityholder is a trust, beneficiaries/persons exercising effective control with 15 per cent. 
or more interest in the trust, along with information and documents, if required, on the author of the 
trust and the trustee; 
(iii) 
where the Securityholder is a partnership firm, a person who, whether acting alone or together, or 
through one or more persons, has ownership of or entitlement to more than 15 per cent. of capital or 
profits of the partnership (where the Securityholder has a General Partner/Limited Partnership 
structure, identification of the beneficial ownership will be on the ownership or entitlement basis and 
the control basis); and 
(iv) 
where the Securityholder is an unincorporated association or a body of individuals, a person who, 
whether acting alone or together, or through one or more persons, has ownership of or entitlement to 
more than 15 per cent. of the property or capital or profits of such association or body of individuals. 
For avoidance of doubt, in case of investment by any fund, sub-fund, share class or similar structure, the 
information required to be provided under this sub-paragraph (c) shall extend to the specific fund, sub-fund, 
share class, or portfolio, or any other similar structure, investing in India. 
Where: (A) no material shareholder or beneficial owner is identified by applying the thresholds set out in 
sub-paragraph (c) immediately above; or (B) at any time a material shareholder or beneficial owner 
previously identified pursuant to sub-paragraph (c) immediately above falls below the relevant thresholds, 
the Securityholder is deemed to represent and agree that it will: (I) in the case of sub-paragraph (B) above 
only, promptly notify the Issuer and/or any of its associates/Affiliates (as the case may be); and (II) in the 
case of both sub-paragraphs (A) and (B), promptly provide such information and documents (including in 
relation to any procedures on identification and verification of identity) as may be requested by the Issuer 
and/or any of its associates/Affiliates (as the case may be), including in relation to the natural person who 
holds the position of senior managing official of the Securityholder (for identification as beneficial owner, 
“senior managing official” shall mean an individual, as designated by the Securityholder, who holds a senior 
management position and makes key decisions relating to the Securityholder), the investment manager or the 
investment adviser or the person controlling investments of the Securityholder, or the person who controls 
the operations of the Securityholder, and promptly notify the Issuer and/or any of its associates/Affiliates (as 
the case may be) in the case of any change in relation to the person holding such position or controlling the 
operations, 
(d) 
Each Securityholder is deemed to represent and agree that in respect of Securityholders coming from high 
risk jurisdictions (as designated by the Issuer at its own discretion) the materiality threshold set out above for 
identification of beneficial owner may be reduced to 10 per cent. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (d), 
“high risk jurisdiction” is as described at paragraph 2.2.4(g) of SEBI Master Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/MIRSD/DOP/CIR/P/2019/113 dated 15th October 2019 viz., inter alia, “places where existence 
or effectiveness of action against money laundering or terror financing is suspect, intermediaries apart from

--- Page 253 ---
Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
253 
being guided by the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) statements that, inter alia, identify such countries 
or geographic areas that do not or insufficiently apply the FATF Recommendations, published by the FATF 
on its website (www.fatf-gafi.org) from time to time, shall also independently access and consider other 
publicly available information along with any other information which they may have access to”. 
(e) 
The Securities may only be offered, sold or delivered to a person that meets the eligibility criteria as set out 
in Regulation 4 of FPI Regulations, including, but not limited to:  
(i) 
The Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered to (A) an “Indian Resident”, (B) a “Non-resident 
Indian” or (C) an “Overseas Citizen of India” (each of (A), (B) and (C), a “Restricted Entity”).  
For the purposes of this paragraph (e)(i):  
“Indian Resident” means a Person resident in India as described in section 2(v) of the Foreign 
Exchange Management Act, 1999 (“FEMA”), which, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, includes: 
(1) 
a person residing in India for more than 182 days during the course of the preceding financial 
year but does not include: 
(A) 
a person who has gone out of India or who stays outside India, in either case, (I) for or 
on taking up employment outside India, (II) for carrying on outside India a business or 
vocation outside India, or (III) for any other purpose, in such circumstances as would 
indicate his intention to stay outside India for an uncertain period; and 
(B) 
a person who has come to or stays in India, in either case, otherwise than (I) for or on 
taking up employment in India, (II) for carrying on in India a business or vocation in 
India, or (III) for any other purpose, in such circumstances as would indicate his 
intention to stay in India for an uncertain period; 
(2) 
any person or body corporate registered or incorporated in India; 
(3) 
an office, branch or agency in India owned or controlled by a person resident outside India; 
(4) 
an office, branch or agency outside India owned or controlled by a person resident in India. 
For the purposes of this definition, “person resident outside India” shall have the meaning given to 
such term in Section 2(w) of the FEMA which, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, means a person 
who is not resident in India;  
“Non-Resident Indian” has the meaning given to such term under rule 2 of the Foreign Exchange 
Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019, which, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, means 
an individual resident outside India who is a citizen of India; 
“Overseas Citizen of India” has the meaning given to such term under rule 2 of the Foreign Exchange 
Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019, which, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, means 
an individual resident outside India who is registered as an Overseas Citizen of India Cardholder under 
Section 7(A) of the Citizenship Act, 1955;  
“Person” has the meaning given to it in Section 2(u) of the FEMA, which, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, includes, (i) an individual, (ii) a Hindu Undivided Family, (iii) a company, (iv) a firm, (v) 
an association of persons or a body of individuals, whether incorporated or not, (vi) every artificial 
juridical person, not falling within any of the preceding sub-clauses, and (vii) any agency, office or 
branch owned or controlled by such person; and  
(ii) 
The Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered to any person/entity wherein: 
(A) 
Contribution of a single Restricted Entity is 25 per cent. or above of the total contribution in 
the corpus of the Securityholder; or

--- Page 254 ---
Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
254 
(B) 
Aggregate contribution of Restricted Entities is 50 per cent. or above of the total contribution 
in the corpus of the Securityholder; or  
(C) 
A Restricted Entity is in control of the Securityholder, except where: 
(a) 
the Securityholder is an “offshore fund” for which a no-objection certificate has been 
provided by SEBI in terms of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Mutual Funds) 
Regulations, 1996; or 
(b) 
the Securityholder is controlled by investment managers (which are controlled and/or 
owned by Restricted Entity) who are either (A) Appropriately Regulated in their home 
jurisdiction and registered with SEBI as a non-investing foreign portfolio investor; or 
(B) incorporated or setup under Indian laws and appropriately registered with SEBI.  
In the case of sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) above, the contribution of resident Indian individuals is 
permitted if made through the Liberalised Remittance Scheme approved by the Reserve Bank of India 
in global funds whose Indian exposure is less than 50 per cent.  
Provided that Indian Resident (other than an individual) may be constituent of a Securityholder subject 
to such Securityholder confirming that: (i) such Indian Resident (other than Individual) is its fund 
manager as per section 9A(4) of the IT Act; (ii) such Securityholder is an eligible investment fund in 
terms of section 9A(3) of the IT Act and has obtained approval from Central Board of Direct Taxes 
under the Income Tax Rules, 1962 and (iii) said fund manager and Securityholder are compliant with 
conditions applicable to it under inter alia section 9A of the IT Act read with rules and guidelines 
prescribed in connection therewith.  
For the purposes of this paragraph (e)(ii): 
“Appropriately Regulated” is defined in Regulation 2(1)(b) of the FPI Regulations, which, as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, means a person regulated by the securities market regulator or the 
banking regulator of home jurisdiction or otherwise, in the same capacity in which it proposes to make 
investments in India; 
“control” includes the right to appoint majority of the directors or to control the management or policy 
decisions exercisable by a person or persons acting individually or in concert, directly or indirectly, 
including by virtue of their shareholding or management rights or shareholders agreements or voting 
agreements or in any other manner; and  
an “investment manager” means an entity performing the role of investment management, or any 
equivalent role, including trustee. 
(iii) 
The Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered where a person, as well as their underlying 
investor(s) contributing 25 per cent. or more of the corpus or identified on the basis of control, is:  
(A) 
mentioned in the Sanctions List notified by the United Nations Security Council; or 
(B) 
a resident of a country identified in the public statement of the Financial Action Task Force as:  
(I) 
a jurisdiction having a strategic Anti-Money Laundering or Combating the Financing 
of Terrorism deficiencies to which counter measures apply; or  
(II) 
a jurisdiction that has not made sufficient progress in addressing the deficiencies or has 
not committed to an action plan developed with the Financial Action Task Force to 
address the deficiencies.

--- Page 255 ---
Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
255 
(iv) 
The Securities may only be offered, sold or delivered to a person who:  
(A) 
is a resident of a country whose securities market regulator is a signatory to International 
Organization of Securities Commission’s Multilateral Memorandum of Understanding 
(Appendix A Signatories) or a signatory to bilateral Memorandum of Understanding with SEBI 
(which term shall mean a Bilateral Memorandum of Understanding between SEBI and the 
overseas regulator that, inter alia, provides for information sharing arrangements under Section 
11(2)(ib) of the SEBI Act, 1992) or, in the case of a Securityholder being a Government or 
Government-related investor, a resident of a country otherwise approved by the Government 
of India for the purposes of registration of foreign portfolio investors; and 
(B) 
where the person is a bank, is a resident of a country whose central bank is a member of Bank 
for International Settlements, or is a central bank; 
For the purpose of sub-paragraphs (iv)(A) and (iv)(B), “resident” may be determined on the basis of 
paragraph 2(i) under Part A of the Operational Guidelines,23 which states that residency status may be 
ascertained from the place of incorporation/establishment through appropriate document or 
information such as any identification/registration document issued by applicable regulator or the 
Income Tax authority; 
(C) 
is a fit and proper person based on the criteria specified in Schedule II of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Intermediaries) Regulations, 2008; 
(f) 
Each Securityholder is deemed to represent and agree that the Securities are being purchased and will be held 
by the Securityholder as a principal for its own account and not as an agent, nominee, trustee or representative 
of any other person/entity and that the Securityholder has not entered into any agreement or arrangement for 
the issuances of back-to-back ODIs against the Securities. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (f), “back-
to-back ODIs” shall not include any ODI issued by a Securityholder who is a foreign portfolio investor and 
has disclosed the terms and parties to such back-to-back ODI in the form and manner prescribed by the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India pursuant to the FPI Regulations (in particular under Regulation 21(3) 
of the FPI Regulations). Also, in terms of the explanation to Regulation 21(1)(b), where an entity has an 
investment manager who is from the Financial Action Task Force member country, the investment manager 
shall not be required to be registered as a Category I foreign portfolio investor. 
(g) 
Each Securityholder is deemed to represent and agree that it is not purchasing the Securities with the intent 
of circumventing or otherwise avoiding any requirements applicable under any laws applicable in India 
(including, without limitation, the FPI Regulations and any restrictions with respect to subscriptions, 
issuances and/or other dealings of or in ODIs, directly or indirectly, by entities not being eligible to issue, 
subscribe to, deal in or otherwise be involved in ODIs, or laws governing dealing in the securities market, 
including the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices relating to 
Securities Markets) Regulations, 2003 and Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition 
of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, each as amended from time to time, together with any 
modifications thereto or re-enactments thereof). 
(h) 
Each Securityholder is deemed to represent and agree that it will ensure that investment (including, 
synthetically through ODIs) by the Securityholder, whether directly in its own name as a foreign portfolio 
investor or as an ODI subscriber, or by entities in the Investor Group to which the Securityholder belongs, in 
 
23 In addition to the applicable Operational Guidelines, SEBI, on 1st October 2020, had issued a circular in relation to “Framework for monitoring of 
foreign holding in Depository Receipts” (“DR Circular”). The DR Circular is applicable to FPIs and foreign depositories, whereby all FPIs are 
required to inter alia fulfil their obligations in terms of reporting to their designated depository participant, providing the details of (a) other FPIs 
forming part of the same investor group; and (b) ODI subscribers and/or Depository Receipt holders having common ownership, directly or 
indirectly, of more than fifty percent or on the basis of common control. Further, a FPI has to be identified to be appointed as a nodal entity which 
will be required to fulfil its reporting obligations to its domestic custodian. However, the DR Circular is presently kept in abeyance by SEBI.

--- Page 256 ---
Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
256 
equity shares of an Indian company is below 10 per cent. of the total paid-up equity capital of the company 
on a fully diluted basis and the Securityholder shall provide information in this regard to the Issuer, as and 
when and in such form and manner as may be required. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (h), “Investor Group” is defined under Regulation 22(3) of the FPI 
Regulations read with paragraph 1 under Part C of the Operational Guidelines, which, as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, shall include: 
(1) 
in case of individual investors, the individual and his/her relatives, within the meaning of Section 
2(77) of the Companies Act, 2013 (as on the date of this Base Prospectus, Section 2(77) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 defines “relative”, with reference to any person, as anyone who is related to 
another, if:  
(A) 
they are members of a Hindu Undivided Family;  
(B) 
they are husband and wife; or  
(C) 
one person is related to the other in such manner as may be prescribed); and 
(2) 
in case of other investors, all such entities having common ownership, directly or indirectly, of more 
than 50 per cent. or common control. 
For the purpose of this sub-paragraph (2), “common control” shall not be considered where: 
(A) 
the Securityholder is an Appropriately Regulated public retail fund; 
(B) 
the investors in the Securityholder are public retail funds majority owned by Appropriately 
Regulated public retail funds on a look-through basis;  
(C) 
the Securityholder is a public retail fund and the investment managers of the fund are 
Appropriately Regulated. 
For the purpose of the foregoing, a public retail fund is defined under Explanation to Regulation 
22(4)(c) of the FPI Regulations to mean: (I) mutual funds or unit trusts which are open for subscription 
to retail investors and which do not have specific investor type requirements like accredited investors; 
(II) insurance companies where segregated portfolio with one-to-one correlation with a single investor 
is not maintained; and (III) pension funds. 
(i) 
For the purpose of the foregoing, “Appropriately Regulated” is defined in Regulation 2(1)(b) of the FPI 
Regulations, which, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, means a person regulated by the securities market 
regulator or the banking regulator of home jurisdiction or otherwise, in the same capacity in which it proposes 
to make investments in India; each Securityholder is deemed to represent and agree that purchase of the 
Securities by the Securityholder does not violate any applicable laws (including, without limitation, any 
legislations, rules, regulations, notifications, circulars or guidelines), or any orders or directives, which may 
be issued from time to time, including in relation to the eligibility and permissibility of the Securityholder to 
purchase the Securities; 
(j) 
Each Securityholder is deemed to represent and agree that it shall not, and shall ensure that none of its 
respective nominees, associates or affiliates shall, sell, transfer, assign, novate or otherwise dispose of any 
Securities or any interest in any Securities to, or enter into any agreement or arrangement for the issuance of 
back-to-back ODIs against the Securities or enter into an agreement or arrangement with respect to any of 
the foregoing (each, a “Transfer”) with, any person/entity which is not eligible to, directly or indirectly, issue, 
subscribe to, deal in or otherwise be involved in ODIs. Save for any Transfer(s) to an Approved Entity or 
Pre-Approved Transferee pursuant to the paragraph below, prior to any Transfer being undertaken in respect 
of any Security:

--- Page 257 ---
Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
257 
(i) 
the prior written consent of the Issuer and/or the Issuer’s associates/affiliates shall be obtained by the 
Securityholder and: 
(A) 
the Securityholder shall issue a written notice (“Transfer Notice”) to the Issuer in such form 
as the Issuer may determine for the purpose of obtaining such prior written consent; and 
(B) 
the Issuer and/or its associates/affiliates shall have absolute discretion in granting or 
withholding such prior written consent; 
(ii) 
upon receipt of the Transfer Notice, the Issuer, its associates and affiliates shall have the right to require 
the person/entity to whom the Transfer is proposed to be made (“Proposed Transferee”) to provide, 
and the Securityholder shall procure that the Proposed Transferee promptly provides the Issuer or its 
associates/affiliates (as the case may be) with all such information that the Issuer or its 
associates/affiliates (as the case may be) may require with respect to its or their client on-boarding 
programme, policies or procedures, anti-money laundering programme or other such programme (as 
the case may be) (collectively, “Client Identification Programme”); and 
(iii) 
the Proposed Transferee shall issue a written undertaking (“Transferee Undertaking”) to the Issuer 
in such form as the Issuer or its associates/affiliates may determine. 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is clarified that this sub-paragraph (j) shall not apply: (I) in the event the 
Transfer is pursuant to buy-back or redemption of the Securities by the Issuer or its associates/affiliates or 
(II) to the registration on behalf of the Securityholder in the name of any custodian, sub-custodian or nominee. 
Further, a Proposed Transferee who has obtained the written consent of the Issuer or that of its 
associates/affiliates in respect of a Transfer pursuant to this sub-paragraph (j) shall for the purposes hereof 
hereafter constitute a “Pre-Approved Transferee”.  
(k) 
Each Securityholder is deemed to represent and agree that, in the case where the Securityholder or its 
nominees, associates or affiliates sell, transfer, assign, novate or otherwise dispose of any Securities, or any 
interest in any Securities, to, or enter into any back-to-back ODI or enter into an agreement or arrangement 
with respect to any of the foregoing with, an Approved Entity (described as such under the relevant master 
purchase agreement) (an “Approved Entity”) or a Pre-Approved Transferee (each, an “Approved 
Entity/Pre-Approved Transferee Transfer”), the Securityholder shall issue a written notice to the Issuer in 
such form as the Issuer may determine within two Business Days of the Approved Entity/Pre-Approved 
Transferee Transfer. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (k) and sub-paragraph (j) above, a “back–to-back ODI” shall not 
include the issue of any ODI by a Securityholder who is a foreign portfolio investor and makes monthly or 
periodic disclosure of Securities to the Securities and Exchange Board of India and will disclose the terms 
and parties to such back-to-back ODI in the form and manner prescribed by the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India pursuant to the FPI Regulations (in particular under Regulation 21(3) of the FPI Regulations). 
(l) 
Each Securityholder is deemed to represent and agree that in the case where the Securityholder changes 
investment managers/advisers/sub-managers/sub-advisers (each, an “Manager/Adviser Transfer”), the 
Securityholder shall issue a written notice to the Issuer in such form as the Issuer may determine 30 Business 
Days prior to the Manager/Adviser Transfer. 
(m) 
Each Securityholder is deemed to represent and agree that the Issuer and its associates/affiliates are authorised 
to provide information in their possession regarding the Securityholder, each Proposed Transferee, the 
nominees or associates/affiliates of the Securityholder and/or each Proposed Transferee, each Security and 
any breach of the terms of sub-paragraphs (a) to (r) herein to any Indian governmental or regulatory 
authorities (each an “Authority”) as the Issuer or its associates/affiliates reasonably deems necessary or 
appropriate in order to comply with regulations or requests of such Authority from time to time, including,

--- Page 258 ---
Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
258 
but not limited to, disclosures in periodic reporting made by the Issuer or its associates/affiliates to any 
Authority. 
(n) 
Each Securityholder is deemed to represent and agree that the Issuer and/or its associates/affiliates may, to 
the extent required to comply with applicable laws, regulations, notifications, circulars, rules, guidelines, 
clarifications, directions, orders and/or decrees issued by a governmental or regulatory authority, issue a 
written notice to the Securityholder, unilaterally amending the terms of sub-paragraphs (a) to (r) herein and 
such written notice shall be effective and deemed agreed and accepted by the Securityholder when issued. 
(o) 
Each Securityholder is deemed to represent and agree that non-compliance with, or breach, violation or 
contravention of, any terms or obligations set out in this Base Prospectus (including, without limitation, 
any restrictions with respect to a Transfer) (“ODI Holder Obligations”) may result in non-compliance with, 
or breach, violation or contravention of, applicable laws, rules, regulations, governmental orders or directions, 
or in regulatory sanctions or other actions against the Issuer and/or its associates/affiliates and may cause 
irreparable harm to the Issuer and/or its associates/affiliates. Accordingly, each Securityholder further 
acknowledges that, in the event of any non-compliance with, or breach, violation or contravention of any 
ODI Holder Obligations by the Securityholder, the Issuer and/or its associates/affiliates may notify any 
Authority of any such breach, violation or contravention and exercise any rights and take any 
measures available to it under the terms of any ODI or this notice, or any other measures to prevent, avoid, 
mitigate, remedy or cure such non-compliance, breach, violation or contravention, including but not limited 
to termination of the ODIs by the Issuer or its associates/affiliates. 
(p) 
Each Securityholder is deemed to represent and agree that it shall promptly notify the Issuer and/or its 
associates/affiliates, as appropriate, should any of the representations, warranties, acknowledgements, 
agreements, undertakings and material information (including any direct or indirect change in structure or 
ownership or control) deemed to be given by it under sub-paragraphs (a) to (r) herein, whether in respect of 
itself or otherwise, be in breach, changes or no longer holds true after the Issue Date of the Securities which 
it holds. 
(q) 
Each Securityholder is deemed to represent and agree that all the provisions of sub-paragraphs (a) to (r) herein 
shall survive the termination of any Security which is the subject matter of sub-paragraphs (a) to (r) herein 
and that the terms of sub-paragraphs (a) to (r) herein shall be deemed to be restated upon issuance of each 
Security. 
(r) 
Each Securityholder is deemed to represent and agree that if, at any time, any provision of sub-paragraphs 
(a) to (r) herein is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect under any law of any 
jurisdiction, neither the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions nor the legality, validity 
or enforceability of such provision under the law of any other jurisdiction will in any way be affected or 
impaired. 
Korea  
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets 
Act of Korea. The Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, any resident of Korea (as defined in the Foreign Exchange Transactions Law of Korea and the 
decrees and regulations thereunder), or to any other person for reoffering, resale or re-delivery, directly or indirectly, 
in Korea or to, or for the account or benefit of, any resident of Korea, except as otherwise permitted by applicable 
Korean laws and regulations. Without prejudice to the foregoing, the number of the Securities offered in Korea or 
to a resident in Korea shall be less than 50, and, for a period of one year from the Issue Date of the Securities, none 
of the Securities may be divided resulting in an increase number of the Securities. Furthermore, the Securities may 
not be resold to Korean residents unless the purchaser of the Securities complies with all applicable regulatory 
requirements (including, but not limited to, government reporting requirements under the Foreign Exchange

--- Page 259 ---
Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
259 
Transactions Law of Korea and the decrees and regulations thereunder) in connection with the purchase of the 
Securities. 
Kuwait 
This document is not for general circulation to the public in Kuwait. The Securities have not been licensed for 
offering in Kuwait by the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority or any other relevant Kuwaiti government agency. The 
offering of the Securities in Kuwait on the basis of a private placement or public offering is, therefore, restricted in 
accordance with Law No. 7 of 2010 (as amended) and the bylaws thereto (as amended). No private or public offering 
of the Securities is being made in Kuwait, and no agreement relating to the sale of the Securities will be concluded 
in Kuwait. No marketing or solicitation or inducement activities are being used to offer or market the Securities in 
Kuwait. 
Malaysia  
No prospectus in relation to the Securities has been registered with the Securities Commission of Malaysia (“SC”) 
pursuant to the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007 of Malaysia (“CMSA”). The Securities shall not be offered 
for subscription or sold, directly or indirectly, nor may an invitation or offer to subscribe for or sell such Securities 
be made in Malaysia unless such offer or invitation has been approved by the SC or is otherwise exempted under 
Schedule 5 of CMSA, and it is exclusively made to persons specified under Schedules 6 and 7 of the CMSA, which 
shall include, inter alia, sophisticated investors, holder(s) of capital markets services licences and persons outside 
Malaysia. 
Pakistan  
The Securities are not being offered or sold and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Pakistan or to 
or for the account or benefit of: 
(i) 
any Resident of Pakistan for the purpose of the Foreign Exchange Manual and the Foreign Exchange 
Regulation Act, 1947 (a “Resident of Pakistan”); 
(ii) 
any entity owned in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, by one or more Residents of Pakistan; or 
(iii) 
any person whose purchase of the Securities is financed, whether directly or indirectly, from moneys financed 
by or sourced from any Resident of Pakistan. 
People’s Republic of China 
The Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the People’s Republic of China 
(excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) (the “PRC”) except in accordance with applicable PRC laws and 
regulations and, if the Securities are linked to the PRC Securities (as defined below), such Securities may not be 
offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, to: 
(a) 
any person unless: 
(i) 
it is not a PRC Resident or an entity incorporated or registered under the laws of the PRC; 
(ii) 
if it is a PRC Resident, it is using funds lawfully owned by it and located outside the PRC to make 
investments in the Securities; or  
(iii) 
if it is an entity incorporated or registered under the laws of the PRC, its investment in the Securities 
has been conducted pursuant to any programme approved by, or any other approval of, any competent 
PRC regulator,  
and its investment in the Securities does not violate the laws and regulations of the PRC, including those in 
relation to foreign exchange control and reporting; where 
“PRC Resident” means a person who is a citizen of the PRC and does not have permanent right of abode in 
a jurisdiction outside the PRC;

--- Page 260 ---
Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
260 
(b) 
if there are any Securities for which “ChiNext Shares” or “STAR Shares” is specified in relation to the 
Reference Underlying, each owner and beneficial owner of such Securities who is not an Eligible Investor; 
or 
(c) 
any person incorporated, domiciled or resident in Taiwan or owned or controlled by a person(s) or entity(ies), 
incorporated, domiciled or resident in Taiwan (collectively, a “Taiwan Related Party”), unless the person: 
(i) 
(a) is not prohibited by any applicable Taiwan law, regulation, self-regulatory guideline or policy 
applicable to dealings by Taiwan Related Parties with Mainland China (“Cross Straits Rules”) from 
purchasing the relevant Securities and (b) will, in making such purchase, be in full compliance with 
any limitations under the Cross Straits Rules or otherwise on the amount, scope or nature of 
investments by him/her/it in Securities;  
(ii) 
is not acquiring the PRC Share Securities or PRC Index Securities for the purpose of gaining or 
exercising control or influence, directly or indirectly, over the management of any company 
incorporated in the PRC; and 
(iii) 
acknowledges and understands that it is its sole responsibility to determine, based on its own 
evaluation and advice from its professional advisers, that the purchase by it of the Securities complies 
with the Cross Straits Rules and that it shall place no reliance whatsoever on the Issuer, any Dealer or 
its nominated affiliate in such regard. 
“PRC Securities” means any shares, bonds, warrants or other securities listed on any stock exchange in the 
PRC, securities investment funds quoted in Renminbi or any other financial instruments in which a qualified 
foreign investor may from time to time invest pursuant to applicable PRC laws and regulations. 
“Renminbi” means the lawful currency of the PRC, which, for the purposes of the Conditions, excludes 
Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. 
Qatar and the Qatar Financial Centre 
This document is provided on an exclusive basis to the specifically intended recipient (being a qualified investor as 
intended to be described by the Qatar Financial Markets Authority or the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory 
Authority) in the State of Qatar (including Qatar Financial Centre) thereof, upon that person’s request and initiative, 
and for the recipient’s personal use only. 
Nothing in this document constitutes, is intended to constitute, shall be treated as constituting or shall be deemed to 
constitute (i) any offer or sale of securities in the State of Qatar or the Qatar Financial Centre (the “QFC”), (ii) the 
inward marketing of securities or (iii) an attempt to do business, as a bank, an investment company or otherwise in 
the State of Qatar or the QFC, other than in compliance with any applicable laws in the State of Qatar or the QFC 
governing the issue, offering and sale of securities.  
This document and the underlying instruments have not been reviewed, approved, registered or licensed by the Qatar 
Central Bank, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority, the Qatar Financial Markets Authority or any other 
regulator in the State of Qatar.  
Recourse against the Issuer and any Dealers, if appointed, and those involved with them, may be limited or difficult 
and may have to be pursued in a jurisdiction outside Qatar and the QFC.  
Any distribution of this document by the recipient to third parties in Qatar or the QFC beyond the terms hereof is 
not authorised and shall be at the liability of such recipient. 
Saudi Arabia  
This document does not constitute an offer to persons in Saudi Arabia and may not be distributed in Saudi Arabia 
except in accordance with the requirements of, and to such persons permitted under, the Rules on the Offers of 
Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Saudi Arabian Capital Market Authority (“CMA”).

--- Page 261 ---
Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
261 
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this document, and expressly 
disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part of this document. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities offered hereby should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of 
the information relating to the Securities. If you do not understand the contents of this document, you should consult 
an authorised financial adviser.  
Where the Securities are linked to any Reference Underlying listed on the Saudi Exchange (“Underlying Saudi 
Company”), each Securityholder is deemed to represent and agree that it: (A) acknowledges that, in accordance 
with the Rules for Qualified Foreign Financial Institutions Investment in Listed Securities issued by the CMA (the 
“QFI Rules”), the direct purchase or ownership of any shares listed on the Saudi Exchange’s main market by foreign 
investors is not permitted unless the investor is a Qualified Foreign Investor accepted as a client by an Capital Market 
Institution, and that any purchases or ownership of such Securities by a Qualified Foreign Investor must be in 
accordance with and subject to the restrictions set out in the QFI Rules; (B) is aware of the terms of the CMA Board 
of Commissioners resolution 2-28-2008 dated 18th August 2008 as amended by subsequent resolutions, the most 
recent of which is the CMA Board of Commissioners resolution (referred to in CMA circular dated 03/05/2018) 
(“CMA Resolution”), which allows “Capital Market Institutions” to enter into swap agreements with non-resident 
foreign investors, whether institutions or individuals, to transfer the economic benefits of shares which are listed on 
the Saudi Exchange. Pursuant to the conditions specified in the CMA Resolution, Capital Market Institutions are 
prohibited from entering into swap agreements or executing any swap transaction with the following parties: (i) 
Qualified Foreign Investors (as defined in the QFI Rules); (ii) citizens of the Cooperation Council for the Arab States 
of the Gulf (the natural persons who hold the citizenship of one of the Cooperation Council for the Arab States of 
the Gulf countries, or legal persons: (a) the capital of which is majority owned by citizens or governments of the 
Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf; and (b) that hold the citizenship for the Cooperation Council 
for the Arab States of the Gulf countries in accordance with the definition set out in the resolution of the Supreme 
Council of the Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf in its 15th session approved by the Council of 
Ministers Resolution number 16 dated 20/01/1418H); (iii) foreign investors residing in Saudi Arabia; and (iv) a 
foreign person, other than those referred to in (i) to (iii) above, that owns securities of a company listed on the Saudi 
Exchange in relation to swap transactions that involve the shares and convertible debt instruments of that listed 
company. In addition, the CMA Resolution stipulates that the total securities underlying a swap transaction for each 
securityholder must not reach 10 per cent. or more of the shares of any issuer whose shares are listed or convertible 
debt instrument of the issuer. Capital Market Institutions retain the legal ownership of such shares and, pursuant to 
the conditions specified in the CMA Resolution, Capital Market Institutions are required to provide certain 
information on beneficiaries who obtain the economic benefits of such shares; (C) is aware of the terms of the terms 
of the Guidance Note for the investment of Non Resident Foreigners in the Parallel Market issued by the CMA 
(“Parallel Market Guidance Note”). Under the Parallel Market Guidance Note the following categories of 
foreigners who do not reside in Saudi Arabia are allowed to invest in the Saudi Exchange’s Parallel Market: (i)  
Qualified Foreign Investors (as defined in the QFI Rules), (ii) the ultimate beneficiary in a swap agreement with a 
Capital Market Institution, (iii) a legal person allowed to open an investment account in Saudi Arabia and an account 
at the Saudi Depositary Center and who is licensed or incorporated in a jurisdiction that applies regulatory and 
monitoring standards equivalent to those of the CMA or acceptable to it, and (iv) a natural person holding the 
nationality of a country that applies regulatory and monitoring standards equivalent to those of the CMA or 
acceptable to it and residing in such a country and who fulfils any of the following criteria: a. has conducted 
transactions in security markets of not less than SR40 million in total, and not less than ten transactions in each 
quarter during the last twelve months, b. has net assets of not less than SR5 million, c. works or has worked for at 
least three years in the financial sector, d. holds the General Securities Qualification Certificate which is recognized 
by the CMA, or e. holds a professional certificate that is related to securities business and accredited by an 
internationally recognized entity; (D) consents to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates providing such information as may 
be requested by the CMA, including, without limitation, the full legal name of the beneficial owner of the Securities, 
its country of origin and the names and quantities of the underlying shares (the “CMA Required Information”) 
and to make any notifications and/or reports to the CMA and undertakes to provide such information, in a timely

--- Page 262 ---
Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
262 
manner, to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates upon request; and (E) acknowledges that the CMA reserves the right to 
instruct the Issuer and/or its Affiliates or any other entity through which the Issuer hedges the Securities to impose 
any qualitative or quantitative restrictions or any other requirements on any swap agreement corresponding to the 
Securities or on the ultimate beneficial investors. Accordingly, the holder of the Securities acknowledges that the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates may be obliged to give effect to such restrictions or requirements and may do so in such 
manner as the Issuer deems most expedient, whether by terminating or amending the terms of the Securities. 
Singapore 
This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, this Base 
Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Securities may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the Securities be offered or sold, or be made 
the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other 
than:  
(i) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A(1)(c) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA;  
(ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or to 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA and, where applicable, the conditions specified in Regulation 3 of the Securities and 
Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018; or  
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Securities are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in the SFA)), the sole business of which is to 
hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is 
an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) or securities-based derivatives contracts (as defined in Section 2(1) 
of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not 
be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Securities pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 
275(2) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Where Securities are issued under the Programme by Credit Suisse AG, Singapore Branch: (a) the Securities, if 
denominated in Singapore dollars, will have an original maturity period of not less than 12 months; (b) the Securities, 
if denominated in Singapore dollars and with an original maturity period of less than 12 months, will have a 
denomination of not less than SGD 200,000; (c) the Securities will be denominated in a currency other than 
Singapore dollars; or (d) the Securities will be issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a contravention 
of the Guidelines for Operation of Wholesale Banks and such that the Securities do not constitute a “deposit” for the 
purposes of the Banking Act, Chapter 19 of Singapore.

--- Page 263 ---
Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
263 
Where (a) the Issuer of the Securities is Credit Suisse AG, Singapore Branch, (b) the Securities are denominated in 
Singapore dollars and (c) the Securities have a specified denomination of less than SGD 200,000: 
(a) 
the place of booking of the issue is the Singapore Branch of Credit Suisse AG; and 
(b) 
repayment under each Security is not secured by any means. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification  
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, unless otherwise specified before an 
offer of Securities, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) 
of the SFA), that the Securities are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in the MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and in the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
Unless otherwise exempted under the CMP Regulations 2018, prior to the offer of any Securities, the Issuer will 
provide written notice in accordance with Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA to the Dealers if (a) there is a change in the 
classification of the Securities as capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products and 
Specified Investment Products or (b) there are any other dealers who are not Dealer(s) at launch of the offering 
Switzerland  
This document is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Securities described 
herein. The Securities may not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in, into or from 
Switzerland to private clients within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application 
has or will be made to admit the Securities to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) 
in Switzerland.  
Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Securities constitutes a prospectus 
pursuant to FinSA and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with the offering of the 
Securities. Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Securities may be 
publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available to private clients in Switzerland.  
Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offering, nor the Issuer nor the 
Securities have been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. 
Any Securities with a maturity of one year or longer may not be sold to Swiss resident private investors in any case. 
Taiwan  
The Securities may not be sold, offered or issued to Taiwan resident investors unless (a) they are made available 
outside Taiwan for purchase by such investors outside Taiwan or (b) they are being sold, offered or issued to Taiwan 
resident investors in compliance with the applicable Taiwanese laws and regulations. 
Securities linked to shares of companies incorporated in the PRC that are listed on either the Shanghai Stock 
Exchange, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange or the Beijing Stock Exchange and quoted in Renminbi may be made 
available outside Taiwan to Taiwan resident investors otherwise legally permitted to invest in such products, so long 
as such investors are not investing therein for purposes of gaining or exercising control or influence, directly or 
indirectly, over the management of any company incorporated in the PRC, but are not permitted to be offered, 
marketed, sold or issued in Taiwan. 
Where the Securities are linked to any Reference Underlying listed in Taiwan (“Taiwanese Reference 
Underlyings”), the Securities may only be made available for purchase in circumstances where the purchase of 
Securities linked to Taiwanese Reference Underlyings is not funded, directly or indirectly, from moneys financed 
by or sourced from Taiwan or PRC sources and where the purchaser and its beneficial owners or controllers do not

--- Page 264 ---
Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
264 
fall in the categories of persons who are not allowed to trade and own such Securities set out in paragraphs (a) to (h) 
below. The Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered to the following categories of persons:  
(a) 
nationals of Taiwan or individuals known, or reasonably believed, to be representing the interests of 
Taiwanese citizens; 
(b) 
individuals domiciled or companies incorporated in Taiwan; 
(c) 
overseas companies beneficially owned or controlled by Taiwanese nationals; 
(d) 
Taiwanese insiders intending to trade their companies’ shares. For the purpose of this paragraph, any director, 
supervisor, manager, or shareholder holding more than 10 per cent. of the shares of the company directly or 
indirectly via a spouse, minor child or nominee is deemed an insider of such company the shares of which 
are traded on the Taiwan Stock Exchange or Taipei Exchange (previously known as GreTai Securities Market); 
(e) 
offshore personal investment companies of which any of those listed in the paragraphs (a) to (d) above is a 
beneficial owner; 
(f) 
nationals of the PRC or individuals known, or reasonably believed, to be representing the interests of PRC 
citizens; 
(g) 
individuals domiciled or companies incorporated in the PRC; and 
(h) 
overseas companies beneficially owned or controlled by PRC nationals, individuals, companies, 
organisations or institutions (collectively “PRC Investor”). For the purpose of this paragraph, “owned” 
means the PRC Investor holds directly or indirectly more than 30 per cent. of the shares in or contributes 
more than 30 per cent. of the capital of the overseas company; and “controlled” means the PRC Investor has 
control power over such overseas company, which comprises any of the following: 
(i) 
the PRC Investor has control over the majority of the votes of the overseas company pursuant to its 
agreement with other investors; 
(ii) 
the PRC Investor has control over the financial, operational, and/or human resources policies of the 
overseas company pursuant to law or regulations or contractual commitments, including, but not 
limited to: (A) the PRC Investor is actually in charge of the operation of the overseas company 
pursuant to a joint-venture or joint-management agreement; (B) the PRC Investor can appoint the 
chief executive officer of the overseas company; and (C) the PRC Investor extends loans to or 
guarantees the debts of the overseas company where the amount or value of such loan or guarantee 
equals to or exceeds one-third of the total assets of the overseas company; 
(iii) 
the PRC Investor has the right to appoint or discharge a majority of the directors on the board (or 
organisation determining the company’s operational policies), which has control over the overseas 
company’s operations; 
(iv) 
the PRC Investor has control over the majority of the votes of the directors on the board (or 
organisation determining the company’s operational policies), which has control over the overseas 
company’s operations; or 
(v) 
the PRC Investor has otherwise any form of control power over the overseas company as defined 
under the International Financial Reporting Standards or R.O.C. Statements of Auditing Standards. 
United Kingdom 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
No Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final 
terms in relation thereto shall be offered or will be offered to the public in United Kingdom (the “UK”), except that 
such Securities may be offered to the public in the UK:

--- Page 265 ---
Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
265 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”) (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”); 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the UK Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the “FSMA”, as amended),  
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Securities 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the UK. For purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
“retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA;  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Securities. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of “retained 
EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”), for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Securities 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
The Securities may only be sold, offered or issued: 
(a) 
in relation to any Securities which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Securities would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by CS;

--- Page 266 ---
Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
266 
(b) 
in compliance with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done in relation to any 
Securities in, from or otherwise involving the UK; and 
(c) 
if by means of any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 
21 of the FSMA), where such invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity is communicated in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre)  
This Prospectus may not be distributed in the UAE other than to investors: 
(a) 
who qualify as professional investors as defined in the Securities and Commodities Authority (“SCA”) 
Rulebook; or 
(b) 
at their sole initiative, upon their request and confirmation that they understand the contents of this 
Prospectus.  
The Securities will be sold outside the UAE and no Securities have been or are being publicly offered, sold, promoted 
or advertised in the UAE other than in compliance with any laws applicable in the United Arab Emirates governing 
the issue, offering and sale of securities. The information contained in this Prospectus does not constitute a public 
offer of the Securities in the UAE. This Prospectus and any relevant documents have not been approved by, or 
deposited with, the UAE Central Bank, SCA or any other relevant licensing authorities or governmental agencies in 
the UAE.  
This Prospectus must not be shown, made available or provided to any person other than the original recipient and 
may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. If you do not understand the contents of this Prospectus, you 
should consult an authorised financial adviser. 
United States of America 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or 
other jurisdiction of the United States. The Securities may not be offered, sold , pledged or otherwise transferred nor 
may transactions in such Securities be executed, at any time, within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons, except in certain transactions exempt from, or a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Each distributor (the term “distributor” includes the Issuer and any Dealers, if appointed) has agreed and each 
further distributor appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, except (where the Issuer has 
appointed one or more distributors in addition to itself) as permitted by the terms of the relevant agreement between 
the Issuer and such distributor, it will not offer or sell Securities (i) as part of the distributor’s distribution at any 
time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of an identifiable tranche of which such 
Securities are a part, as determined and certified to the Principal Paying Agent by the relevant distributor (or, in the 
case of an identifiable tranche of Securities sold to or through more than one distributor, by each of such distributors 
with respect to Securities of an identifiable tranche purchased by or through it, in which case the Principal Paying 
Agent shall notify such distributor when all such distributors have so certified), within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except to certain QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A, and (where the Issuer has 
appointed one or more distributors in addition to itself) it will have sent to each distributor to which it sells Securities 
during the distribution compliance period (other than resales pursuant to Rule 144A) a confirmation or other notice 
setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of the Securities within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Securities are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
The distributors may directly or through their respective U.S. broker-dealer affiliates arrange for the offer and resale 
of Securities within the United States only to QIBs, purchasing for its or their own account or for the account of a 
QIB, in reliance on Rule 144A.

--- Page 267 ---
Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
267 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Securities, an offer 
or sale of such Securities within the United States by any distributor (whether or not participating in the offering of 
such tranche of Securities) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is 
made otherwise than in accordance with Rule 144A. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Securities 
outside the United States and/or for the resale of the Securities in the United States. The Issuer and the distributors 
reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Securities, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base 
Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States or to any U.S. person, other than any QIB 
to whom an offer has been made directly by one of the distributors or its U.S. broker-dealer affiliate. Distribution of 
this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States or by any QIB in the United States to any 
U.S. person or to any other person within the United States, other than any QIB and those persons, if any, retained 
to advise such non-U.S. person or QIB with respect thereto, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior 
written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, 
other than any QIB and those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. person or QIB, is prohibited. 
It is expected that delivery of the Securities will be made against payment therefor on or about a date which will 
occur more than two business days after the date of pricing of the Securities, which date may be specified in the 
Final Terms (“Settlement Date”). Pursuant to Rule 15c6-1 under the Exchange Act, trades in the secondary market 
generally are required to settle in two business days, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. 
Accordingly, if the Settlement Date is more than two business days after the date of pricing of the Securities, 
purchasers who wish to trade Securities more than two business days prior to the Settlement Date will be required, 
by virtue of the fact that the Securities may initially settle on or about a date which will occur more than two business 
days after the date of pricing of the Securities, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade 
to prevent a failed settlement. Purchasers of Securities who wish to trade Securities on the date of pricing or the next 
succeeding business day should consult their own adviser. 
Vietnam  
The Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered in Vietnam unless otherwise permitted by the applicable laws 
and regulations of Vietnam. 
Where the Securities are linked to equity interests, bonds, convertible bonds or other hybrid securities, or other 
securities issued by entities established under the laws of Vietnam or other entities permitted to issue the Securities 
in Vietnam (“Vietnamese Reference Underlyings”): 
(a) 
the Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered to (i) any resident of Vietnam (a “Resident of Vietnam”) 
and/or (ii) any entity that is owned in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, by one or more Residents of 
Vietnam; 
(b) 
the Vietnamese Reference Underlyings may not be purchased, directly or indirectly, by a Resident of Vietnam, 
or for the account of, or benefit of, any Resident of Vietnam; and  
(c) 
the Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in Vietnam, or to any Resident of 
Vietnam. 
General 
None of the Issuer or the Dealers represents that Securities may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, 
or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
The offer and sale of the Securities will also be subject to such other restrictions on distribution and transfer as may 
be set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 268 ---
Taxation 
268 
TAXATION 
General Taxation Information 
The information provided below does not purport to provide complete information about the tax law and 
practice currently available. Potential purchasers of Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisers 
as to the tax consequences of transactions involving Securities. The following description of tax law is based 
upon the law and regulations as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any amendments 
in such law and regulations introduced at a later date, whether or not on a retroactive basis. 
Nassau – The Bahamas  
Under the laws of The Bahamas, holders of Securities are not liable to pay any income tax, capital gains tax, 
inheritance tax, estate tax, transfer tax, sales tax or any similar taxes, imposed by The Bahamas government, on 
income or distributions accruing to them as a result of or derived from the Securities or otherwise in connection with 
any transaction concerning Securities, including, without limitation, the acquisition or disposal of Securities or any 
interest therein. 
Payments made by CS acting through its Nassau Branch will not be subject to any withholding tax imposed by the 
government of The Bahamas. 
No stamp duty is chargeable in The Bahamas on the issue or transfer of Securities; provided, however, that where 
Securities qualify as “foreign currency denominated debt instruments” for the purpose of Bahamian law (i.e. notes, 
bonds, debentures or other instruments or certificates of indebtedness or obligation, including contingent 
indebtedness or obligation that are: (a) denominated in a currency other than Bahamian currency; (b) of any maturity 
whatsoever; and (c) offered for issuance outside The Bahamas by a licensed bank in The Bahamas), stamp duty shall 
be payable by the issuer at a rate of $1,000 per instrument. 
This information is of a general nature and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax 
considerations under Bahamian law that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, to hold or to dispose of the 
Securities. 
Each investor should consult a tax adviser as to the tax consequences relating to its particular circumstances resulting 
from holding the Securities. 
Switzerland 
According to the present Swiss law and practice of the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, payments of interest on 
Securities (issued by non-Swiss resident issuers) will not be subject to Swiss withholding tax.  
Secondary market transactions of Securities might be subject to Swiss turnover stamp tax if a Swiss securities dealer 
is involved as a counterparty or an intermediary in the transaction. 
Luxembourg  
The comments below are intended as a basic summary of certain withholding and direct tax consequences in relation 
to the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Securities under Luxembourg law. Persons who are in any doubt as 
to their tax position should consult a professional tax adviser.  
Withholding Tax 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to certain exceptions (as described below), there 
is no withholding tax on payments of principal or interest made to Securityholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect of Securities, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of 
Securities.

--- Page 269 ---
Taxation 
 
269 
(i) 
Non-resident Securityholders 
Under current Luxembourg tax laws, there is no withholding tax on payments of interest (including accrued 
but unpaid interest) made to a Luxembourg non-resident individual Securityholder.   
(ii) 
Resident Securityholders 
Under the Law of 23rd December 2005 as amended, interest payments made by Luxembourg paying agents 
to Luxembourg individual residents are subject to a 20 per cent. withholding tax. Responsibility for 
withholding such tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
Income Taxation – Non-resident Securityholders 
A non-resident corporate Securityholder or an individual Securityholder acting in the course of the management of 
a professional or business undertaking, who has a permanent establishment or permanent representative in 
Luxembourg to which such Securities are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or 
received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Securities and on any gains realised upon the sale or 
disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Securities. 
Ireland  
The following is a summary based on the laws and practices currently in force in Ireland of certain matters regarding 
the tax position of investors who are the absolute beneficial owners of their Securities and should be treated with 
appropriate caution. Particular rules may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding Securities, including dealers 
in securities and trusts. The summary does not constitute tax or legal advice, and the comments below are of a 
general nature only. It does not discuss all aspects of Irish taxation that may be relevant to any particular holder of 
Securities. Prospective investors in the Securities should consult their professional advisers on the tax implications 
of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Securities and the receipt of interest thereon under the laws of 
their country of residence, citizenship or domicile. 
(a) 
Withholding tax  
Tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required to be withheld from payments of 
Irish source interest. An Issuer will not be obliged to withhold Irish income tax from payments of interest on 
the Securities, so long as such payments do not constitute Irish source income. Interest and premium paid on 
the Securities may be treated as having an Irish source if: 
(i) 
the Issuer is resident in Ireland for tax purposes;  
(ii) 
the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for tax purposes but the register for the Securities is maintained in 
Ireland or, if the Securities are in bearer form, the Securities are physically held in Ireland; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer has a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland, the assets or income of which is used 
to fund the payments on the Securities. 
It is anticipated that: (i) the Issuer is not and will not be resident in Ireland for tax purposes; (ii) the Issuer 
will not have a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland whose assets or income are used to fund 
payments under the Securities; (iii) payments under the Securities will not be derived from Irish sources or 
assets; (iv) bearer Securities will not be physically located in Ireland; and (v) the Issuer will not maintain a 
register of any registered Securities in Ireland. 
(b) 
Encashment tax 
In certain circumstances, Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the current rate of 25 per cent. from any 
interest, dividends or other annual payments paid on or in respect of Securities issued by a company not 
resident in Ireland, where such interest, dividends or other annual payments are collected or realised by a 
bank or encashment agent in Ireland on behalf of or for payment to any Securityholder who is Irish resident.

--- Page 270 ---
Taxation 
 
270 
Encashment tax does not apply where the Securityholder is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration 
in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank. An exemption also applies where the payment is 
made to a company that is beneficially entitled to the income and is within the charge to Irish corporation tax 
in respect of the income. 
Singapore 
The statements below are only applicable to Securities issued by Credit Suisse AG, Singapore Branch, are general 
in nature and are based on certain aspects of current tax laws in Singapore and administrative guidelines and circulars 
issued by the relevant authorities in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in 
such laws, guidelines or circulars, or the interpretation of such laws, guidelines or circulars, occurring after such 
date, which changes could be made on a retroactive basis. These laws, guidelines and circulars are also subject to 
various interpretations and the relevant tax authorities or the courts could later disagree with the explanations or 
conclusions set out below. Neither these statements nor any other statements in this Base Prospectus are intended or 
are to be regarded as advice on the tax position of any prospective holder of the Securities or of any person acquiring, 
selling or otherwise dealing with the Securities or on any tax implications arising from the acquisition, sale or other 
dealings in respect of the Securities. The statements made herein do not purport to be a comprehensive or exhaustive 
description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose 
of the Securities and do not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some 
of which (such as dealers in securities or financial institutions in Singapore which have been granted the relevant 
Financial Sector Incentive(s)) may be subject to special rules or tax rates. Prospective holders of the Securities are 
advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the Singapore or other tax and tax reporting consequences of the 
acquisition, ownership of or disposal of the Securities, including, in particular, the effect of any foreign, state or 
local tax laws to which they are subject. It is emphasised that neither the Issuer nor any other person involved in the 
Base Prospectus accepts responsibility for any tax effects or liabilities resulting from the subscription for, purchase, 
holding or disposal of the Securities. 
Income Tax – General 
Individual Taxpayers 
An individual is a tax resident in Singapore in a year of assessment if, in the preceding year, he was physically 
present in Singapore or exercised an employment in Singapore (other than as a director of a company) for 183 days 
or more or if he resides in Singapore. 
Individual taxpayers who are Singapore tax residents are subject to Singapore income tax on income accruing in or 
derived from Singapore, subject to certain exceptions. All foreign-sourced income received in Singapore on or after 
1st January 2004 by a Singapore tax resident individual (except for income received through a partnership in 
Singapore) is exempt from Singapore income tax. 
A Singapore tax resident individual is taxed at progressive rates of up to 22 per cent. with effect from the year of 
assessment 2017. 
Non-resident individuals, subject to certain exceptions and conditions, are subject to Singapore income tax on 
income accruing in or derived from Singapore at the rate of 22 per cent. with effect from the year of assessment 
2017. 
Corporate Taxpayers 
A company is tax resident in Singapore if the control and management of its business is exercised in Singapore. 
Singapore corporate tax residents are subject to Singapore income tax on income accruing in or derived from 
Singapore and, subject to certain exceptions, on foreign-sourced income received or deemed to be received in 
Singapore. Specified foreign-sourced income in the form of dividends, branch profits and service income received 
or deemed to be received in Singapore by Singapore tax resident companies on or after 1st June 2003 are exempt 
from tax if certain prescribed conditions are met, including the following:

--- Page 271 ---
Taxation 
 
271 
(a) 
such income had been subjected to tax (based on prescribed conditions and clarifications set out by the Inland 
Revenue Authority of Singapore (the “IRAS”)) in the foreign jurisdiction from which such income is 
received; and  
(b) 
at the time the foreign income is received in Singapore, the highest corporate rate of tax of a similar character 
to income tax (by whatever name called) of the foreign jurisdiction from which the income is received is not 
less than 15 per cent. 
Non-resident corporate taxpayers, with certain exceptions, are subject to Singapore income tax on income accruing 
in or derived from Singapore, and on foreign-sourced income received or deemed to be received in Singapore. 
The corporate tax rate in Singapore is currently 17 per cent. Corporate taxpayer in Singapore can also enjoy partial 
tax exemption with up to three-quarter of the first S$10,000, and one-half of the next S$290,000, of a company’s 
chargeable income being exempted from Singapore income tax. The remaining chargeable income (after the partial 
tax exemption) will be taxed at the prevailing corporate tax rate. In addition, companies will receive a 40 and 20 per 
cent. corporate income tax rebate for the years of assessment 2018 and 2019, subject to a cap of S$15,000 and 
S$10,000, respectively, for each year of assessment. New companies may also, subject to certain conditions and 
exceptions, be eligible for full tax exemption on their normal chargeable income of up to S$100,000 a year for each 
of the company’s first three years of assessment. 
Withholding Tax on Interest and Other Payments on the Securities 
A payer who makes payment(s) of a specified nature (e.g. Royalty, Interest, Technical Service Fee, etc.) to a non-
resident company or individual (known as payee) is required to withhold a percentage of that payment and pay the 
amount withheld to the IRAS.  
Subject to the following paragraphs, under Section 12(6) of the Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore (the 
“ITA”), payments including the following may be deemed to be derived from Singapore: 
(a) 
any interest, commission, fee or any other payment in connection with any loan or indebtedness or with any 
arrangement, management, guarantee or service relating to any loan or indebtedness which is (i) borne, 
directly or indirectly, by a person resident in Singapore or a permanent establishment in Singapore (except in 
respect of any business carried on outside Singapore through a permanent establishment outside Singapore 
or any immovable property situated outside Singapore) or (ii) deductible against any income accruing in or 
derived from Singapore; or 
(b) 
any income derived from loans where the funds provided by such loans are brought into or used in Singapore. 
Such payments, where made to a person not known to the paying party to be a resident in Singapore for tax purposes, 
are generally subject to withholding tax in Singapore. The rate at which tax is to be withheld for such payments 
(other than those subject to the 15 per cent. final withholding tax described below) to non-resident persons (other 
than non-resident individuals) is currently 17 per cent. The applicable rate for non-resident individuals is currently 
22 per cent. However, if the payment is derived by a person not resident in Singapore otherwise than from any trade, 
business, profession or vocation carried on or exercised by such person in Singapore and is not effectively connected 
with any permanent establishment in Singapore of that person, the payment is subject to a final withholding tax of 
15 per cent. The tax rates may be reduced by applicable tax treaties, with relevant Certificate of Residency provided 
at the point of transacting.  
Notwithstanding the above, certain Singapore-sourced investment income derived by individuals from financial 
instruments is exempt from tax if the prescribed conditions are met, including: 
(a) 
interest from debt securities derived on or after 1st January 2004; 
(b) 
discount income (not including discount income arising from secondary trading) from debt securities derived 
on or after 17th February 2006; and

--- Page 272 ---
Taxation 
 
272 
(c) 
prepayment fee, redemption premium and break cost from debt securities derived on or after 15th February 
2007, except where such income is derived by individuals through a partnership in Singapore or is derived 
from the carrying on of a trade, business or profession. 
Withholding Tax Exemption on Qualifying Payments by Specified Entities 
Pursuant to Section 45I of the ITA, payments of income which are deemed under Section 12(6) of the ITA to be 
derived from Singapore and which are made by Credit Suisse AG acting through its Singapore Branch shall be 
exempt from withholding tax if such payments are liable to be made by such specified entity for within the period 
from 17th February 2012 to 31st March 2021. Notwithstanding the above, permanent establishments in Singapore 
of non-resident persons are required to declare such payments in their annual income tax returns and will be assessed 
to tax on such payments (unless specifically exempt from tax). 
A specified entity includes a bank licensed under the Banking Act, Chapter 19 of Singapore or a merchant bank 
approved under the Monetary Authority of Singapore Act, Chapter 186 of Singapore. 
Qualifying Debt Securities Scheme 
In addition, if more than half of the issue of a tranche of the Securities which are issued as debt securities under the 
Programme during the period from the date of this Base Prospectus to 31st December 2023 are distributed by 
Financial Sector Incentive (Bond Market), Financial Sector Incentive (Capital Market) or Financial Sector Incentive 
(Standard Tier) Companies (as defined in the ITA), such tranche of Securities (the “Relevant Securities”) would be 
qualifying debt securities (“QDS”) under the ITA. 
If the Relevant Securities are QDS: 
(a) 
subject to certain prescribed conditions having been fulfilled (including the furnishing by the Issuer, or such 
other person as the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) may direct, to the MAS of a return on debt 
securities for the Relevant Securities in the prescribed format within such period as the MAS may specify 
and such other particulars in connection with the Relevant Securities as the MAS may require and the 
inclusion by the Issuer in all offering documents relating to the Relevant Securities of a statement to the effect 
that, where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost is derived from the 
Relevant Securities by a person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any operation in 
Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption for qualifying debt securities 
shall not apply if the non-resident person acquires the Relevant Securities using funds from that person’s 
operations through the Singapore permanent establishment), interest, discount income (not including discount 
income arising from secondary trading), prepayment fee, redemption premium and break cost (collectively, 
the “Qualifying Income”) from the Relevant Securities, derived by a holder who is not resident in Singapore 
and who (aa) does not have any permanent establishment in Singapore or (bb) carries on any operation in 
Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore but the funds used by that person to acquire the 
Relevant Securities are not funds and profits of that person’s operations through a permanent establishment 
in Singapore, are exempt from Singapore tax; 
(b) 
subject to certain conditions having been fulfilled (including the furnishing by the Issuer, or such other person 
as the MAS may direct, to the MAS of a return on debt securities for the Relevant Securities in the prescribed 
format within such period as the MAS may specify and such other particulars in connection with the Relevant 
Securities as the MAS may require), Qualifying Income from the Relevant Securities derived by any company 
or a body of persons (as defined in the ITA) in Singapore is subject to tax at a concessionary rate of 10 per 
cent. (except for holders of the relevant Financial Sector Incentive(s) who may be taxed at different rates); 
and 
(c) 
subject to:  
(i) 
the Issuer, including in all offering documents relating to the Relevant Securities a statement to the 
effect that any person whose interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break

--- Page 273 ---
Taxation 
 
273 
cost derived from the Relevant Securities is not exempt from tax shall declare and include such income 
in a return of income made under the ITA; and 
(ii) 
the furnishing by the Issuer, or such other person as the MAS may direct, to the MAS of a return on 
debt securities for the Relevant Securities in the prescribed format within such period as the MAS 
may specify and such other particulars in connection with the Relevant Securities as the MAS may 
require,  
payments of Qualifying Income derived from the Relevant Securities are not subject to withholding of tax by 
the Issuer. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing: 
(a) 
if, during the primary launch of any tranche of Relevant Securities, the Relevant Securities of such tranche 
are issued to fewer than four persons and 50 per cent. or more of the issue of such Relevant Securities is 
beneficially held or funded, directly or indirectly, by related parties of the Issuer, such Relevant Securities 
would not qualify as QDS; and 
(b) 
even though a particular tranche of Relevant Securities are QDS, if, at any time during the tenure of such 
tranche of Relevant Securities, 50 per cent. or more of such Relevant Securities which are outstanding at any 
time during the life of their issue is beneficially held or funded, directly or indirectly, by any related party(ies) 
of the Issuer, Qualifying Income derived from such Relevant Securities held by: 
(i) 
any related party of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
any other person where the funds used by such person to acquire such Relevant Securities are obtained, 
directly or indirectly, from any related party of the Issuer, 
shall not be eligible for the tax exemption or the concessionary rate of tax as described above. 
The term “related party”, in relation to a person, means any other person who, directly or indirectly, controls that 
person, or is controlled, directly or indirectly, by that person, or where he and that other person, directly or indirectly, 
are under the control of a common person. 
The terms “break cost”, “prepayment fee” and “redemption premium” are defined in Section 13(16) of the ITA 
as follows: 
“break cost”, in relation to debt securities and qualifying debt securities, means any fee payable by the issuer 
of the securities on the early redemption of the securities, the amount of which is determined by any loss or 
liability incurred by the holder of the securities in connection with such redemption; 
“prepayment fee”, in relation to debt securities and qualifying debt securities, means any fee payable by the 
issuer of the securities on the early redemption of the securities, the amount of which is determined by the 
terms of the issuance of the securities; and 
“redemption premium”, in relation to debt securities and qualifying debt securities, means any premium 
payable by the issuer of the securities on the redemption of the securities upon their maturity. 
References to “break cost”, “prepayment fee” and “redemption premium” in this Singapore tax disclosure have the 
same meaning as defined in the ITA. 
Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost (i.e., the Qualifying Income) 
is derived from the Relevant Securities by any person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any 
operations in Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption for QDS under the ITA 
(as mentioned above) shall not apply if such person acquires such Securities using the funds and profits of such 
person’s operations through a permanent establishment in Singapore. Any person whose interest, discount income, 
prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost (i.e., the Qualifying Income) derived from the Relevant

--- Page 274 ---
Taxation 
 
274 
Securities is not exempt from tax is required under the ITA to include such income in a return of income made under 
the ITA. 
Under the Qualifying Debt Securities Plus Scheme (“QDS Plus Scheme”), subject to certain conditions having been 
fulfilled (including the furnishing by the Issuer, or such other person as the MAS may direct, to the MAS of a return 
on debt securities in respect of the QDS in the prescribed format within such period as the MAS may specify and 
such other particulars in connection with the QDS as the MAS may require), income tax exemption is granted on 
Qualifying Income derived by any investor from QDS (excluding Singapore Government Securities) which: 
(a) 
are issued during the period from 16th February 2008 to 31st December 2018; 
(b) 
have an original maturity of not less than 10 years; 
(c) 
cannot have their tenure shortened to less than 10 years from the date of their issue, except where: 
(i) 
the shortening of the tenure is a result of any early termination pursuant to certain specified termination 
clauses which the Issuer included in any offering document for such QDS; and 
(ii) 
the QDS do not contain any call, put, conversion, exchange or similar option that can be triggered at 
specified dates or at specified prices which have been prices into the value of the QDS at the time of 
their issue; and 
(d) 
cannot be reopened with a resulting tenure of less than 10 years to the original maturity date.  
However, even if a particular tranche of the Relevant Securities are QDS which qualify under the QDS Plus Scheme, 
if, at any time during the tenure of such tranche of Relevant Securities, 50 per cent. or more of such Relevant 
Securities which are outstanding at any time during the life of their issue is beneficially held or funded, directly or 
indirectly, by any related party(ies) of the Issuer, Qualifying Income from such Relevant Securities derived by: 
(a) 
any related party of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
any other person where the funds used by such person to acquire such Relevant Securities are obtained, 
directly or indirectly, from any related party of the Issuer, 
shall not be eligible for the tax exemption under the QDS Plus Scheme as described above. 
Capital Gains 
Singapore does not impose tax on capital gains (i.e., gains which are considered to be capital in nature). However, 
depending on the specific facts and circumstances surrounding the acquisition and divestment of Securities, gains 
from the disposal of Securities may be construed to be of an income nature and be subject to Singapore income tax. 
Generally, any gains from the sale of Securities may be considered as income in nature if they arise from or are 
connected with the activities of any trade, business, profession or vocation carried on in Singapore. 
Holders of the Securities who apply or who are required to apply Singapore Financial Reporting Standard 39 – 
Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement (“FRS 39”) for Singapore income tax purposes may be 
required to recognise gains or losses (not being gains or losses in the nature of capital) on the Securities, irrespective 
of disposal, in accordance with FRS 39. Please see the section below on “Adoption of FRS 39 Treatment for 
Singapore Income Tax Purposes”. 
Adoption of FRS 39/FRS 109 Treatment for Singapore Income Tax Purposes 
Previously, the IRAS has issued a circular entitled “Income Tax Implications Arising from the Adoption of FRS 39 
– Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement” (the “FRS 39 Circular”). The ITA has since been amended 
to give effect to the FRS 39 Circular. A new circular entitled “Income Tax Implications Arising from the Adoption 
of FRS 109 – Financial Instruments” (the “FRS 109 Circular”) has since been issued by the IRAS in November 
2017. This replaces the existing FRS 39 and it applies to companies for financial years beginning on or after 
1st January 2018. An entity may choose to apply FRS 109 early.

--- Page 275 ---
Taxation 
 
275 
To minimise tax adjustments, the tax treatment of financial assets and liabilities on revenue account that are 
recognised and measured under FRS 109 will generally follow the accounting treatment. As such, companies that 
adopt FRS 109 are required to apply the FRS 109 accounting treatment for tax purposes. 
Estate Duty 
There is no Singapore estate duty with respect to all deaths occurring on or after 15th February 2008. 
Stamp Duty 
Stamp duty is payable on the instrument of transfer of stocks or shares having a register kept in Singapore, at the 
rate of 0.2 per cent. computed on the amount or value of consideration. The amount or value of consideration is the 
actual consideration or market value of such stock or shares, whichever is higher. The transferee is liable for stamp 
duty, unless there is an agreement to the contrary.  
No stamp duty is payable if no instrument of transfer is executed or the instrument of transfer is executed outside 
Singapore. However, stamp duty would be payable if an instrument of transfer which is executed outside Singapore 
is received in Singapore. 
Stamp duty is not applicable to electronic transfers of stocks or shares through The Central Depository (Pte) Limited. 
Common Reporting Standards  
Decree-Law 64/2016, of 11th October, effective since 1st January 2016, implements the certain provisions of the 
Code, commonly known as FATCA, as well as regulations enacted in the Financial Information Reporting Regime 
and transposes Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9th December 2014, amending Council Directive 2011/16/EU, 
which incorporates the common standard on reporting and due diligence for financial account information (“CRS”).  
Following approval by the OECD Council on 15th July 2014, on 21st July 2014 the OECD released the Standard 
for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information in Tax Matters. The latter sets forth a model regime to 
serve as the common standard on reporting and due diligence for financial account information, requiring financial 
institutions in participating jurisdictions to adopt uniform due diligence procedures and to report specified financial 
information to the relevant tax authorities, with a view to it being exchanged with the tax authorities of other 
jurisdictions. Pursuant to CRS, the UK and EU member states (other than Austria) have been exchanging information 
automatically as from 30th September 2017. However, pursuant to Council Directive 2014/107/EU, Austria 
commenced reporting on 30th September 2018. 
United States Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders  
The following is an overview of certain of the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposition of Securities by a non-U.S. holder that has no connection to the United States other than 
holding the Securities. For purposes of this section, a “non-U.S. holder” is a beneficial owner of Securities that is: 
(i) a non-resident alien individual for U.S. federal income tax purposes; (ii) a foreign corporation for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes; or (iii) an estate or trust whose income is not subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income 
basis. If a partnership (including any entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds 
Securities, the tax treatment of a partner generally will depend on the status of the partner and upon the activities of 
the partnership. Investors that are not non-U.S. holders or investors that are partnerships, should consult their tax 
advisers with regard to the U.S. federal income tax considerations of an investment in the Securities. 
This summary is based on interpretations of the Code, Treasury regulations issued thereunder, and rulings and 
decisions currently in effect (or in some cases proposed), all of which are subject to change. Any of those changes 
may be applied retroactively and may adversely affect the U.S. federal income tax consequences described herein. 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisers concerning the application of U.S. federal income tax 
laws to their particular situations, as well as any consequences of the purchase, beneficial ownership and disposition 
of Securities arising under the laws of any other taxing jurisdiction.

--- Page 276 ---
Taxation 
 
276 
INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISERS AS TO THE US FEDERAL, STATE, 
LOCAL, AND OTHER TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND 
DISPOSITION OF SECURITIES.  
Withholding on Dividend Equivalent Payments under Section 871(m)  
Section 871(m) of the Code and regulations thereunder treat a “dividend equivalent” payment as a dividend from 
sources within the United States. Such payments generally will be subject to U.S. withholding tax at a rate of 30 per 
cent.  
A dividend equivalent is any payment or deemed payment that references the payment of (i) a dividend from an 
underlying security pursuant to a securities lending or sale-repurchase transaction, (ii) a dividend from an underlying 
security pursuant to a “specified notional principal contract” (a “specified NPC”), (iii) a dividend from an underlying 
security pursuant to a specified equity-linked instrument (a “specified ELI”) and (iv) any other substantially similar 
payment. The regulations provide that a payment includes a dividend equivalent payment whether there is an explicit 
or implicit reference to a dividend with respect to the underlying security. An underlying security is any interest in 
an entity if a payment with respect to that interest could give rise to a U.S. source dividend pursuant to the United 
States Department of the Treasury (the “U.S. Treasury”) regulation section 1.861-3. An NPC is a notional principal 
contract as defined in U.S. Treasury regulation section 1.446-3(c). An equity-linked instrument (“ELI”) is a financial 
instrument (other than a securities lending or sale-repurchase transaction or an NPC) that references the value of one 
or more underlying securities, including a futures contract, forward contract, option, debt instrument or other 
contractual arrangement. A “section 871(m) transaction” is any securities lending or sale-repurchase transaction, 
specified NPC, or specified ELI. 
Pursuant to the regulations and administrative guidance, with respect to any transaction issued on or after 1st January 
2017 and before 1st January 2023, any NPC or ELI that has a delta of one with respect to an underlying security 
when the NPC or ELI is issued is a specified NPC or specified ELI, respectively. With respect to any transaction 
issued on or after 1st January 2023, (a) a “simple” NPC or “simple” ELI that has a delta of 0.8 or greater with respect 
to an underlying security when the NPC or ELI is issued is a specified NPC or specified ELI, respectively, and (b) a 
“complex” NPC or “complex” ELI that meets a substantial equivalence test with respect to an underlying security 
at the time of issuance is a specified NPC or specified ELI, respectively. The delta of a simple contract is determined, 
and the substantial equivalence test for a complex contract is performed, on the earlier of the date that the potential 
section 871(m) transaction is priced and the date when the potential section 871(m) transaction is issued; however, 
the issue date must be used if the potential section 871(m) transaction is priced more than 14 calendar days before 
it is issued. In addition, the delta or substantial equivalence of Securities that are held in inventory prior to their sale 
to an investor may, in certain cases, be required to be retested at the time of sale or disposition from inventory. If 
Securities sold from inventory are determined to be section 871(m) transactions and the same series of Securities 
sold at issuance were determined not to be section 871(m) transactions, holders of Securities sold at issuance may 
be adversely affected to the extent the Issuer or a withholding agent does not, or is unable to, identify and distinguish 
Securities sold to investors at issuance from those sold out of inventory. 
Certain events could cause previously issued Securities to be deemed to be issued as new securities for purposes of 
the effective dates provided in the regulations. For example, it is possible that the IRS could assert that a 
reconstitution or rebalancing of an underlying index or basket is a significant modification of the Securities due to 
an exercise of discretion with respect to such reconstitution or rebalancing and, therefore, a deemed issuance of the 
Securities upon the occurrence of such event. It is also possible that U.S. withholding tax could apply to the 
Securities under these rules if a holder enters, or has entered, into certain other transactions in respect of the 
underlying equity or the Securities. A holder that enters, or has entered, into other transactions in respect of the 
underlying or the Securities should consult their own tax adviser regarding the application of Code section 871(m) 
to their Securities in the context of such other transactions. 
Withholding on payments will be based on actual dividends or, if otherwise notified by the Issuer in accordance with 
applicable regulations, on estimated dividends used in pricing the Security. If a Security provides for any payments

--- Page 277 ---
Taxation 
 
277 
in addition to estimated dividends to reflect dividend amounts on the underlying security, withholding will be based 
on the total payments. If an issue of Securities is a section 871(m) transaction, information regarding the amount of 
each dividend equivalent, the delta of the potential 871(m) transaction, the amount of any tax withheld and deposited, 
the estimated dividend amount and any other information necessary to apply the regulations in respect of such 
Securities will be provided, communicated or made available to holders of the Securities (which may be through 
intermediaries or custodians) in a manner permitted by the applicable regulations. Withholding tax may apply even 
where holders do not receive a concurrent payment on the Securities in respect of dividends on the underlying 
security. U.S. tax will be withheld on any portion of a payment or deemed payment (including, if appropriate, the 
payment of the purchase price) that is a dividend equivalent.  
If withholding applies, the rate of any withholding may not be reduced even if the holder is otherwise eligible for a 
reduction under an applicable treaty, although a non-U.S. holder that is entitled to a lower rate of withholding under 
a tax treaty may be able to claim a refund for any excess amounts withheld by filing a U.S. tax return. However, 
holders may not receive the necessary information to properly claim a refund for any withholding in excess of the 
applicable treaty-based amount. In addition, the IRS may not credit a holder with withholding taxes remitted in 
respect of its Security for purposes of claiming a refund. Finally, a holder’s resident tax jurisdiction may not permit 
the holder to take a credit for U.S. withholding taxes related to the dividend equivalent amount. The Issuer will not 
pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts withheld.  
The Issuer’s determination as to whether a Security is a transaction subject to withholding under section 871(m) 
generally is binding on holders. The IRS may successfully argue that a Security is subject to withholding under 
section 871(m), notwithstanding the Issuer’s determination to the contrary. These regulations are extremely complex. 
Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them of these 
regulations and whether payments or deemed payments on the Securities constitute dividend equivalent payments. 
Foreign Investment in U.S. Real Property 
In the case of Securities that are linked to one or more assets characterised as “U.S. real property interests” as defined 
in section 897(c) of the Code (a “USRPI”), non-U.S. holders of Securities may be subject to U.S. federal income 
tax on a disposition of such Securities. A USRPI may consist of a direct interest in U.S. real property or, subject to 
certain limited exceptions, an interest in a United States real property holding corporation (a “USRPHC”). An 
interest in a USRPHC that does not exceed generally 5 per cent. of the corporation’s regularly traded stock is not a 
USRPI. 
Thus, a non-U.S. holder who owns, directly, indirectly or constructively, shares of any of the underlying that are 
considered to be a USRPI, or other interests having a return based on the appreciation in the value of, or in the gross 
or net proceeds or profits generated by, such underlying, may be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the sale or 
exchange of the Securities if such non-U.S. holder owns more than generally 5 per cent. of the shares of such 
underlying when considering the shares or interests of such underlying that are directly, indirectly or constructively 
owned by such non-U.S. holder. Ownership of the Securities may also impact the taxation of such other shares or 
interests. 
We do not intend to determine whether the issuer of shares in any underlying is a USRPHC. It is possible that the 
issuer of shares in an underlying is a USRPHC, and that the Securities constitute an ownership interest in or an 
option on a USRPI, with the consequences described above. It is also possible that the issuer of shares in such 
underlying is not a USRPHC.  
Each non-U.S. holder, in connection with acquiring the Securities, is deemed to represent that the holder does not 
own, and will not own, more than 5 per cent. of the shares of each of the underlying that is considered to be a 
USRPHC, either directly, indirectly or constructively. We and any withholding agent will rely on the accuracy of 
this representation. For purposes of this discussion, any interest other than solely as a creditor within the meaning 
of the U.S. Treasury regulation section 1.897-1(d) shall be treated as ownership of shares of the underlying. Even if 
the Issuer does not withhold, there can be no assurances that an intermediary withholding agent will not withhold in

--- Page 278 ---
Taxation 
 
278 
respect of a Security. Further, holders may have U.S. income tax liability that exceeds amounts withheld, if any. The 
Issuer will not make any additional payments for any amounts withheld or tax liability arising under section 897 of 
the Code.  
Holders should consult their own tax advisers on the impact of other shares or interests in the underlying, the impact 
of ownership of the Securities on such other shares or interests, and the consequences of making the representation 
in the preceding paragraph. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
A holder of the Securities may be subject to backup withholding with respect to certain amounts paid to such holder 
unless the holder provides a correct taxpayer identification number, complies with certain certification procedures 
establishing that the holder is not a U.S. person or establishes proof of another applicable exemption, and otherwise 
complies with applicable requirements of the backup withholding rules. Backup withholding is not an additional 
tax. A holder can claim a credit against the holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability for amounts withheld under the 
backup withholding rules, and amounts in excess of the holder’s liability are refundable if such holder provides the 
required information to the IRS in a timely fashion. If such withholding applies, we will not be required to pay any 
additional amounts with respect to amounts withheld. A non-U.S. holder of the Securities may also be subject to 
information reporting to the IRS with respect to certain amounts paid to such holder unless the holder (1) provides 
a properly executed IRS Form W-8 (or other qualifying documentation) or (2) otherwise establishes a basis for 
exemption. 
U.S. Federal Estate Tax Treatment 
A Security may be subject to U.S. federal estate tax if an individual holds the Security at the time of his or her death. 
The gross estate of a non-U.S. holder domiciled outside the United States includes only property situated in the 
United States. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal estate tax consequences of holding 
the Securities at death. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act  
Under certain tax information reporting and withholding provisions generally referred to as “FATCA” (defined 
below), a 30 per cent. withholding tax is imposed on “withholdable payments” and certain “passthru payments” 
made to (i) a “foreign financial institution” (as defined under FATCA) unless the financial institution complies with, 
among other things, certain information reporting and withholding obligations with respect to its accounts in 
accordance with applicable rules implementing FATCA in the financial institution’s jurisdiction or in accordance 
with an agreement entered into between the financial institution and the IRS, and (ii) any other Holder or beneficial 
owner that does not comply with the Issuer’s or an intermediary financial institution’s request for ownership 
certifications and identifying information. 
“FATCA” means sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any current or future regulations or official interpretations 
thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to section 1471(b) of the Code, or any U.S. or non-U.S. fiscal or 
regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in 
connection with the implementation of such sections of the Code. The term “withholdable payments” generally 
includes payments of fixed or determinable annual or periodical gains, profits, and income (“FDAP”), in each case, 
from sources within the United States (including payments on Securities treated as “dividend equivalents” under 
section 871(m) of the Code). “Passthru payments” means any withholdable payment and any “foreign passthru 
payment”, which currently is not defined. We and other intermediary foreign financial institutions may be required 
to report information to the IRS regarding the holders of the Securities and, in the case of holders or beneficial 
owners who (i) fail to provide the relevant information, (ii) are foreign financial institutions who are not in 
compliance with the applicable information reporting requirements, or (iii) hold the Securities directly or indirectly 
through such non-compliant foreign financial institutions, we or another withholding agent may be required to 
withhold tax at a rate of 30 per cent. on payments under the Securities. FATCA also may require withholding agents 
making payments to certain foreign entities that do not disclose the name, address and taxpayer identification number

--- Page 279 ---
Taxation 
 
279 
of any substantial United States owners to withhold tax at a rate of 30 per cent, unless the entities certify that they 
do not have any substantial United States owners.  
Withholding under FATCA may apply without regard to whether the beneficial owner of the payment is a U.S. 
person, or would otherwise be entitled to an exemption from the imposition of withholding tax pursuant to an 
applicable tax treaty with the United States or pursuant to U.S. domestic law. Further, particular requirements and 
limitations may apply to any procedures for refunds or credit with respect to amounts withheld or remitted in respect 
of FATCA. We will not be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts withheld in connection 
with FATCA. 
Subject to the exceptions described below, FATCA’s withholding regime applies currently to withholdable payments 
and with respect to foreign passthru payments and will apply no earlier than the date that is two years after the date 
on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining “foreign passthru payment” are published. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the withholding provisions of FATCA discussed above generally will not apply to an obligation (other 
than an instrument that is treated as equity for U.S. tax purposes or that lacks a stated expiration or term) the 
payments on which are not “withholdable payments” and that is outstanding on the date that is six months after the 
date on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining “foreign passthru payment” are published, unless the 
obligation is materially modified after such date.  
The discussion above reflects proposed U.S. Treasury regulations. The U.S. Treasury have indicated that taxpayers 
may rely on the proposed regulations until final regulations are issued, and the discussion above assumes that the 
proposed regulations will be finalised in their current form. 
No assurance can be given that payments on the Securities will not be subject to withholding under FATCA. Each 
potential investor in Securities should consult its own tax adviser to determine how FATCA may affect an investment 
in the Securities in such investor’s particular circumstance.  
The proposed financial transactions tax (“FTT”) depending on the features of the Securities  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for the FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and 
Slovakia (the “Participating Member States”). In December 2015, Estonia withdrew from the group of 
Participating Member States. 
The Commission’s Proposal has a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Bonds 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Bonds should, 
however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Bonds where at least one party 
is a financial institution (acting on its own behalf or on behalf of a third party, or in the name of a party participant 
in the transaction) established in a Member State (or deemed to be so), and at least one party is established in a 
Participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a Participating 
Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
Participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
Participating Member State.  
The rates of the FTT shall be fixed by each Participating Member State but for transactions involving financial 
instruments other than derivatives they shall amount to at least 0.1% of the taxable amount. The taxable amount for 
such transactions shall in general be determined by reference to the consideration paid or owed in return for the 
transfer or the market price (whichever is higher). The FTT shall be payable by each financial institution established 
(or deemed established) in a Participating Member State which is a party to the financial transaction, which is acting 
in the name of a party to the transaction or where the transaction has been carried out on its account. Where the FTT

--- Page 280 ---
Taxation 
 
280 
due has not been paid within the applicable time limits, each party to the relevant financial transaction, including 
persons other than financial institutions, shall become jointly and severally liable for the payment of the FTT due.  
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States. Therefore, it 
may be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which also remains unclear. Additional EU Member States 
may decide to participate and/or other Participating Member States may decide to withdraw. 
In any event, the European Commission declared that, if there is no agreement between the Participating Member 
States by the end 2022, it will endeavour to propose a new own resource, based on a new FTT, by June 2024 in view 
of its introduction by 1 January 2026. 
Prospective Bondholders are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 281 ---
Certain ERISA Considerations 
281 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
The Issuer and certain affiliates of the Issuer may each be a “party in interest” within the meaning of Title I of the 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”) or a “disqualified person” within the 
meaning of Section 4975 of the Code with respect to certain employee benefit plans and other plans subject to the 
prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (including individual retirement accounts 
and Keogh Plans). Prohibited transactions under such provisions of ERISA or the Code may arise if the Securities 
are acquired by or with the assets of any such employee benefit or other plan, or with the assets of any entity, account 
or arrangement that are treated for purposes of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code as plan assets of such plans (any 
such plans, entities, accounts or arrangements are each referred to as a “Benefit Plan Investor”), with respect to 
which the Issuer or any of its affiliates is a party in interest or disqualified person, unless the Securities are acquired 
and held pursuant to an exemption from such prohibited transaction provisions. Plans not subject to Title I of ERISA, 
including governmental, church, other plans and commingled vehicles the underlying assets of which are deemed to 
include assets of such plans due to local law that is not ERISA (each, an “Other Plan Investor”) are not subject to 
the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, but may be subject to other laws 
substantially similar to the aforementioned prohibited transactions provisions (“Similar Law”). 
The acquisition, holding or disposition of the Securities by any Benefit Plan Investor may be a prohibited transaction 
that is eligible for one of the statutory or class exemptions noted below if the requirements and conditions thereof 
are satisfied, and each fiduciary or other person considering the acquisition or holding of Securities by or on behalf 
of a Benefit Plan Investor should consult with legal counsel regarding the applicability of any of the exemptions 
noted below or other exemption from the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, 
as applicable: 
(a) 
Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (“PTCE”) 91-38 as to a bank collective investment fund; 
(b) 
PTCE 90-1 as to an insurance company pooled separate account; 
(c) 
PTCE 84-14 as to assets managed by a qualified professional asset manager within the meaning of such 
PTCE; 
(d) 
PTCE 95-60 as to an insurance company general account; 
(e) 
PTCE 96-23 as to assets managed by an in-house asset manager within the meaning of such exemption; or 
(f) 
Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA or Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code as to certain transactions involving certain 
parties in interest or disqualified persons that solely provide services to Benefit Plan Investors or are affiliated 
with such service providers and do not have any discretionary authority or control, and do not render 
investment advice, with respect to the assets involved in the transaction, and the Benefit Plan Investor 
receives no less than and pays no more than adequate consideration. 
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, each purchaser, holder or subsequent transferee will be 
deemed, by its purchase or holding of any Security and by each subsequent transferee’s purchase or holding of any 
Security, to have represented and warranted on each day on which it acquires, holds or transfers the Security, either 
that: (A) it is not a Benefit Plan Investor subject to ERISA and/or the Code, or an Other Plan Investor subject to 
Similar Law; or (B) its purchase, holding and subsequent disposition of such Security shall not constitute or result 
in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA, Section 4975 of the Code or any provision of 
Similar Law.  
In addition, any purchaser, holder or subsequent transferee that is a Benefit Plan Investor or that is acquiring any 
Security on behalf of a Benefit Plan Investor, including any fiduciary purchasing on behalf of a Benefit Plan Investor, 
shall be deemed to represent, in its corporate and fiduciary capacity, by its purchase, holding or disposition of such 
Security, that (a) none of the Issuer or any of its affiliates is a “fiduciary” under Section 3(21) of ERISA with respect 
to the acquisition, holding or disposition of such Security, or as a result of any exercise by the Issuer or its affiliates 
of any rights in connection with such Security, (b) any communication from the Issuer or any of its affiliates to the

--- Page 282 ---
Certain ERISA Considerations 
282 
purchaser with respect to such Security is not intended by the Issuer or its affiliates to be investment advice and is 
rendered in its capacity as a seller of such Security and not a fiduciary to such purchaser, and (c) no communication 
provided by the Issuer or any of its affiliates has formed a primary basis for any investment decision by, or on behalf 
of, such purchaser in connection with such Security and the transaction contemplated with respect to such Security. 
Purchasers of the Securities have exclusive responsibility for ensuring that their purchase and holding of the 
Securities does not violate or result in a violation of laws applicable to it, including, in the case of Benefit Plan 
Investors, the fiduciary and prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or, in the case 
of Other Plan Investors, the provisions of any Similar Law. By its purchase or holding of any Security, each holder 
hereby indemnifies the Issuer, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and its officers, directors, advisers and other 
representatives and any of their subsidiaries or affiliates against any direct or indirect liability that arises from any 
breach (whether or not intentional) of the foregoing representations. 
Each Benefit Plan Investor will, by its purchase of such Securities, be deemed to acknowledge that the purchase of 
the Security may not satisfy the indicia of ownership requirements under Section 404(b) of ERISA, and the Issuer 
makes no representations in connection therewith. Accordingly, Benefit Plan Investors should consult with their own 
counsel to determine whether the indicia of ownership requirements of ERISA will be met with respect to the 
purchase or holding of Securities. 
THE SALE OF SECURITIES TO A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR OTHER PLAN INVESTOR IS IN 
NO RESPECT A REPRESENTATION BY THE ISSUER THAT SUCH AN INVESTMENT MEETS ALL 
RELEVANT LEGAL REQUIREMENTS WITH RESPECT TO INVESTMENTS BY BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTORS OR OTHER PLAN INVESTORS GENERALLY OR ANY PARTICULAR BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR OR OTHER PLAN INVESTOR, OR THAT SUCH AN INVESTMENT IS APPROPRIATE FOR 
BENEFIT PLAN INVESTORS OR OTHER PLAN INVESTORS GENERALLY OR ANY PARTICULAR 
BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR OTHER PLAN INVESTOR.

--- Page 283 ---
General Information 
 
283 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the update of the 
Programme and the issue of the Securities on 18 July 2022.  
Approval, Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. Application has also been 
made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on 
the Professional Segment of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market 
for the purposes of MiFID II. There is no assurance that the application to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the 
listing of the Securities will be approved. Admission to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is not 
to be taken as an indication of the merits of the Issuer or of the merits of investing in any Securities.  
If any Securities are (a) listed or admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II or (b) listed 
on a market not regulated for such purpose, the Issuer will not be obliged to maintain the listing of the Securities if 
the Issuer determines, in its sole discretion, that the circumstances, such as a change in listing requirements, render 
it impracticable to do so. Securities may be issued under the Programme which are not listed or admitted to trading, 
as the case may be, on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange or market or Securities may 
be issued which are listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other stock exchange or markets (such 
as Euronext Dublin) as the Issuer may decide. 
This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Documents Available 
Copies of the following documents will, when published, be available for inspection at https://derivative.credit-
suisse.com: 
(i) 
the current constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of CS; 
(ii) 
the Form 20-F dated 10th March 2022;  
(iii) 
the Form 6-K dated 21st March 2022, the Form 6-K dated 27th April 2022, the Second Form 6-K dated 
27th April 2022, the Form 6-K dated 29th April 2022, the Form 6-K dated 5th May 2022, the Form 6-K dated 
8th June 2022, the Form 6-K dated 27th July 2022, the Second Form 6-K dated 27th July 2022 and the Form 
6-K dated 29th July 2022; 
(iv) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Securities and the Securities in 
definitive form; 
(v) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(vi) 
any future base prospectuses, all supplements to this Base Prospectus and all Final Terms (save that a Final 
Terms relating to a Security which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA or in the 
UK nor offered in the EEA or in the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Security and such 
holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Securities 
and identity) and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference; and 
(vii) 
in the case of each issue of Securities admitted to trading on a regulated market subscribed pursuant to a 
subscription agreement, the subscription agreement (or equivalent document).

--- Page 284 ---
General Information 
 
284 
For a period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the documents listed in (i) to (iv) 
and (vii) above will, when published, be available for inspection and the documents listed in (v) and (vi) will, when 
published, be available for collection from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being.  
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Securities which are admitted to trading on 
the Professional Segment of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and each document incorporated 
by reference are available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website at www.bourse.lu. The website of the Issuer 
is www.credit-suisse.com. Any websites included in the Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do 
not form part of the Base Prospectus unless incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
Clearing Systems 
The Securities have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Securities allocated by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Securities are to clear 
through DTC, the CUSIP will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Securities are to clear through an 
additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
Ratings  
CS has an issuer credit rating of “A” from S&P, a long-term issuer default rating of “BBB+” from Fitch and an issuer 
rating of “A2” from Moody’s.  
“A” by S&P: An obligor rated “A” has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more 
susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated 
categories (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
“A-” by Fitch: An “A” rating denotes expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial 
commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or 
economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The modifier “-” indicates relative differences of probability 
of default or recovery for issues (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
“A2” by Moody’s: Obligations rated “A” by Moody’s are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low 
credit risk; the modifier “2” indicates that the obligation ranks in the mid-range of its generic rating category (source: 
www.moodys.com). 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Securities to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer at the time 
of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of CS and its consolidated subsidiaries since 
30th June 2022. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of CS and its consolidated subsidiaries since 30th June 
2022. 
Apart from the potential consequences of the matters disclosed in this Base Prospectus in the sections headed “RISK 
FACTORS—(A) FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER 
THE SECURITIES —1.4 Archegos and SCFF-related risks—Significant negative consequences of the Archegos and 
supply chain finance funds matters” and “—6 Legal, regulatory and reputational risks—6.3 Damage to CS’s 
reputation can significantly harm its businesses, including its competitive position and business prospects” and the

--- Page 285 ---
General Information 
 
285 
section headed “Credit Suisse—Other information—Significant negative consequences of the supply chain finance 
funds and Archegos matters” in the Financial Report 2Q22, there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of CS and its consolidated subsidiaries since 31st December 2021. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus in the section headed “Credit Suisse AG —Legal Proceedings”, neither the 
Issuer nor any of its consolidated subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 
12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on 
the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 
Auditors 
Since 30th April 2020, CS’s independent statutory auditor is PricewaterhouseCoopers AG (“PwC”), Birchstrasse 
160, 8050 Zurich, Switzerland. The consolidated balance sheets of CS and its subsidiaries as of 31st December 2021 
and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash 
flows for the years then ended, including the related notes, as well as the adjustments to reflect the change in the 
composition of reportable segments for the year ended 31st December 2019 as presented and described in Note 4 to 
such consolidated financial statements were audited by PwC in accordance with the standards of the Public Company 
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). The Audited 2021 Parent Financial Statements were audited by PwC 
in accordance with Swiss law and Swiss Auditing Standards.  
Until 30th April 2020, CS’s independent auditor and statutory auditor was KPMG AG (“KPMG”), Badenerstrasse 
172, 8036 Zurich, Switzerland. The consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity 
and cash flows of the Issuer and its subsidiaries for the year ended 31st December 2019, and the related notes, before 
the adjustments to reflect the change in the composition of reportable segments as presented and described in Note 
4, were audited by KPMG AG in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
(United States). 
In 2018, upon the recommendation of the Audit Committee of CSG, the Board of Directors of CSG decided to 
propose PwC to succeed KPMG as the new independent statutory auditor of the Group (including CS) at the annual 
general meetings of CSG and CS in April 2020. The appointment was approved by the shareholders of CSG and CS 
at the annual general meetings of CSG and CS on 30th April 2020 and became effective for the fiscal year ending 
31st December 2020. The shareholders of CSG and CS re-elected PwC as CSG’s and CS’s statutory auditor for the 
fiscal years ending 31st December 2021 and 31st December 2022 at their annual general meetings on 30th April 
2021 and on 29th April 2022, respectively. The lead audit Group engagement partners of PwC are Matthew Falconer, 
Global Lead Partner (since 2020) and Matthew Goldman, Group Audit Partner (since 2020). 
PwC and KPMG are each registered with EXPERTsuisse-Swiss Expert Association for Audit, Tax and Fiduciary. 
PwC and KPMG are each also registered with the Swiss Federal Audit Oversight Authority, which is responsible for 
the licensing and supervision of audit firms and individuals which provide audit services in Switzerland. 
In addition, CS has mandated BDO AG, Fabrikstrasse 50, 8031 Zurich, Switzerland, as special auditor for the 
purposes of issuing the legally required report for capital increases in accordance with article 652f of the Swiss Code 
of Obligations of 30 March 1911 (as amended) (the “Swiss Code of Obligations”). BDO AG is registered with the 
Swiss Federal Audit Oversight Authority, which is responsible for the licensing and supervision of audit firms and 
individuals which provide audit services in Switzerland. 
For further information, refer to “IV—Corporate Governance—Audit—External Audit” in the Annual Report 2021.  
Post-issuance information 
Except to the extent required by applicable law and regulation, the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-
issuance information.

--- Page 286 ---
General Information 
 
286 
Dealers (other than the Issuers) transacting with Credit Suisse AG 
Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited is an indirect subsidiary of CS. Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Limited is a 
direct subsidiary of CS. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC is indirectly held by CS and Credit Suisse Group AG 
Guernsey Branch. Credit Suisse International is an affiliate of CS.

--- Page 287 ---
ISSUER AND DEALER 
Credit Suisse AG, acting through its Nassau Branch 
Paradeplatz 8 
CH-8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
Bahamas Financial Centre 
4th Floor 
Shirley and Charlotte Streets 
Nassau 
ISSUER, DEALER AND CALCULATION AGENT 
Credit Suisse AG, acting through its Singapore Branch 
Paradeplatz 8 
CH-8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
1 Raffles Link 
#03-01 One Raffles Link 
Singapore 039393 
DEALER, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, 
CALCULATION AGENT, REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Limited 
Level 88 
International Commerce Centre 
1 Austin Road West 
Kowloon 
Hong Kong 
DEALER AND CALCULATION AGENT 
Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom 
CALCULATION AGENT 
Credit Suisse International 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom 
DEALERS  
Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC 
11 Madison Avenue 
New York 
NY 10010-3629 
United States of America 
Credit Suisse International  
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom 
LUXEMBOURG PAYING AGENT AND LUXEMBOURG TRANSFER AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d’Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AG  
Birchstrasse 160 
CH 8050 Zurich 
Switzerland 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER

--- Page 288 ---
General Information 
 
288 
Linklaters  
11/F, Alexandra House 
18 Chater Road 
Central 
Hong Kong