--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 
Credito Emiliano S.p.A. 
(incorporated as a joint stock company in the Republic of Italy) 
 
€5,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite)  
 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by 
CREDEM CB S.r.l. 
 
(incorporated as a limited liability company in the Republic of Italy) 
 
Except where specified otherwise, capitalised words and expressions in this base prospectus (the Base 
Prospectus) have the meaning given to them in the section entitled "Glossary". 
Under the €5,000,000,000 covered bond programme (the Programme), Credito Emiliano S.p.A. 
(CREDEM or the Issuer or the Bank) may from time to time issue covered bonds (obbligazioni 
bancarie garantite) (the Covered Bonds) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s), pursuant to law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 (Disposizioni sulla cartolarizzazione 
dei crediti), as amended from time to time (the Law 130), article 129 of the Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements 
for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the 
CRR) and the supervisory instructions relating to covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite) 
under Part III, Chapter 3 of Circular of the Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013 containing the 
"Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche", as further amended and supplemented from time to time 
(the Bank of Italy Regulations).  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under 
the Programme will not exceed €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described herein, unless increased in accordance with the Programme Documents). This Programme 
Limit may be increased in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, guaranteed by the Guarantor and will rank pari passu without preference among themselves 
and (save for any applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all other present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In the event of 
a compulsory winding-up of the Issuer, any funds realised and payable to the Bondholders will be 
collected by the Guarantor on their behalf. 
CREDEM CB S.r.l. (the Guarantor) has guaranteed payments of interest and principal under the 
Covered Bonds pursuant to a guarantee (the Guarantee) which is backed by a pool of assets (the 
Cover Pool) made up, in respect of the Initial Portfolio, of residential mortgage loans and, in respect 
to any Subsequent Portfolio of residential and/or commercial mortgage loans and possibly of other 
Eligible Assets (including Public Assets within the limit of 10% of the Cover Pool, provided that such 
limit may be temporarily exceeded if necessary in order to cure a breach of Tests, Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount, Minimum OC Requirement and/or Exposure Assets Limit), Top-Up Assets and 
Liquid Assets assigned and/or to be assigned to the Guarantor by the Issuer. Recourse against the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee is limited to the Cover Pool. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier 
(the CSSF), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time (the Prospectus Regulation).

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor or the quality of the 
Covered Bonds that are subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in Covered Bonds.  
Application has also been made for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme during the period of 
12 (twelve) months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU. As referred 
to in Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg law on prospectuses for securities of 16 July 2019, by 
approving this Base Prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the 
CSSF does not engage in respect of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or 
the quality and solvency of the issuer. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 
months from its date (being 19 November 2025) in relation to Covered Bonds which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA). The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
An investment in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. See the 
section entitled "Risk Factors" of this Base Prospectus for a discussion of certain risks and other 
factors to be considered in connection with an investment in the Covered Bonds. 
Interest amounts payable under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR or 
such other reference rate, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI, as administrator of EURIBOR) is 
included in the European Securities and Markets Authority’s (ESMA) register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation). 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in dematerialised form, or in registered form (the Registered 
Covered Bonds). Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will be held on behalf of their 
ultimate owners by Monte Titoli S.p.A. (commercial name “Euronext Securities Milan”) whose 
registered office is in Milan, at Piazza degli Affari, No. 6, Italy, (Monte Titoli) for the account of the 
relevant Monte Titoli account holders. Monte Titoli will also act as depository for Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (Clearstream). The Covered 
Bonds issued in dematerialised form will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the 
Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book-entries in accordance with the provisions of Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the Financial 
Laws Consolidated Act) and implementing regulations and with the joint regulation of the 
Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 
2018 and published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana) No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented. No 
physical document of title will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised 
form.  
The Covered Bonds will be subject to mandatory and/or optional redemption in whole or in part in 
certain circumstances (as set out in Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase)). Unless previously 
redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions, the Covered Bonds of each Series will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the relevant Maturity Date (or, as applicable, the 
Extended Maturity Date), subject as provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, payments of interest and other proceeds in respect of the

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
Covered Bonds may be subject to withholding or deduction for or on account of Italian substitute tax, 
in accordance with Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time (the Decree No. 239), and any related regulations. Upon the occurrence of any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of tax from any payments under any Series of Covered 
Bonds, the Issuer shall be required to pay additional amounts in respect of the amounts so deducted or 
withheld, subject to a number of exceptions including deductions on account of Italian substitute tax 
pursuant to Decree No. 239. For further details see the section entitled "Taxation". 
Each Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, if rated, is expected to be assigned, 
unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, a rating as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
by any rating agency which may be appointed from time to time by the Issuer in relation to any 
issuance of Covered Bonds or for the remaining duration of the Programme, to the extent that any 
rating agency at the relevant time provides ratings in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds. 
Whether or not the credit rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be (1) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended, the EU CRA Regulation) or 
by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom (UK) and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the 
European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) (UK CRA Regulation) or by a credit rating 
agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. The 
credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus have been issued by Moody’s Italia S.r.l. 
(Moody’s) and/or by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch and, together with Moody’s and any 
successors thereof, the Rating Agencies and, each of them, a Rating Agency), which is established in 
the European Union and is registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As such Moody’s and Fitch are 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the European Union but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the European Union which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. 
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk, a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation. The Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA) is obliged to maintain on its website, 
https://register.fca.org.uk/s/search?q=fitch&type=Companies, a list of credit rating agencies registered 
and certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning Rating Agency.  
Other than in relation to the documents which are incorporated by reference (see the section 
headed “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised 
or approved by the CSSF. 
 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
BARCLAYS 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 19 November 2024.

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
This Base Prospectus is a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer, and the Guarantor, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirm that this Base 
Prospectus contains all information which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Covered Bonds, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment 
of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the 
Guarantor and of the rights attaching to the Covered Bonds, that the information contained herein is 
true, accurate and not misleading in all material respects, that the opinions and intentions expressed 
in this Base Prospectus are honestly held and that there are no other facts the omission of which 
would make this Base Prospectus or any of such information or the expression of any such opinions 
or intentions misleading in any material respect. The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility 
accordingly. 
The Issuer accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of 
the knowledge of the Issuer, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base 
Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
The Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information included in this Base Prospectus in the 
section headed “The Guarantor” and any other information contained in this Base Prospectus 
relating to itself. To the best of the knowledge of the Guarantor, those parts of this Base Prospectus 
for which the Guarantor is responsible are in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely 
to affect the import of such information. 
Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers have undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the 
Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework and shall not be held responsible for any 
subsequent amendment and/or replacement.  
Neither tha Arranger nor the Dealers have undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the 
Eligible Green Assets and Eligible Social Assets, any verification of whether the Eligible Green Assets 
and Eligible Social Assets meet the criteria set out in the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base 
Prospectus (and, therefore, acting in association with the Issuer) in connection with an offer of 
Covered Bonds are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant Dealer(s). 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement hereto, with all 
documents which are incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference") 
and form part of this Base Prospectus, and, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds, with the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the CSSF. 
Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Series of Covered Bonds is only available on 
the basis of the combination of the Prospectus, any supplements, the relevant Final Terms and the 
documents incorporated by reference. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained in this Base Prospectus or any information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the issue or sale of the Covered Bonds and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
Representative of the Bondholders or any of the Dealers or the Arranger or any of their respective 
affiliates or advisers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of 
Covered Bonds made in connection therewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication 
that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no 
adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the 
date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or  
the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Covered Bonds of any 
information coming to their attention. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Covered Bonds. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any document incorporated herein by reference, any Final 
Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or Final Terms come are 
required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any 
such restrictions. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Covered Bonds and on the 
distribution of the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the 
Covered Bonds, see section entitled “Subscription and Sale” of this Base Prospectus. In particular, 
the Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the Securities Act). Subject to certain exceptions, Covered Bonds may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or to US persons. There are further 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the 
European Economic Area (including the Republic of Italy and the Republic of France), the United 
Kingdom and Japan. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Covered Bonds 
and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Neither this Base Prospectus or supplement thereto, nor any Final Terms (or any part thereof) 
constitutes an offer, nor may they be used for the purpose of an offer to sell any of the Covered Bonds, 
or a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the Covered Bonds, by anyone in any jurisdiction or in any 
circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or is unlawful. Each recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and 
appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor. 
The information contained in this Base Prospectus was obtained from the Issuer and the other sources 
identified herein, but, no assurance can be given by any of the Dealers or the Arranger or any of their 
respective affiliates or advisers as to the accuracy or completeness of such information.  Save for the 
Issuer, no other party has separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus.  
Accordingly, none of the Dealers or the Arranger make any representation, warranty or undertaking, 
express or implied, or accept any responsibility, with respect to the adequacy, accuracy, 
reasonableness or completeness of any of the information contained or  incorporated in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor in 
connection with the Programme or any document or agreement relating to the Covered Bonds or any 
Programme Agreement. Neither the Dealers, the Arranger nor the Representative of the Bondholders 
accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer, the Seller  and the Guarantor in 
connection with the Programme or the adequacy, accuracy, reasonableness or completeness of the 
same. The Dealers and the Arranger do not accept any responsibility for the compliance by any party

--- Page 7 ---
- vii - 
with any provision of any document entered into in connection with the Programme or any Series of 
Covered Bonds.  
None of the Dealers or the Arranger shall be responsible for, any matter which is the subject of, any 
statement, representation, warranty or covenant of the Issuer contained in the Covered Bonds or any 
Programme Documents, or any other agreement or document relating to the Covered Bonds or any 
Programme Document, or for the execution, legality, effectiveness, adequacy, genuineness, validity, 
enforceability or admissibility in evidence thereof.  In making an investment decision, investors must 
rely on their own examination of the terms of this offering, including the merits and risks involved.  
The contents of this Base Prospectus should not be construed as providing legal, business, accounting 
or tax advice.  Each prospective investor should consult its own legal, business, accounting and tax 
advisers prior to making a decision to invest in the Covered Bonds. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or any Covered Bonds (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) 
should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Bondholders, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Covered Bonds should purchase the Covered Bonds. Each potential purchaser of Covered Bonds 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its 
purchase of Covered Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of 
the Dealer, the Representative of the Bondholders or the Arranger undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the arrangements contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in Covered Bonds of any 
information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers, the Representative of the Bondholders or 
the Arranger. 
Third Party Information – Certain information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus 
regarding markets and market share of the Issuer or the Credem Group are either derived from, or 
are based on, internal data or publicly available data from external sources. In addition, the sources 
for the rating information set out in the sections headed “Ratings” of this Base Prospectus are the 
following rating agencies: Moody’s Italia S.r.l. and/or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. In respect of 
information in this Base Prospectus that has been extracted from a third party, the Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Although the Issuer believes that the external 
sources used are reliable, the Issuer has not independently verified the information provided by such 
sources. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers  to 
determine whether and to what extent (i) it can legally invest in Covered Bonds (ii) Covered Bonds 
can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and "repurchase" arrangements and (iii) 
other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds and the legal and regulatory 
framework applicable to Covered Bonds at EU and national level  and the impact of the referred legal 
and regulatory framework on any holding of Covered Bonds. Financial institutions should consult 
their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Covered 
Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light 
of its own circumstances. 
In particular, each potential investor should:

--- Page 8 ---
- viii - 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered 
Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of 
its particular financial situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds and the impact the 
Covered Bonds will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Covered Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in one or more 
currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
potential investor's currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of 
any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks. 
Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do 
not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex 
financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, 
appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in 
Covered Bonds which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or 
with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Covered Bonds will perform under changing conditions, 
the resulting effects on the value of the Covered Bonds and the impact this investment will have on the 
potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or unless the context otherwise requires, all 
references to “£” or “Sterling” are to the currency of the United Kingdom, “Dollars” are to the 
currency of the United States of America, reference to “Japanese Yen” is to the currency of Japan, 
reference to “Swiss Franc” or “CHF” are to the currency of the Swiss Confederation and all 
references to “€”, “euro” and “Euro” are to the lawful currency introduced at the start of the third 
stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of 
the European Union, as amended from time to time. References to “Italy” are to the Republic of Italy; 
references to laws and regulations are, unless otherwise specified, to the laws and regulations of 
Italy; and references to billions are to thousands of millions. 
Figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same item of information may vary, and figures which are totals may not be the 
arithmetical aggregate of their components. 
Furthermore, certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to 
rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables 
may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation 
of the figures which precede them. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be 
ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Each initial and subsequent purchaser of Covered Bonds will be deemed, by its acceptance of the 
purchase of such Covered Bonds, to have made certain acknowledgements, representations and 
agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer thereof as set forth therein and described

--- Page 9 ---
- ix - 
in this Base Prospectus and, in connection therewith, may be required to provide confirmation of its 
compliance with such resale or other transfer restrictions in certain cases. 
The Prospectus, to be read together with the applicable Final Terms of Covered Bonds (a form of 
which is included in this Base Prospectus), applies to the different types of Covered Bonds which may 
be issued under the Programme. The full terms and conditions applicable to each Series of Covered 
Bonds can be reviewed by reading the Conditions as set out in full in this Base Prospectus, which 
constitute the basis of all Covered Bonds to be offered under the Programme, together with the 
applicable Final Terms which apply and/or not apply and/or complete the Conditions in the manner 
required to reflect the particular terms and conditions applicable to the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds. 
In connection with any Series of Covered Bonds, one or more Dealers may act as a stabilising 
manager (the Stabilising Manager). The identity of the Stabilising Manager will be disclosed in the 
relevant Final Terms. References in the next paragraph to "the issue" of any Series of Covered Bonds 
are to each Series of Covered Bonds in relation to which any Stabilising Manager is appointed. 
In connection with the issue of any Series of Covered Bonds, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named 
as the Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail for a limited period. However, there can be no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) 
(or any person acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final 
terms of the offer of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is made and, if begun, may be ended at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws, regulations and rules. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds 
include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
markets in financial instrument, as amended (MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (UE) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; or (iv) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.  
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds 
include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act

--- Page 10 ---
- x - 
2018, as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020 (the EUWA); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 (the 
FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) 
for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds 
will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive No. 2017/593 (the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Covered Bond, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealer nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market - The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds 
will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer 
in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product 
Governance Rules.

--- Page 11 ---
- 1 - 
 
CONTENTS 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................................. 2 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 22 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................... 64 
SUPPLEMENTS, FINAL TERMS AND FURTHER PROSPECTUSES ........................................................... 71 
CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ..................................................................................................... 72 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE BONDHOLDERS…………………………...………………...133 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................ 158 
PRO FORMA REGISTERED COVERED BONDS .......................................................................................... 177 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................... 179 
THE ISSUER ...................................................................................................................................................... 182 
REGULATORY ................................................................................................................................................. 204 
THE GUARANTOR .......................................................................................................................................... 230 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME DOCUMENTS ............................................................................... 234 
CREDIT STRUCTURE ..................................................................................................................................... 252 
CASHFLOWS .................................................................................................................................................... 266 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL .......................................................................................................... 272 
THE ASSET MONITOR .................................................................................................................................... 276 
DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RELEVANT LEGISLATION IN ITALY ....................................................... 277 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................................... 287 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................... 297 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 303 
GLOSSARY ....................................................................................................................................................... 307

--- Page 12 ---
- 2 - 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EC) No. 2019/980. The following overview does not purport to be 
complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus 
and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Series of Covered Bonds, the applicable 
Final Terms. Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same 
meaning in this overview. 
Structure Diagram 
 
 
PARTIES 
 
Issuer 
Credito Emiliano S.p.A., a bank incorporated in Italy as a 
joint stock company, having its registered office at Via 
Emilia S. Pietro 4, Reggio Emilia 42121, Italy, registered 
with the Companies' Register of Reggio Emilia under 
number 01806740153 and with the register of banks held by 
the Bank of Italy under number 5350, authorised to carry out 
 
 
 
 
ASSET 
SWAP PROVIDER 
  (if applicable) 
CB  
Investors
 
 COVERED BOND
SWAP PROVIDERS
 
Asset Monitor 
 
Bank of Italy  
Purchase
Price 
Sale of 
Eligible
Assets 
Subordinated 
Loan
Repayment of 
Subordinated
Loan 
CB Issuance 
CB Proceeds
CB
Guarantee 
Cover Pool 
Reference 
rate (fixed / 
floating) 
EURIBOR + 
 [Margin]
C B
Coupon  
Oversight
  
CREDEM CB S.r.l.
(SPV, Guarantor)  
EURIBOR 
+ [Margin]  
  
CREDEM 
(Issuer, Seller )
Monitoring 
Monitoring

--- Page 13 ---
- 3 - 
 
business in Italy pursuant to the Consolidated Banking Act. 
For a more detailed description of the Issuer, see section "The 
Issuer". 
Guarantor 
CREDEM CB S.r.l., a special purpose entity incorporated 
under incorporated under the laws of Italy pursuant to article 
7-bis of law 130 dated 30 April 1999 (Law 130), as 
applicable until the Implementation Date (which has been 
replaced by article 7-septies of Law 130), having its 
registered office at Via V. Alfieri, 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), 
Italy, fiscal code and enrolment with the companies register 
of Treviso-Belluno number 04326290261, being part of the 
Credem Group, having as its sole purpose the ownership of 
the Cover Pool and the granting of the Guarantee. 
For a more detailed description of the Guarantor, see "The 
Guarantor". 
Seller 
Pursuant to the terms of the Master Assets Purchase 
Agreement, CREDEM will act as Seller. For a more detailed 
description of CREDEM, see section "The Issuer". 
Servicer 
Pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, Credem 
will act as Servicer. 
For a more detailed description of Credem, see section "The 
Issuer". 
Subordinated Loan Provider 
Pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement, Credem will 
act as Subordinated Loan Provider. 
Pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement and the Subordinated Loan Agreement, Credem 
will act as Subordinated Loan Provider in respect of the 
Subordinated Loan Account. 
Investment Manager 
Pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement, Credem has been appointed as Investment 
Manager.  
Calculation Agent 
BNP PARIBAS, Italian Branch, a company incorporated 
under the laws of France licensed to conduct banking 
operations, having its registered office at Boulevard des 
Italiens n. 16, Paris, France, registered with the Chamber of 
Commerce of Paris under number 662 042 449, with a fully 
paid-up share capital of Euro 2,261,621,342, which acts for 
the purposes hereof through the Securities Services Business 
Line of its Italian branch, whose offices are located in Piazza 
Lina Bo Bardi n. 3, Milan, enrolled in the register of the

--- Page 14 ---
- 4 - 
 
banks held by the Bank of Italy under no. 5482, Fiscal code 
and VAT code no. 04449690157, REA n. 731270;, has been 
appointed as Calculation Agent pursuant to the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. The 
main responsibilities of the Calculation Agent consist of, 
inter alia, determining the amounts payable by the Guarantor 
in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments and 
preparing and delivering the Payments Report.  
Principal Paying Agent 
BNP PARIBAS, Italian Branch has been appointed as 
Principal Paying Agent (i) by the Issuer to act as such until 
service of an Issuer Event of Default Notice, and (ii) by the 
Guarantor, pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement, to act as such upon delivery of an 
Issuer Event of Default Notice. 
Any reference to the Principal Paying Agent included in this 
Base Prospectus, shall include, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any reference to additional paying agent and/or the 
Registered Paying Agent appointed by the Issuer in relation 
to a specific Series of Covered Bonds or Registered Covered 
Bonds. 
Test Calculation Agent 
Pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement, Credem has been appointed as Test Calculation 
Agent. 
Account Bank 
Pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement, Credem.  
Cash Reserve Commingling 
Account Bank 
 
Pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement, Credem is acting as Cash Reserve Commingling 
Account Bank. 
Asset Monitor 
A reputable firm of independent accountants and auditors 
will be appointed as Asset Monitor pursuant to a mandate 
granted by the Issuer and the Asset Monitor Agreement. The 
initial Asset Monitor will be BDO Italia S.p.A., a company 
incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy, having 
its registered office at Viale Abruzzi 94, 20131, Milan, Italy, 
fiscal code number  and enrolment with the companies 
register 
of 
Milan-Monza-Brianza-Lodi 
number 
07722780967. BDO Italia S.p.A. is included in the Register 
of Certified Auditors held by the Ministry for Economy and 
Finance – Stage general accounting office, at no. 167911. 
Asset Swap Provider(s) 
Any counterparty to the Guarantor under an Asset Swap 
Agreement.

--- Page 15 ---
- 5 - 
 
Covered Bond Swap Provider(s) 
Any counterparty to the Guarantor under a Covered Bond 
Swap Agreement. 
Listing Agent 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch, a company 
incorporated under the laws of the Republic of France, 
having its registered office at Boulevard des Italiens no. 16, 
Paris, France, operating for the purpose hereof through its 
Luxembourg branch, whose registered offices is at 60 avenue 
J.F. Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg, is the Listing Agent. 
BNP PARIBAS Luxembourg Branch, being part of a 
financial group providing client services with a worldwide 
network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of 
its operational processes to other BNP Paribas Group entities 
and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate accountability 
and responsibility in Luxembourg.  
Guarantor Corporate Servicer 
Pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement, Banca 
Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. has been appointed as 
Guarantor Corporate Servicer 
Guarantor Quotaholders 
CREDEM and SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management 
S.r.l. 
Back-up Servicer 
The entity which may be appointed as such pursuant to the 
terms of the Servicing Agreement and the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
Representative of the Bondholders 
BNP Paribas Italian branch will act as Representative of 
the Bondholders pursuant to the Programme Agreement, the 
Intercreditor Agreement, the Conditions and the Rules of the 
Organisation of the Bondholders. 
Registrar 
Any institution which shall be appointed by the Issuer to act 
as registrar in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds under 
the Programme (the Registrar). 
Registered Paying Agent 
Any institution which shall be appointed by the Issuer to act 
as paying agent in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds 
under the Programme, if any (the Registered Paying Agent). 
Arranger and Dealer 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, a public limited company 
incorporated under the laws of Ireland with registered 
number 396330 and having its registered office at One 
Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, Ireland, D02 RF29. 
THE PROGRAMME

--- Page 16 ---
- 6 - 
 
Programme description 
Under the terms of the Programme, the Issuer will issue 
Covered Bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) on each 
Issue Date.  
Programme Limit 
The aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds at any 
time outstanding will not exceed €5,000,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies to be calculated as described in 
the Programme Agreement). This Programme Limit may be 
increased in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement and, according to Article 18, letter (i), of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979 of 14 
March 2019, the Issuer will publish a supplement to the 
Prospectus.  
THE COVERED BONDS 
 
Form of Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in dematerialised form. 
The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will be 
held on behalf of their ultimate owners by Monte Titoli for 
the account of Monte Titoli account holders. Monte Titoli 
will act as depository for Euroclear and Clearstream. Unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Covered 
Bonds will at all times be in book entry form and title to the 
Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book entries and no 
physical document of title will be issued in respect of the 
Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds may be issued to Bondholders in the 
form of registered covered bonds (such as, for example, 
Namensschuldverschreibungen) each issued with a minimum 
denomination as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Denomination of Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds or the Registered Covered Bonds will be 
issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements and save that the minimum denomination of 
each Covered Bond admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the European Economic Area or offered to the public 
in a member state of the Economic Area in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or where the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds is denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other 
currency).  
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and 
will rank pari passu without preference among themselves

--- Page 17 ---
- 7 - 
 
and (save for any applicable statutory provisions) at least 
equally with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (save for any such 
obligations that may be preferred by mandatory provisions of 
law). 
Issuance in Series 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in series (each a Series), 
but on different terms from each other, subject to the terms 
set out in the relevant Final Terms in respect of such Series. 
Covered Bonds of different Series will not be fungible 
among themselves. Each Series (excluding any Series of 
Registered Covered Bonds, which may be issued only in 
Series) may be issued in tranches (each a Tranche) which 
will be identical in all respects, and fungible among 
themselves, but having different issue dates, interest 
commencement dates, issue prices and/or dates for first 
interest payments. The specific terms of each Tranche will be 
completed in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer will issue 
Covered Bonds without the prior consent of the holders of 
any outstanding Covered Bonds. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term “Series” shall mean 
in the case of Registered Covered Bonds, each Registered 
Covered Bond made out in the name of a specific Registered 
Covered Bondholder. 
Specified Currency 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, 
each Series of Covered Bonds will be issued in such currency 
or currencies as may be agreed from time to time by the 
Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s), the Principal Paying Agent and 
the Representative of the Bondholders (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms) and provided that prior notice is 
given to the Rating Agencies. 
Maturities 
The Covered Bonds will have such Maturity Date and 
Extended Maturity Date, as agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) and indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by any relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency.  
Redemption  
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series of 
Covered Bonds will indicate either that the Covered Bonds of 
such Series of Covered Bonds cannot be redeemed prior to 
their stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons or if it 
becomes unlawful for any Covered Bond to remain 
outstanding or following a Guarantor Event of Default) or 
that such Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option of 
the Issuer (or the Bondholders, as the case may be, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on a date or dates

--- Page 18 ---
- 8 - 
 
specified prior to the specified Maturity Date and at a price 
and on other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the Dealer(s) as set out in the applicable Final Terms and in 
accordance with Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase).  
For further details, see Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase). 
 
Extended Maturity Date  
 
Any Final Terms relating to each Series of Covered Bonds 
issued will provide that the Guarantor's obligations under the 
Guarantee to pay Guaranteed Amounts equal to the Final 
Redemption Amount of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds 
on their Maturity Date will be deferred until the Extended 
Maturity Date. Such deferral will occur automatically if the 
Issuer fails to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the 
Maturity Date for such Series of Covered Bonds and if the 
Guarantor has insufficient moneys to pay such Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds (for example, because the Guarantor has 
insufficient funds) by the Extension Determination Date. 
Payment of all unpaid amounts shall be deferred 
automatically until the applicable Extended Maturity Date, 
provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption 
Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date shall 
be paid or provisioned, in accordance with the applicable 
Priority of Payments and subject to Guarantor Available 
Funds, by the Guarantor on any Guarantor Payment Date 
thereafter according to the relevant Final Terms, up to (and 
including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date. 
Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on the unpaid 
amount up to the Extended Maturity Date, subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms. 
If the duration of the Covered Bond is extended, the 
Extended Maturity Date shall be the date falling 1 (one) 
calendar year after the relevant Maturity Date or any 
following date indicated as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
For further details, see Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase). 
Issue Price 
Covered Bonds may be issued at par or at a premium or 
discount to par on a fully-paid. 
The relevant Issue Price will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 19 ---
- 9 - 
 
Interest  
Covered Bonds may be interest-bearing or non-interest 
bearing. Interest (if any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a 
floating rate and the method of calculating interest may vary 
between the Issue Date and the Maturity Date (or the 
Extended Maturity Date as the case may be) of the relevant 
Series. Covered Bonds may also have a maximum rate of 
interest, a minimum rate of interest or both (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms). Interest on Covered Bonds in 
respect of each Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), will be payable on such 
Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of 
such Day Count Fraction, in each case as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds  
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a fixed rate, 
which will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds  
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate 
determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant 
Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions; or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation 
service; or 
 
(c) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s),  
 
in each case, as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each 
issue of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Bullet Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds which will be redeemed in full on the 
relevant Maturity Date without any provision for scheduled 
redemption other than on the Maturity Date and in relation to

--- Page 20 ---
- 10 - 
 
which an Extended Maturity Date shall apply. 
Taxation  
All payments in relation to Covered Bonds will be made 
without tax deduction except where required by law. If any 
Tax Deduction is made, the Issuer shall be required to pay 
additional amounts in respect of the amounts so deducted or 
withheld, subject to a number of exceptions including 
deductions on account of Italian substitute tax pursuant to 
Decree No .239. 
 
Under the Guarantee, the Guarantor will not be liable to pay 
any such additional amounts. 
For further details, see Condition 9 (Taxation). 
Issuer Cross Default  
Each Series of Covered Bonds will cross-accelerate as 
against each other but will not otherwise contain a cross 
default provision. Accordingly, neither an event of default in 
respect of any other indebtedness of the Issuer (including 
other debt securities of the Issuer) nor acceleration of such 
indebtedness will itself give rise to an Issuer Event of 
Default. In addition, an Issuer Event of Default will not 
automatically give rise to a Guarantor Event of Default, 
provided however that, where a Guarantor Event of Default 
occurs and the Representative of the Bondholders serves a 
Guarantor Event of Default Notice upon the Guarantor, such 
Guarantor Event of Default Notice will accelerate each Series 
of outstanding Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
Notice to the Rating Agencies 
The issue of any Series of Covered Bonds (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Bullet Covered Bonds) in each case as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms shall be subject to 
prior notice to the Rating Agencies. 
Listing and admission to trading  
Application has been made for Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) 
during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
Covered Bonds may also be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by such other or further competent 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may 
be agreed with the Issuer or they may not be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Covered Bonds are to be listed and, if so, on which

--- Page 21 ---
- 11 - 
 
stock exchange. 
Governing Law 
The Covered Bonds and the related Programme Documents 
will be governed by Italian law, except for the Swap 
Agreements and certain of the security related thereto, which 
will be governed by English law and except for certain 
Registered Covered Bonds, which may be governed by any 
other applicable law, as may be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Ratings 
Each Series of Covered Bonds may or may not be assigned a 
rating by one or more Rating Agencies, as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Whether or not the credit rating applied for in relation to 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be (1) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended, the EU 
CRA Regulation) or by a credit rating agency which is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United 
Kingdom (UK) and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the 
European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) (UK 
CRA Regulation) or by a credit rating agency which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in 
the Final Terms 
The credit ratings included or referred to in this Base 
Prospectus have been issued by Moody’s Italia S.r.l. 
(Moody’s) and/or by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch 
and, together with Moody’s, the Rating Agencies and, each 
of them, a Rating Agency), which is established in the 
European Union and is registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation. As such Moody’s and Fitch are included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.In 
general, European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless 
(1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the European Union but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
European Union which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted

--- Page 22 ---
- 12 - 
 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or 
(2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation.A credit rating, if provided, is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any 
time by the relevant Rating Agency. 
SEGREGATION EVENTS, ISSUER EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND GUARANTOR EVENTS 
OF DEFAULT 
Breach of Tests 
If the Test Calculation Agent notifies the breach of any 
Mandatory Test pursuant to the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement, the Guarantor will, within the Test Grace Period, 
as the case may be: (i) purchase Subsequent Portfolios from 
the Issuer pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase 
Agreement, and/or (ii) purchase or invest in Top-Up Assets, 
Liquid Assets or other Eligible Assets in accordance with the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement, in each case in an 
amount sufficient to ensure that as of the Test Calculation 
Date falling at the end of the Test Grace Period, all Tests are 
satisfied with respect to the Cover Pool. 
Segregation Event 
A Segregation Event will occur upon the notification by the 
Test Calculation Agent to the Guarantor and the 
Representative of the Bondholders that a breach of the 
Mandatory Tests has not been remedied within the applicable 
Test Grace Period. 
Upon the occurrence of a Segregation Event, the 
Representative of the Bondholders will promptly, and in any 
case within 5 calendar days, serve notice (the Breach of Test 
Notice) on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Asset 
Monitor, the Calculation Agent, and the Rating Agencies that 
a Segregation Event has occurred. 
Effect of a Segregation Event 
Upon the delivery of a Breach of Test Notice and until a 
Breach of Test Cure Notice will be delivered: 
(a) 
No further Series of Covered Bonds: the Issuer may 
not issue any further Series of Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
No payments under the Subordinated Loan: there 
shall be no further payments to the Subordinated 
Loan Provider under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement;

--- Page 23 ---
- 13 - 
 
(c) 
Purchase price for any Eligible Assets, Top-Up 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets: the purchase price for 
any Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets to be acquired by the Guarantor shall be paid 
only by using the proceeds of the Subordinated Loan, 
except where the breach referred to in the Breach of 
Test Notice may be cured by using the Guarantor 
Available Funds; 
(d) 
Payments due under the Covered Bonds: payments 
due under the Covered Bonds will continue to be 
made by the Issuer until an Issuer Event of Default 
Notice has been delivered; and 
(e) 
No renegotiations: the Servicer shall no longer be 
entitled to perform any renegotiation of the Mortgage 
Loans included in the Cover Pool as set out in the 
Servicing Agreement. 
If the relevant Test(s) is/are met within the Test Remedy 
Period, the Representative of the Bondholders will promptly 
and in any case within 5 calendar days deliver to the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Asset Monitor and the Rating Agencies a 
notice informing such parties that the Breach of Test Notice 
then outstanding has been revoked (the Breach of Test Cure 
Notice) and the relevant Segregation Event has been cured. 
Issuer Events of Default 
 
An Issuer Event of Default will occur if: 
(i) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of 
interest and/or principal due and payable on any 
Series of Covered Bonds at their relevant Interest 
Payment Date (including the relevant Maturity Date) 
and such breach is not remedied within the next 15 
Business Days, in case of amounts of interest, or 20 
Business Days, in case of amounts of principal, as 
the case may be; or 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligations: a breach by the Issuer 
of any of its material obligations under the 
Programme Documents (other than those referred to 
in item (i) and (vi)) occurs and such breach is not 
remedied within 30 days (or such longer period as 
the Representative of the Bondholders may permit) 
after the Representative of the Bondholders has 
given written notice thereof to the Issuer, indicating 
the occurred breach and specifying that an Issuer 
Event of Default will occur in case such breach is not 
remedied within the applicable remedy period set out 
above; or 
(iii) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event (other than, for the 
avoidance of doubt, resolution (risoluzione) and, to 
the 
extent 
applicable, 
“misure 
di 
intervento

--- Page 24 ---
- 14 - 
 
precoce”) occurs with respect to the Issuer; or 
(iv) 
Article 74 resolution: a resolution pursuant to article 
74 of the Consolidated Banking Act is issued in 
respect of the Issuer; or 
(v) 
Breach of Tests: following the delivery of a Breach 
of Test Notice, the Mandatory Tests are not met on, 
or prior to, the expiry of the Test Remedy Period 
unless a resolution of the Bondholders is passed 
resolving to extend the Test Remedy Period; or 
(vi) 
Cessation of business: the Issuer ceases to carry on 
its primary business. 
If any of the events set out in points (i) to (vi) above (each, 
an Issuer Event of Default) occurs and is continuing, then 
the Representative of the Bondholders shall or, in the case of 
the event under item (ii) above shall, if so directed by a 
Programme Resolution, serve an Issuer Event of Default 
Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor demanding payment 
under the Guarantee, and specifying, in case of the Issuer 
Event of Default referred to under item (iv) above, that the 
Issuer Event of Default may be temporary. 
Effect of an Issuer Event of Default 
Notice  
Upon service of an Issuer Event of Default Notice upon the 
Issuer and the Guarantor: 
(i) 
No further Series of Covered Bonds: the Issuer may 
not issue any further Series of Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
No payments under the Subordinated Loan: there 
shall be no further payments to the Subordinated 
Loan Provider under the Subordinated Loan, unless 
the Required Redemption Amount has been 
accumulated in respect of each outstanding Series of 
Covered Bonds, in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments; 
(iii) 
No Purchase of any Eligible Assets and/or Top-Up 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets: if the Issuer Event of 
Default is a consequence of an Insolvency Event in 
respect of the Issuer, no further Portfolios shall be 
acquired by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master 
Assets Purchase Agreement;  
(iv) 
Guarantee: interest and principal falling due on the 
Covered Bonds will be payable by the Guarantor at 
the time and in the manner provided under the 
Conditions, subject to and in accordance with the 
terms of the Guarantee and the Post-Issuer Default 
Priority of Payment; 
(v) 
Disposal of Assets: the Guarantor shall sell the

--- Page 25 ---
- 15 - 
 
Eligible Assets, and/or the Top-Up Assets and/or the 
Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool in 
accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement, if necessary in order to 
effect payments under the Covered Bonds, 
provided that, in case of the Issuer Event of Default 
determined by a resolution issued in respect of the Issuer 
pursuant to article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act 
(referred to under item (iv) (Article 74 resolution) above) 
(the Article 74 Event), the effects listed in items (i) (No 
further Series of Covered Bonds), (ii) (No payments under 
the Subordinated Loan), (iii) (No Purchase price of any 
Eligible Assets and/or Top-Up Assets and/or Liquid Assets) 
and (iv) (Guarantee) above will only apply for as long as the 
suspension of payments pursuant to Article 74 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act will be in force and effect (the 
Suspension Period) and the effect listed in item (v) 
(Disposal of Assets) will apply only if the suspension of 
payments pursuant Article 74 Event is in force during the 
period commencing on an Extension Determination Date 
where the payments of the unpaid amounts due by the 
Guarantor in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds have been 
deferred to the relevant Extension Maturity Date (being 
understood that it will only apply for as long as the 
suspension of payments pursuant to Article 74 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act will be in force and effect). 
Accordingly (A) the Guarantor, in accordance with Law 130, 
shall be responsible for the payments of the amounts due and 
payable under the Covered Bonds during the Suspension 
Period and (B) at the end of the Suspension Period, the Issuer 
shall be again responsible for meeting the payment 
obligations under the Covered Bonds within the immediately 
succeeding Interest Payment Date (and, for the avoidance of 
doubts, the Covered Bonds then outstanding will not be 
deemed to be accelerated against the Issuer). 
Guarantor Events of Default 
If, following delivery of an Issuer Event of Default Notice, 
any of the following events (each a Guarantor Event of 
Default) occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
Non payment: the Guarantor fails to pay any interest 
and/or principal due and payable under the 
Guarantee and such breach is not remedied within 
the next following 15 Business Days, in case of 
amounts of interests, or 20 Business Days, in case of 
amounts of principal, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs with respect 
to the Guarantor; or 
(iii) 
Breach of other obligation: a breach of any 
obligation under the Programme Documents by the 
Guarantor occurs (other than payment obligations

--- Page 26 ---
- 16 - 
 
referred to in item (i) (Non-payment) above) which is 
not remedied within 30 days (or such longer period 
as the Representative of the Bondholders may 
permit) after the Representative of the Bondholders 
has given written notice thereof to the Guarantor 
indicating the occurred breach and specifying that a 
Guarantor Event of Default will occur in case such 
breach is not remedied within the applicable remedy 
period set out above; or 
(iv) 
Breach of the Amortisation Test: provided that an 
Issuer 
Event 
of 
Default 
has 
occurred, 
the 
Amortisation Test is breached, 
then the Representative of the Bondholders shall or, in the 
case of the Guarantor Event of Default under item (iii) 
(Breach of other obligation) shall, if so directed by a 
resolution of the Bondholders, serve a Guarantor Event of 
Default Notice on the Guarantor. 
Effect of a Guarantor Event of 
Default Notice 
Upon service of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice upon 
the Guarantor: 
(i) 
Acceleration of Covered Bonds: the Covered Bonds 
shall become immediately due and payable at their 
Early Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, 
with any accrued interest and will rank pari passu 
among themselves in accordance with the Post-
enforcement Priority of Payments; 
(ii) 
Guarantee: subject to and in accordance with the 
terms of the Guarantee, the Representative of the 
Bondholders, on behalf of the Bondholders, shall 
have a claim against the Guarantor for an amount 
equal to the Early Redemption Amount, together 
with accrued interest and any other amount due 
under the Covered Bonds (other than additional 
amounts payable as gross up) in accordance with the 
Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments; 
(iii) 
Disposal of Assets: the Guarantor shall sell all Assets 
and Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool in 
accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement; and 
(iv) 
Enforcement: the Representative of the Bondholders 
may, at its discretion and without further notice, take 
such steps and/or institute such proceedings against 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) as it 
may think fit to enforce such payments, but it shall 
not be bound to take any such proceedings or steps 
unless requested or authorised by a Programme 
Resolution of the Bondholders.

--- Page 27 ---
- 17 - 
 
THE TESTS 
For an overview of the Tests, see paragraphs "Mandatory 
Test" and "Amortisation Test" of section "Credit Structure " 
below. 
 
For a detailed description of the Tests, see paragraph "Tests" 
of section "Credit Structure" below.  
THE LIQUIDITY BUFFER 
TARGET AMOUNT 
For a description of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, see 
paragraph " The Liquidity Buffer Target Amount" of section 
"Credit Structure " below. 
EXPOSURE ASSETS LIMIT 
For a description of the Exposure Assets Limit, see paragraph 
"Exposure Assets Limit" of section "Credit Structure " below. 
MINIMUM OC REQUIREMENT 
For a description of the Minimum OC Requirement, see 
paragraph "Minimum OC Requirement " of section "Credit 
Structure " below. 
THE GUARANTOR AND THE GUARANTEE 
Guarantee 
Payments of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered 
Bonds when due for payment will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. The obligations of 
the Guarantor to make payments in respect of such 
Guaranteed Amounts when due for payment are subject to 
the conditions that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred, 
and an Issuer Event of Default Notice has been served on the 
Issuer and on the Guarantor. 
The obligations of the Guarantor will accelerate once a 
Guarantor Event of Default Notice has been delivered to the 
Guarantor (with a copy to the Issuer). The obligations of the 
Guarantor 
under 
the 
Guarantee 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Guarantor collateralised by the Cover Pool and recourse 
against the Guarantor is limited to the Guarantor Available 
Funds. 
 
For further details, see "Description of the Programme 
Documents - Guarantee". 
Cover Pool 
The Guarantee will be collateralised by the Cover Pool 
constituted by (i) the Mortgage Receivables and related 
collateral assigned to the Guarantor by the Seller in 
accordance with the terms of the Master Assets Purchase 
Agreement and Top-Up Assets and Liquid Assets held by the 
Guarantor with respect to the Covered Bonds and the

--- Page 28 ---
- 18 - 
 
proceeds thereof which will, inter alia, comprise the funds 
generated by Mortgage Receivables, Top-Up Assets and 
Liquid Assets including, without limitation, funds generated 
by the sale of assets from the Cover Pool and funds collected 
from the Issuer after the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default and the enforcement of the Guarantee. 
For further details, see section entitled "Description of the 
Cover Pool". 
Limit to the transfer of Public 
Assets 
The maximum aggregate amount of Public Assets which may 
from time to time be assigned to the Guarantor and included 
in the Cover Pool shall be no higher than 10% of the Cover 
Pool, provided that such limit may be exceeded if necessary 
in order to cure a breach of Tests, Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount, Minimum OC Rerquirement and Exposure Assets 
Limit. 
Limited recourse 
The obligations of the Guarantor to the Bondholders and, in 
general, to the Seller and Other Guarantor Creditors will be 
limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor. The 
Bondholders, the Seller and such Other Guarantor Creditors 
will have a claim against the Guarantor only to the extent of 
the Guarantor Available Funds subject to the relevant 
Priorities of Payments, in each case subject to, and as 
provided for in, the Guarantee and the other Programme 
Documents. 
Segregation of Guarantor's rights 
and collateral 
The Covered Bonds benefit from the provisions of Article 7-
bis of Law 130, as applicable until the Implementation Date, 
or, following the Implementation Date, Title I-bis of Law 
130, pursuant to which the Cover Pool is segregated by 
operation of law from the Guarantor's other assets. 
In accordance with Article 7-bis of Law 130, as applicable 
until 
the 
Implementation 
Date, 
or, 
following 
the 
Implementation Date, Title I-bis of Law 130, prior to and 
following a winding up of the Guarantor and an Issuer Event 
of Default or Guarantor Event of Default causing the 
Guarantee to be called, proceeds of the Cover Pool paid to 
the Guarantor will be exclusively available for the purpose of 
satisfying the obligations owed to the Bondholders, to the 
Swap Providers under the Swap Agreements and in 
satisfaction of any other costs related to the Programme. 
The Cover Pool may not be seized or attached in any form by 
creditors of the Guarantor other than the entities referred to 
above, until full discharge by the Guarantor of its payment 
obligations under the Guarantee or cancellation thereof. 
Cross collateralisation 
All Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and Liquid Assets

--- Page 29 ---
- 19 - 
 
transferred from the Seller to the Guarantor from time to time 
and the proceeds thereof form the collateral supporting the 
Guarantee in respect of all Series of Covered Bonds. 
Claim under the Guarantee 
The Representative of the Bondholders, for and on behalf of 
the Bondholders, may submit a claim to the Guarantor and 
make a demand under the Guarantee in case of an Issuer 
Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default. 
Excess Assets and support for 
further issues 
Any Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and Liquid Assets 
forming part of the Cover Pool which are in excess of the 
value of the Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and Liquid 
Assets required to satisfy the Tests may be (i) re-purchased 
by the Seller in accordance with the provisions of the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement and the Master Assets 
Purchase Agreement or (ii) retained in the Cover Pool, also 
to be applied to support the issue of new Series of Covered 
Bonds or ensure compliance with the Tests, provided that in 
each case any such disposal or retention shall occur in 
accordance with any relevant law, regulation or interpretation 
of any authority (including, for the avoidance of doubts, the 
Bank of Italy or the Minister of Economy and Finance) 
which may be enacted with respect to the Covered Bond 
Regulation and no disposal under item (i) above may occur if 
it would cause the Tests to be breached.  
For further details, see section entitled "Description of the 
Programme Documents - The Cover Pool Management 
Agreement". 
Guarantor default 
Where a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the 
Representative of the Bondholders will serve upon the 
Guarantor a Guarantor Event of Default Notice, thereby 
accelerating the Guarantee in respect of each Series of 
outstanding Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
However, an Issuer Event of Default will not automatically 
give rise to a Guarantor Event of Default. 
For further details, see Condition 10.3 (Guarantor Events of 
Default). 
Disposal of assets included in the 
Cover Pool following the delivery 
of an Issuer Event of Default Notice 
(but prior to the service of a 
Guarantor Event of Default Notice) 
Following the service of an Issuer Event of Default Notice 
(other than in respect of an Issuer Event of Default consisting 
of an Article 74 Event whose suspension of payments is in 
force prior to an Extension Determination Date where the 
payments of the unpaid amounts due by the Guarantor in 
respect of a Series of Covered Bonds have been postponed to 
the relevant Extension Maturity Date) on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, but prior to service of a Guarantor Event of 
Default Notice, the Guarantor (or the Servicer on behalf of 
the Guarantor) shall, if necessary in order to effect timely

--- Page 30 ---
- 20 - 
 
payments under the Covered Bonds, sell Eligible Assets, 
Top-Up Assets and Liquid Assets comprised in the Cover 
Pool in accordance with the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement (including for the purpose of meeting the 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount), subject to the right of pre-
emption in favour of the Issuer in respect of such Eligible 
Assets, Top-Up Assets and Liquid Assets. Such pre-emption 
right of the Issuer is not applicable is case of Issuer Event of 
Default consisting in an Insolvency Event of the Issuer. 
The Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and Liquid Assets to be 
sold will be selected from the Cover Pool on a random basis 
by the Servicer on behalf of the Guarantor (any such Eligible 
Assets, Top-Up Assets and Liquid Assets, the Selected 
Assets). 
The proceeds from any such sale will be credited to the 
Collection Accounts and applied as set out in the applicable 
Priority of Payments. 
Disposal of the Assets included in 
the Cover Pool following the 
delivery of a Guarantor Event of 
Default Notice 
Following the service of a Guarantor Event of Default 
Notice, the Guarantor shall immediately sell all Eligible 
Assets, Top-Up Assets and Liquid Assets included in the 
Cover Pool upon the terms of the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement, subject to the right of pre-emption in favour of 
the Issuer in respect of such Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets 
and Liquid Assets. Such pre-emption right of the Issuer is not 
applicable is case an Issuer Event of Default has occurred.  
Actions of the Representative of the 
Bondholders 
Each Bondholder, by purchasing any Covered Bond, shall be 
deemed to agree, and each of the Other Guarantor Creditors 
will acknowledge pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, 
that the Representative of the Bondholders shall not be bound 
to make any claim on the Guarantor or make a demand under 
the Guarantee in the case of an Issuer Event of Default or 
Guarantor Event of Default or enforce the Guarantee if so 
instructed by the Bondholders or exercise any rights granted 
under the mandate conferred on it under the Mandate 
Agreement or the Intercreditor Agreement or exercise any 
other discretion or power unless, in each case, it has been 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all 
actions, proceedings, claims and demands to which it may 
thereby render itself liable and all costs, charges, damages 
and expenses which it may incur by so doing. 
 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall not be liable in 
respect of any loss, liability, claim, expense or damage 
suffered or incurred by any Bondholder or by any Other 
Guarantor Creditor as a result of the performance of its duties 
save where such loss, liability, claim, expense or damage is 
suffered or incurred as a result of gross negligence (colpa 
grave), wilful default (dolo) or fraud (frode) of the

--- Page 31 ---
- 21 - 
 
Representative of the Bondholders. 
SALE AND DISTRIBUTION 
 
Distribution 
Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private or 
public placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis, subject to the restrictions to be set forth in 
the Programme Agreement.  
For further details, see section “Subscription and Sale” 
below. 
Purchase of Covered Bonds by the 
Issuer 
The Issuer may at any time purchase any Covered Bonds in 
the open market or otherwise and at any price.

--- Page 32 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
This section describes the principal risk factors associated with an investment in the Covered Bonds 
and includes disclosure of all material risks in respect of the Covered Bonds. Prospective purchasers 
of Covered Bonds should consider carefully all the information contained in this document, including 
any document incorporated by reference and the considerations set out below, before making any 
investment decision. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and neither 
the Issuer nor the Guarantor are in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such 
contingency occurring. In addition, factors which the Issuer and the Guarantor believe may be 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme are also described below. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the 
factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to pay interest, principal 
or other amounts on or in connection with any Covered Bonds may occur for other reasons which 
may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer and the Guarantor based on the information 
available to them as at the date of this Base Prospectus or which they may not be able to anticipate as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE ISSUER  
Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds are invited to carefully read this chapter on the risk factors 
before making any investment decision, in order to understand the risks related to the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and obtain a better appreciation of the Issuer's abilities to satisfy the obligations related to 
the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer and described in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and the 
Guarantor deem that the following risk factors could affect the ability of the same to satisfy its 
obligations arising from the Covered Bond. 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
• 
Risks relating to the financial situation of Credem Group 
• 
Risks relating to the business sector of Credem Group; 
• 
Risks relating to the legal and regulatory framework; and 
• 
Risks relating to the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the 
applied accounting principles. 
Risks relating to the financial situation of the Credem Group 
Risks relating to corporate transactions  
The Credem Group companies have engaged and may still engage in significant corporate 
transactions such as mergers, de-mergers, acquisitions and joint ventures, the success of which cannot 
be predicted. Moreover, no assurance can be given that such transactions will not negatively impact 
Credem’s results and financial position in the short and/or the medium term or that the Credem Group 
companies may not face, in the context of such corporate transactions, any administrative, legal, 
technical, industrial, operational, regulatory, financial policy obstacles or other difficulties, such that 
they may not achieve the results, objectives or benefits expected. In addition, any delay in completing, 
or the failure to complete, an acquisition, disposal, merger, joint venture or similar operation, could 
prejudice the full achievement or delay fully achieving, the results and the benefits expected for the 
Credem Group, and could have significant negative repercussions on the business prospects, results 
and/or financial situation of Credem Group. Finally, given that the performance of the Credem Group 
depends to a large extent on the business success of Credem, if any disposal of Credem’s investments

--- Page 33 ---
- 23 - 
 
is made on terms and conditions which are unsatisfactory, the consequent negative impacts on its 
financial position and prospects could also affect the Credem Group’s business activities and results. 
Risks related to the ratings assigned to Credem 
The ratings assigned to Credem by the main international rating agencies are an indication of the 
credit ratings of Credem itself and the outlook represents the parameter which indicates the expected 
trend in the near future, of the ratings assigned to Credem. However, such indications may not 
properly reflect developments in the solvency position of Credem and the Credem Group. In addition, 
ratings assigned to Credem may be influenced by developments in the rating assigned to Italy’s 
sovereign debt and the Italian macroeconomic conditions. Any deterioration in the Italian sovereign 
debt rating or in the Italian macroeconomic condition may lead to a downgrade of Credem’s ratings, 
which could in turn cause adverse effects on the business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations of Credem and/or of the Credem Group. 
Any reduction of the rating levels assigned to Credem could have a negative effect on the 
opportunities for Credem and for the Credem Group to access the various liquidity instruments and 
could lead to an increase in funding costs or require the granting of additional guarantees for the 
purpose of accessing liquidity. This may cause adverse effects on the business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations of Credem and/or of the Credem Group. 
Risks relating to the business sector of the Credem Group 
Risks related to the impact of global macro-economic factors 
Credem’s earnings and business are affected by general macro-economic conditions, the performance 
of financial markets and of market participants, interest rate levels, currency exchange rates, changes 
in laws and regulations, changes in the policies of central banks, particularly the Bank of Italy and the 
ECB, and competitive factors, at a regional, national and international level. Each of these factors may 
alter the level of demand for Credem’s products and services, the credit quality of its customers, 
debtors and counterparties, the interest rate margin between lending and borrowing costs and the 
value of its investment and trading portfolios and may affect the Credem Group’s balance sheet and 
economic results. 
The current macroeconomic situation is characterized by high levels of uncertainty, due in part to: (i) 
geopolitical tensions; (ii) environmental changes; (iii) the U.S.-driven trend toward protectionism; (iv) 
the rapid growth of credit in the Chinese economy and the risk of a downward pressure on Chinese 
property investment causing an outright contraction in housing sales and investment; (v) future 
developments in the ECB and U.S. Federal Reserve monetary policies and the policies implemented 
by various countries, including those aimed at promoting competitive devaluations of their currencies, 
and related impacts on inflation; (vi) constant change in the global and European banking sector, 
which has led to a progressive reduction in the spread between lending and borrowing rates; and (vii) 
the sustainability of the sovereign debt of certain countries, including Italy, and the related, repeated 
shocks to the financial markets. European political uncertainties also remain a source of potential 
setback for the recovery.

--- Page 34 ---
- 24 - 
 
In addition, the continuation of the Russia-Ukraine war that started in February 2022, together with 
the imposition of sanctions and export controls against Russia and Russian interests by a number of 
countries including the European Union, has already had a significant impact on the European and 
global economy, with greater market volatility and significant increases in the prices of energy and 
natural gas. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is not possible to predict the broader 
consequences of the invasion, which could include further sanctions, export controls and embargoes, 
greater regional instability, geopolitical shifts and other adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, 
currency exchange rates, supply chains (including the supply of fuel from Russia) and financial 
markets, all of which could, either directly or indirectly, have an adverse impact on the business, 
financial condition and results of operations of the Credem Group. 
Furthermore, the results of the Credem Group could be affected by general economic, financial and 
other business conditions and, in particular, by the trends of the Italian economy (determined, inter 
alia, by factors such as the expected growth perspectives of the economy and credit reliability). In 
particular, as Italy is the country in which the Credem Group operates on an almost exclusive basis 
and in respect of which the Credem Group has a relevant credit exposure, its business is particularly 
sensitive to investors’ perception of Italy’s financial condition as well as its prospects for economic 
growth. The political uncertainty and persistence of adverse economic conditions in Italy, or Italy’s 
slower recovery compared to other OECD nations could have an adverse effect on the Credem 
Group’s business, cost of borrowing, results of operations or financial condition, as well as on the 
value of its assets, and could result in further costs related to write-downs and impairment losses. In 
addition, any downgrade of the Italian sovereign credit rating or the perception that such a downgrade 
may occur, may destabilise the markets and have an adverse effect on the Credem Group’s operating 
results, capital and liquidity position, financial condition and prospects as well as on the marketability 
of the Covered Bonds. If sentiment towards banks and/or other financial institutions operating in Italy 
were to deteriorate materially, or if Credem’s ratings and/or the ratings of the sector were to be further 
adversely affected, this may have an adverse impact on the Credem Group. In addition, such a change 
in sentiment or rating downgrade could result in an increase in the costs and a reduction in the 
availability of wholesale market funding across the financial sector which could have an adverse 
effect on the liquidity funding and value of the assets of all Italian financial services institutions, 
including Credem. 
Despite the difficult economic context, as of 30 June 2024 the total financial assets (direct and 
indirect) from customers amounted to € 117,011 million (an increase of 8.9% compared to €107,432 
as at 30 June 2023); in the first half 2024 the net inflows from assets under management and 
insurance amounted to € 266 million, net inflows from assets under administration to € 1,421 million 
and net direct deposits inflows to € 977 million.However, material adverse effects on the business and 
profitability of the Credem Group may also result from further developments in terms of monetary 
policy (and related impacts on financial entities and markets) and/or additional events occurring of 
exceptional nature (such as political instability, terrorism and any other similar events and/or 
correlated effects occurring in the markets where the Credem Group operates and, as recently 
experienced, a new pandemic emergency). 
The macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges mentioned above could increase the cost of funding 
of the Credem Group's, with a material adverse impact on the business, financial condition and results 
of operations of Credem and/or the Credem Group. 
Credit risk 
Credit risk relates to the risk of loss arising from counterparty default (in particular, recoverability of 
loans) or in the broadest sense from a failure to perform contractual obligations, including on the part 
of any guarantors. Credit risk includes (i) counterparty risk and (ii) risks connected to the 
deterioration of the credit quality.

--- Page 35 ---
- 25 - 
 
Several factors affect a bank's credit risk in relation to individual credit exposures or for its entire loan 
book. These include the trend in general economic conditions or those in specific sectors, changes in 
the rating of individual counterparties, deterioration in the competitive position of counterparties, poor 
management on the part of firms or counterparties given lines of credit, and other external factors, 
also of a legal and regulatory nature. 
The deterioration of the creditworthiness of major customers and, more generally, any defaults or 
repayment irregularities, the launch of bankruptcy proceedings by counterparties, the reduction of the 
economic value of guarantees received and/or the inability to execute the said guarantees successfully 
and/or in a timely manner, as well as any errors in assessing customers' creditworthiness (which may 
affect the Credem Group's risk management methodologies, assessments and processes) could have a 
material negative effect on the business, financial condition and/or results of operations of Credem 
and/or the Credem Group. 
a) Counterparty risk 
The Credem Group is also exposed to counterparty risk. Counterparty risk is the risk that the 
counterparty of a transaction (including operations in derivatives and repurchase agreements) 
involving particular financial instruments may default before the transaction is settled. The Credem 
Group trades derivative contracts with a wide variety of underlying assets and instruments, including 
interest rates, exchange rates, equity indices, commodities and loans, with counterparties from the 
financial services sector, commercial banks, government entities, financial and insurance firms, 
investment banks, funds and other institutional clients as well as with non- institutional clients. 
Transactions in derivatives and repurchase transactions expose the Credem Group to the risk that the 
counterparty defaults or becomes insolvent before settlement or expiry of the transaction, where 
Credem or other Credem Group company has an outstanding claim against such counterparty, in 
addition to market risks and operational risks. 
Such risks, which were accentuated as a result of the financial crisis and the consequent volatility in 
financial markets, could result in further adverse effects, if collateral provided to Credem or other 
companies of the Credem Group cannot be realised or liquidated according to the envisaged timetable, 
in a manner, or to an extent, sufficient to cover the exposure to the counterparty. 
The Credem Group has specific policies and procedures for identifying, monitoring and managing 
these types of risk. Any breach by the counterparties of the obligations they assume under derivative 
or repurchase contracts they have made with Credem or other companies of the Credem Group, and/or 
the realisation or liquidation of such collateral as they have provided that delivers a lower value than 
expected, may result in adverse effects on the business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations of Credem and/or of the Credem Group. 
b) Risks connected to the deterioration of credit quality 
The Credem Group's policies for managing and controlling the quality of the loan portfolio, and 
associated risks, are based on rules of sound and prudent management. The policies are implemented 
by distributing, managing and monitoring credit risks that change due to the circumstances of the 
market, business sector and the characteristics of each borrower. The loan portfolio is closely 
monitored on a continuous basis in order to promptly identify any signs of imbalance and to take 
corrective measures aimed at preventing any deterioration. 
The accounting coverage of the non-performing exposures of the Credem Group as at 30 June 2024 
was equal to 58.6%. The Credem Group’s gross NPL ratio was equal to 1.91% as of 30 June 2024. On 
30 June 2023, the gross NPL ratio was equal to 2.04%. 
Competition

--- Page 36 ---
- 26 - 
 
Credem is subject to competition from a large number of companies who may offer the same financial 
products and services and other forms of alternative and/or novel forms of borrowing or investment. 
Such competitors include banks and other financial intermediaries. In addition, the formation of 
increasingly large banking groups, and the entry of foreign financial institutions into the Italian 
banking market, may allow such companies to offer products and services on terms that are more 
financially advantageous than those which Credem is able to offer as a result of their possible 
economies of scale. 
Competitive pressure may arise either from consumer demand of new services as well as 
technological demand, with the consequent necessity to make investments, or as a result of 
competitors’ specific competitive actions. In the event that the Credem Group is not able to respond to 
the increasing competitive pressure by, for example, offering profitable new services and products 
that meet client demands, the Credem Group could lose market share in a number of business sectors 
and/or fail to increase or maintain the volumes of business and/or profit margins it has achieved in the 
past, with possible adverse effects on Credem’s financial condition and results of operations. 
Operational risks  
The Credem Group, like all financial institutions, is exposed to the risk of incurring losses due to the 
inadequacy or inefficiency of processes, personnel and internal system, or caused by external factors. 
For example, these include losses due to fraud, human error, interruptions in operations, system 
unavailability (including information technology (“IT”) system; see also “Risks relating to 
information technology systems” below), contractual breaches and natural disasters. In terms of their 
monetary manifestation, the operational risks include legal risk, model-related risk, operating losses 
overlapping market risk (i.e. losses and/or additional costs related to financial transactions) and 
operating losses overlapping credit risk (i.e. losses generated during the placement of a product and/or 
within a lending process, due to an operational risk). The Credem Group’s systems and processes are 
designed to ensure that the operational risks associated with its activities are appropriately monitored. 
Any failure or weakness in these systems, could however adversely affect its financial performance 
and business activities. 
Risks relating to information technology systems 
The Credem Group depends on its IT and data processing systems to operate its business, as well as 
on their continuous maintenance and constant updating. The Credem Group is exposed to the risk that 
data could be damaged or lost, removed, disclosed or processed (data breach) for purposes other than 
those authorized by the customer, including by unauthorized parties. 
The possible destruction, damage or loss of customer, employee or third-party data, as well as its 
removal, unauthorized processing or disclosure, would have a negative impact on the Credem Group’s 
business and reputation, and could subject the Credem Group to fines, with consequent negative 
effects on the Credem Group’s business, results of operations or financial condition. 
In addition, changes to relevant regulation could impose more stringent sanctions for violations, and 
could have a negative impact on the Credem Group’s business as they could entail additional 
compliance costs for the Credem Group. 
There are possible risks with regard to the reliability of IT systems and the continuity of IT services, 
the quality and integrity of the data managed and the threats to which IT systems are subject, as well 
as risks related to the management of software changes (change management), which could have 
negative effects on the operations and capital and financial situation of the Credem Group. 
Risks faced by the Credem Group relating to the management of IT systems include possible 
violations of its systems due to unauthorized access to the Credem Group’s corporate network or IT 
resources, the introduction of viruses into computers and servers or other form of abuse committed via

--- Page 37 ---
- 27 - 
 
the internet or via other connected third-party networks. Such violations have become more frequent 
over the years throughout the world and therefore can threaten the protection of information relating 
to the Credem Group and our customers and can have negative effects on the integrity of the Credem 
Group’s IT systems, as well as on the confidence of the Credem Group’s customers and on the 
Credem Group’s reputation, with possible negative effects on the Credem Group’s capital and 
financial condition. 
From this perspective, cybersecurity is one of the top priorities of the Credem Group. The activities 
carried out in this area aim to improve the Group's overall security posture towards both internal and 
external stakeholders. 
Hence the choice of continuous monitoring of company IT events in order to identify, intercept as 
soon as possible and manage the anomalies that could affect the security of the information assets, as 
well as the setting of adequate mitigation strategies and the adoption of appropriate security 
countermeasures to threats existing. 
Reduced interest rate margin  
For several years now, the Italian banking sector has been characterised by increasing competition 
which, together with the level of interest rates, has caused a sharp reduction in the difference between 
borrowing and lending rates, and has made it difficult for banks to maintain positive growth trends in 
interest rate margins. In particular, such competition has had two main effects: 
(i) 
a progressive reduction in the differential between lending and borrowing interest rates, which 
may result in Credem facing difficulties in maintaining its actual rate of growth in interest rate 
margin; and 
(ii) 
a progressive reduction in commissions and fees, particularly from dealing on behalf of third 
parties and orders collection, due to competition on prices. 
Both of the above factors may adversely affect Credem’s financial condition and results of operations. 
In addition, downturns in the Italian economy could cause pressure on the competition through, for 
example, increased price pressure and lower business volumes for which to compete. 
Market risk  
The Credem Group is exposed to market risk, being the risk that the value of a financial asset or 
liability could vary because of changes of market factors, such as share prices, interest rates, exchange 
rates and their volatilities, as well as changes in the credit spreads of the relevant issuer. 
To the extent that any of the instruments and strategies used by the Credem Group to hedge or 
otherwise manage its exposure to counterparty or market risk are not effective, the Credem Group 
may not be able to mitigate effectively its risk exposure in particular market environments or against 
particular types of risk. The Credem Group's trading revenues and interest rate risk are dependent 
upon its ability to identify properly, and mark to market, changes in the value of financial instruments 
caused by changes in market prices or interest rates. The Credem Group's financial results also depend 
upon how effectively it determines and assesses the cost of credit and manages its own credit risk and 
market risk concentration. 
Protracted market declines and reduced liquidity in the markets  
In some of the Credem Group's businesses, i.e. the Credem Group's securities trading activities and its 
asset management services, as well as its investments in and sales of products linked to the 
performance of financial assets (the “Credem Group Activities”), protracted adverse market 
movements, particularly the decline of asset prices, can reduce market activity and market liquidity.

--- Page 38 ---
- 28 - 
 
These developments can lead to material losses if the Credem Group cannot close out deteriorating 
positions in a timely way. This may especially be the case for assets that do not benefit from a liquid 
market. The value of assets that are not traded on stock exchanges or other public trading markets, 
such as derivatives contracts between banks, may be calculated by the Credem Group using models 
which are not based on publicly quoted prices. Monitoring the deterioration of the prices of such 
assets is difficult and failure to do so effectively could lead to unanticipated losses. This, in turn, 
could adversely affect the operating results and financial condition of the Credem Group. In addition, 
protracted or steep declines in the stock or bond markets in Italy and elsewhere may adversely affect 
the Credem Group's Activities.  
Governmental and central banks’ actions intended to support liquidity may be insufficient or 
discontinued  
In response to the financial markets crisis, the reduced liquidity available to market operators in the 
industry, the increase of risk premiums and the capital requirements demanded by investors, 
intervention with respect to the level of capitalisation of banking institutions has had to be further 
increased. In many countries, this has been achieved through support measures for the financial 
system and direct intervention by governments in the share capital of banks. In order to technically 
permit such government support, financial institutions are required to pledge securities deemed 
appropriate by different central financial institutions as collateral. 
The unavailability of liquidity through such measures, or the decrease or discontinuation of such 
measures by governments and central authorities could result in increased difficulties in procuring 
liquidity in the market and/or result in higher costs for the procurement of such liquidity, thereby 
adversely affecting the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Credem Group. 
In particular, due to the financial crisis, the ECB has implemented important monetary policy 
measures, such as the targeted longer term refinancing operations (i.e. TLTRO) introduced in 2014, 
the targeted longer term refinancing operations two (TLTRO II) introduced in 2016 and the targeted 
longer term refinancing operations III (TLTRO III, as defined below) announced in 2019. 
It is not possible to predict the duration and the amounts with which these liquidity support operations 
can be repeated in the future. In its meeting held on 27 October 2022, the ECB decided that from 23 
November 2022 until the maturity date or early repayment date of each outstanding TLTRO III 
Operations (as defined below), the interest rate on TLTRO III Operations will be indexed to the 
average applicable key ECB interest rates over this period and no more over the entire life of the 
program tranche. Such a change results in a sharp worsening of the funding rate that may materially 
and adversely impact the liquidity of the participating credit institutions. Although as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus the recalibration of the terms and conditions of the TLTRO III introduced by the 
ECB is not expected to materially affect the liquidity of the Credem Group, some risks may 
materialise in the horizon, depending inter alia on any further decisions the ECB may decide to adopt.  
At the end of September 2024, there were no outstanding TLTRO transactions with the ECB. In 
March 2024, the last TLTRO III.7 tranche was repaid at its natural maturity date, for a nominal 
amount of € 740 million. 
Also in light of the findings set forth in the EBA third report on LCR and NSFR (each as defined 
below) monitoring, Credem remains attentive to the evolution of the funding market to ensure that the 
ordinary refinancing strategies and normal business are not affected by the cumulative effect of the 
maturity of all the remaining central bank funding and additional outflows due to the impact of 
adverse market liquidity scenarios. 
Risks relating to the legal and regulatory framework

--- Page 39 ---
- 29 - 
 
Risk related to the development of the banking sector regulation and the changes in the regulation 
on the solution of the banking crisis  
The Issuer is subject to complex and strict regulations, as well as to the supervisory activity by the 
relevant institutions (in particular, the ECB, the Bank of Italy, CONSOB and IVASS), which are 
subject to continuous updates and practice developments. Furthermore, as a listed bank, Credem is 
required to comply with further provisions issued by CONSOB. 
Any changes made to such rules and regulations and/or changes of the interpretation and/or 
implementation of the same by the competent authorities could give rise to new burdens and 
obligations for the Issuer, with possible negative impacts on the operational results and the economic 
and financial situation of the Issuer. 
Moreover, the Issuer and its subsidiaries also face the risk that the relevant supervisory body may find 
that they have failed to comply with applicable regulations and any such regulatory proceeding could 
result in adverse publicity for, or negative perceptions regarding, such supervised entity, which, in 
turn, could lead to reputational damages for the Issuer (and thus for the Credem Financial 
Conglomerate, as defined below). In addition, any significant regulatory actions against a member of 
the Credem Financial Conglomerate could lead to financial losses, as a result of regulatory fines, 
reprimands or litigations, and, in extreme scenarios, to the suspension of operations or even 
withdrawal of authorization, thus having a material adverse impact on Credem Financial 
Conglomerate’s business, results of operations and its financial conditions, which would be reflected 
in the Credem Group’s consolidated results. 
Regulatory framework  
Since January 2014, as a result of the so-called “Basel III agreements”, the minimum capital 
requirements were significantly strengthened, the leverage degree was restrained and policies and 
quantitative rules for the mitigation of the liquidity risk of the banks were introduced. 
As for the capital requirements, the supervisory provisions currently in force provide for minimum 
capitalization levels. In particular, the banks are required to have a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
ratio at least equal to 7% of the risk-weighted assets, a Tier 1 ratio equal at least to 8.5% of the risk-
weighted assets and a Total Capital ratio equal at least to 10.5% of said risk-weighted assets (such 
minimum levels include the so-called "capital conservation buffer", namely a "buffer" of further 
mandatory capitalization). 
In terms of banking and prudential regulation, Credem is also subject to the BRRD, as amended by 
the BRRD2 (as both defined below), as implemented by the BRRD Implementing Decrees as well as 
the relevant technical standards and guidelines from EU regulatory bodies (i.e. EBA), which, inter 
alia, provide MREL requirements for credit institutions, recovery and resolution mechanisms. 
Should Credem not be able to meet the capital requirements and/or MREL requirements imposed by 
the applicable laws and regulations, it may be required to maintain higher levels of capital, which 
could potentially impact credit ratings, and funding conditions, which could limit Credem's growth 
opportunities and profitability. 
For a description of the capital requirements applicable to Credem Group, please see "Regulatory – 
Capital Requirements" and "Regulatory – The EU Banking Reform – Revision to the CRD IV 
Package". 
For a description of the MREL requirements applicable to Credem Group, please see "Regulatory – 
EU Recovery and Resolution Directive" and "Regulatory – Revision to the BRRD framework". 
Credem, as a bank of significant importance for the European financial system, is subject to the direct

--- Page 40 ---
- 30 - 
 
supervision of the ECB and, from 6 October 2017, the Credem Group has been classified by the ECB 
as a "financial conglomerate", within the meaning of the FICOD, controlled by Credem Holding as 
"parent financial holding company in a Member State" for the purpose of the CRD IV Package (i.e. 
Credem Financial Conglomerate). 
Following the Supervisory and Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”) the ECB provides, on an 
annual basis, a final decision of the capital requirement that Credem must comply on the basis of the 
consolidated situation of Credem Holding. On 30 November 2023, Credem received the final decision 
of the ECB concerning the capital requirement that Credem has to meet at a consolidated level (“ECB 
SREP Decision”). In particular, from 1 January 2024, the Credem Group must respect the following 
capital requirements on a consolidated basis: (i) Common Equity Tier 1 ratio at 7.60%; (ii) Tier 1 
ratio at 9.29%; and (iii) Total Capital ratio at 11.54%. 
Starting from January 2024, Credem must comply with a MREL requirement on a consolidated basis 
at a level of 20.07% of the Total Risk Exposure Amount (i.e. TREA) – excluding the Combined 
Buffer Requirement – and of 5.91% of Leverage Ratio Exposure (i.e. LRE). For the purposes of 
complying with the requirement and the calculation of other eligible liabilities issued by Credem, 
there is currently no subordination requirement in relation to the issuance of eligible MREL 
instruments which are not intended to qualify as capital. 
For a description of the Pillar 2 requirements applicable to Credem Group, please see "Regulatory – 
Basel III and the CRD IV Package" of this Base Prospectus. 
In particular, as at 30 June 2024, the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio of the Credem Group stood 
at 15.7% and the Total Capital Ratio of the Credem Group stood 18.1%. 
As for liquidity, the European rules envisage, inter alia, a short-term indicator ("Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio" or "LCR"), aimed at creating and maintaining a liquidity buffer intended to enable a bank to 
survive for a period of thirty days in case of serious market distress and a structural liquidity indicator 
("Net Stable Funding Ratio" or "NSFR") with a temporal horizon longer than a year, introduced to 
ensure that the assets and liabilities have a sustainable maturity structure. 
The Credem Group's liquidity and long-term viability depend on many factors, including its ability to 
successfully raise capital and secure appropriate financing. Despite the overall liquidity situation of 
the Credem Group is more than safe and under constant control, some risks may materialize in the 
horizon, depending on the economy recovery. An important mitigation factor to these risks are the 
contingency management policies in place in the Credem Group system of rules. 
Both indicators of the Credem Group are widely above the minimum limits provided by the above-
mentioned provisions of law. 
With regard to the Russia-Ukraine conflict, in light of the low exposure to Russian and Ukrainian 
counterparties, at the end of June 2024, there were no significant impacts on the Credem Group's 
consolidated liquidity position. Therefore, impacts related to the performance of the financial markets 
were confirmed, which had a modest impact on fee and commission income, while there was no 
impact on asset quality. With regard to asset quality, since the beginning of the conflict, the Credem 
Group has increased its supervision through customer segmentation mechanisms and the relative 
levels of risk in relation to the greater exposure in the sectors most directly affected or most exposed 
to geopolitical risks or conjuntural risks (for example impact of high energy prices, impact of raw 
materials). 
Furthermore, the Banking Reform Package (as defined below) introduced the financial Leverage 
Ratio, which measures the coverage degree of Class 1 Capital compared to the total exposure of the 
Credem Group. Such index is calculated by considering the assets and exposures out of the budget. 
The objective of the indicator is to contain the degree of indebtedness in the balance sheets of banks.

--- Page 41 ---
- 31 - 
 
The ratio is subject to a minimum regulatory limit of 3%. 
Depending on the outcomes of the legislative process underway in Europe, Credem might be 
compelled to adapt to changes in the regulations (and in their construction and/or implementation 
procedures adopted by the supervisory authorities), with potential adverse effects on its assets, 
liabilities and financial situation. In particular, investors should consider that supervisory authorities 
may impose further requirements and/or parameters for the purpose of calculating capital adequacy 
requirements or may adopt interpretation approaches of the legislation governing prudential fund 
requirements unfavourable to Credem, with the consequent inability of Credem to comply with the 
requirements imposed and with a potential negative impact, even material, on the business and capital, 
economic and financial conditions. 
In light of this, Credem has in place specific procedures and internal policies - in accordance with the 
regulatory frameworks defined by domestic and European supervisory authorities and consistent with 
the regulatory framework being implemented at the European Union level - to monitor, among other 
things, liquidity levels and capital adequacy. Despite the existence of these procedures and policies, 
there can be no assurance that violations of regulations will not occur, which could adversely affect 
Credem's results of operations, business and financial condition. In particular, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Bank of Italy has introduced systemic risk buffer applicable to all banks and 
banking group authorised in Italy; therefore there is uncertainty as to what impact these regulatory 
changes will have on Credem's operations. Furthermore, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Directive (EU) 2024/1619 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31 May 2024 (the "CRD 
VI") and the Regulation (EU) 2024/1623 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31 May 
2024 (the "CRR III") have been recently published in the Official Journal of the European Union. 
Therefore, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is uncertainty as to their full adoption and 
implementation in Italy, and it is not yet clear how and to what extent these regulatory changes may 
impact on Credem's operations. In addition, on 19 June 2024, the Council announced the beginning of 
the negotiations with the European Parliament to define the final shape of the CMDI Reform (as 
defined below), which includes, among other things, the amendment of the ranking of claims in 
insolvency to provide for a general depositor preference, pursuant to which the insolvency laws of 
Members States would be required by the BRRD to extend the legal preference of claims in respect of 
deposits relative to ordinary unsecured claims to all deposits.  
For a description of the Banking Reform Package applicable to Credem Group, please see 
“Regulatory – The EU Banking Reform – Revision to the CRD IV Package”.  
Investors should also consider that it cannot be excluded that in the future Credem may be required, in 
particular in light of external factors and unforeseeable events outside its control and/or after further 
requests by the supervisory authority, to implement capital enhancement interventions; there is also a 
risk that Credem may not be able to achieve and/or maintain (both at individual and consolidated 
level) the minimum capital requirements provided for by the legislation in force from time to time or 
established from time to time by the supervisory authority in the times prescribed therein, with 
potential material negative impact on its business and capital, economic and financial condition. 
In these circumstances, it cannot be excluded that Credem may be subject to extraordinary actions 
and/or measures by competent authorities, which may include, inter alia, the application of the 
resolution tools as per the BRRD Implementing Decrees. The Credem Group is subject to the BRRD, 
as amended from time to time, which is intended to enable a wide range of actions that could be taken 
towards institutions considered to be at risk of failing (i.e. the sale of business, the asset separation, 
the bail-in and the bridge bank). The execution of any action under the BRRD towards the Credem 
Group could materially affect the value of, or any repayments linked to the Covered Bonds. 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted the Council Regulation (EU) No. 
1024/2013 granting specific tasks to the ECB as per prudential supervision policies of credit

--- Page 42 ---
- 32 - 
 
institutions (the SSM Regulation) in order to establish a single supervisory mechanism (the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism or SSM). From 4 November 2014, the SSM Regulation has given the ECB, 
in conjunction with the national regulatory authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member 
States, direct supervisory responsibility over “banks of significant importance” in the Eurozone.  
In this respect, “banks of significant importance” include any Eurozone bank in relation to which (i) 
the total value of its assets exceeds €30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 
billion – the ratio of its total assets over the national gross domestic product exceeds 20%; (ii) is one 
of the three most significant credit institutions established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is 
a recipient of, direct assistance from the European Financial Stability Facility or the European 
Stability Mechanism; (iv) is considered by the ECB to be of significant relevance where it has 
established banking subsidiaries in more than one participating Member State and its cross-border 
assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its total assets/liabilities. 
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of the relevant criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after consulting 
with each national competent authority or upon request by a national competent authority, may 
declare an institution significant to ensure the consistent application of high-quality supervisory 
standards. Credem has been classified as a significant supervised entity within the meaning of 
Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the ECB of 16 April 2014 establishing the framework for co-
operation within the Single Supervisory Mechanism between the ECB and each national competent 
authority and with national designated authorities (the “SSM Framework Regulation”) and, as such, 
is subject to direct prudential supervision by the ECB in respect of the functions granted to ECB by 
the SSM Regulation and the SSM Framework Regulation. 
For further details, please see “ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism” under section “Regulatory” of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Risks relating to the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the 
applied accounting principles 
Following the entry into force and subsequent application of new accounting standards, regulatory 
rules and/or the amendment of existing standards and rules, Credem Group may have to revise the 
accounting and regulatory treatment of certain outstanding assets and liabilities (e.g. deferred tax 
assets) and transactions (and the related income and expense).  
In this regard, an important change occurred with the introduction, on 1 January 2018, of IFRS 9 
“Financial Instruments” that, following the entry into force on 19 December 2016 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/2067, replaced IAS 39 “Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement”. In particular, 
IFRS 9 introduced: 
• 
significant changes to the rules related to the classification and measurement of financial 
assets that are based on the management method (“business model”) and on the characteristics 
of the cash flows of the financial instrument (SPPI criterion—Solely Payments of Principal 
and Interests) which could involve different classification and measurement methods for 
financial instruments compared with IAS 39; 
• 
new impairment accounting model based on a “forward looking expected losses” impairment 
model rather than an incurred losses approach as in IAS 39 (calculated over a 12-month time 
horizon) and on the concept of a lifetime expected loss which could lead to a structural 
anticipation and increase of the value adjustments, particularly those on receivables; 
• 
a “three stage impairment model” for impairment based on changes in credit risk of a 
financial asset since its initial recognition. These three stages then determine the amount of

--- Page 43 ---
- 33 - 
 
impairment to be recognized as expected credit losses:  
(i) 
in Stage 1 are allocated financial instruments (performing) that have not had a 
significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition or that have low credit risk 
at the reporting date. For these instruments 12-month expected credit losses (“ECL”) 
are calculated; 
(ii) 
Stage 2 includes financial instruments that have had a significant increase in credit 
risk since initial recognition (unless they have low credit risk at the reporting date) 
without objective evidence of impairment. For these financial instruments, lifetime 
ECL are calculated; and 
(iii) 
in Stage 3, financial assets with objective evidence of impairment at the reporting date 
are allocated. Lifetime ECL is also recognized for these instruments; and 
(iv) 
new rules for the designation of a hedge account and for checking its effectiveness 
with the aim of guaranteeing a better alignment between the accounting representation 
of the hedging and the underlying management logics.  
Consistent with the choices made regarding IFRS 9, the Credem Group opted to recognize the 
possible impacts of the application of the standard retrospectively. The Credem Group’s financial 
statements as of 30 June 2018 were the first accounting report prepared in compliance with IFRS 9 
and therefore such interim financial statements reflect the qualitative and quantitative disclosures 
relating to the transition to IFRS 9 with particular regard to the overall impacts defined on First Time 
Application (“FTA”). 
Lastly, accounting standard IFRS 16 (Leases), published by the IASB on 13 January 2016 and 
endorsed by the European Commission on 9 November 2017, superseded accounting standard IAS 17 
(Leases) on 1 January 2019. 
Specifically, the new standard introduces new accounting rules for leasing contracts for the lessees 
(i.e. the users of the goods under a contract for lease). These rules are based on the definition of 
‘lease’ as a contract in which the right to control the use of an identified asset is granted for a 
specified period of time, in exchange for payment. 
As a result of this definition, the lessee must recognise the right-of-use of the underlying asset as an 
asset on the balance sheet, and that asset will subsequently be subject to depreciation; the lessee must 
then also recognise the present value of lease payments (to be made over the full lifetime of the 
contract) as a liability. 
Credem Group has conducted an analysis of new key elements introduced by the standard and have 
conducted with a detailed analysis of the contracts stipulated as lessor/lessee, which could constitute a 
“Lease”, according to the provisions of IFRS 16, followed by a subsequent design and 
implementation phase, to be completed by the end of the financial year 2018, in order to be compliant 
with the new standard starting from 1 January 2019. The quantitative impact related to the first 
adoption of IFRS 16 has been disclosed in each financial report published so far. Starting from 2020, 
all financial figures contained in financial reports already include IFRS 16 impacts. 
The accounting standards adopted in the financial statements as at 30 June 2024, with reference to 
classification, recognition, measurement and derecognition of financial assets and liabilities, as well 
as for the procedures for recognizing revenues and costs, have not changed since 31 December 2023, 
with the exception of the application of the new standard IFRS17 envisaged for insurance companies 
and the transition to accounting standard IFRS 9 for financial instruments by the subsidiary insurance 
company Credemvita S.p.A. ("Credemvita"). 
The IFRS 17 Insurance contracts was implemented on 1 January 2023. IFRS 17 replaces IFRS 4

--- Page 44 ---
- 34 - 
 
Insurance contracts and sets out the principles for recognition, presentation, measurement, and 
disclosure of insurance contracts issued and reinsurance contracts. The key differences between IFRS 
17 and IFRS 4 relate to revenue recognition and liability valuation, in particular the definition in IFRS 
17 of cash flows within insurance contract boundaries includes not only premiums, claims and policy 
administration costs but also other overhead costs, which relate to the fulfilment of the insurance 
contract. The key differences between IFRS 17 and IFRS 4 relate to revenue recognition and liability 
valuation. Under IFRS 4, entities were free to derive their own interpretations of revenue recognition 
and calculation of reserves, while IFRS 17 introduces a measurements model with consistent 
definitions for cash flows within contract boundaries, discount rates, risk adjustment for non-financial 
risks and contractual service margins. 
The introduction of IFRS 17 accounting standard, and the interaction with IFRS 9 accounting standard 
for the measurement of financial instruments, introduces a new model for the recognition of balance 
sheet items and the recognition of the performance of the various product portfolios in the income 
statement together with a significant sensitivity of the measurements to current estimates of operating 
assumptions and market values (including significantly to interest rate curves), which may lead to 
greater volatility of results over the time. 
The following IFRS accounting standards, amendments and interpretations were applied for the first 
time by the Group starting from 1 January 2024:  
• 
On 23 January 2020, the IASB published an amendment called “Amendments to IAS 1 
Presentation of Financial Statements: Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current” 
and on 31 October 2022 published an amendment called “Amendments to IAS 1 Presentation 
of Financial Statements: Non-Current Liabilities with Covenants”. These amendments aim to 
clarify how to classify payables and other short or long-term liabilities. In addition, the 
amendments also improve the information that an entity must provide when its right to defer 
the settlement of a liability for at least twelve months is subject to compliance with certain 
metrics (i.e. covenants). The adoption of these amendments had no impact on the Group’s 
half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements.  
• 
On 22 September 2022, the IASB published an amendment called “Amendments to IFRS 16 
Leases: Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback”. The document requires the seller-lessee to 
assess the liability for the lease deriving from a sale & leaseback transaction so as not to 
recognise an income or a loss that relates to the retained right of use. The adoption of these 
amendments had no impact on the Group’s half-yearly condensed consolidated financial 
statements. 
• 
On 25 May 2023, the IASB published an amendment called “Amendments to IAS 7 Statement 
of Cash Flows and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures: Supplier Finance 
Arrangements”. The document requires an entity to provide additional information on reverse 
factoring agreements that allow users of the financial statements to assess how financial 
agreements with suppliers may affect the entity's liabilities and cash flows and to understand 
the effect of such agreements on the entity’s exposure to liquidity risk. The adoption of these 
amendments had no impact on the Group’s half-yearly condensed consolidated financial 
statements. 
At the reference date of this document, the competent bodies of the European Union have not yet 
completed the endorsement process necessary for the adoption of the amendments and standards 
described below. 
On 30 May 2024, the IASB published the document “Amendments to the Classification and 
Measurement of Financial Instruments - Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7”. The document clarifies 
some problematic aspects that emerged from the post-implementation review of IFRS 9, including the

--- Page 45 ---
- 35 - 
 
accounting treatment of financial assets whose returns vary upon achievement of ESG objectives (i.e. 
green bonds). In particular, the amendments aim to: 
• 
Clarify the classification of financial assets with variable returns and linked to environmental, 
social and corporate governance (ESG) objectives and the criteria to be used for the 
assessment of the SPPI test; 
• 
determine that the date of settlement of liabilities through electronic payment systems is the 
date on which the liability is extinguished. However, an entity is permitted to adopt an 
accounting policy to allow for the elimination of financial liabilities before delivering 
liquidity on the settlement date in the presence of certain specific conditions. 
With these amendments, the IASB has also introduced additional report requirements with regard, in 
particular, to investments in equity instruments designated at FVOCI. 
The amendments will apply from the financial statements for years beginning on or after 1 January 
2026. The Directors do not expect the adoption of this amendment to have a significant effect on the 
Group’s half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements.  
On 9 May 2024, the IASB published a new standard IFRS 19 Subsidiaries without Public 
Accountability: Disclosures. The new standard introduces some simplifications with reference to the 
report required by the other IAS-IFRS standards. This standard can be applied by an entity that meets 
the following main criteria: 
• 
It is a subsidiary; 
• 
It has not issued equity or debt instruments listed on a market and is not in the process of 
issuing them; 
• 
It has its own parent company that prepares consolidated financial statements in compliance 
with IFRS. 
The new standard will enter into force on 1 January 2027, but early application is permitted. This 
standard is not applicable to the half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements. 
On 9 April 2024, the IASB published a new standard IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in 
Financial Statements which will replace IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. The new 
standard aims to improve the presentation of the main financial statements and introduces important 
changes with reference to the income statement. In particular, the new standard requires to: 
• 
classify revenues and costs into three new categories (operating section, investment section and 
financial section), in addition to the taxes and discontinued operations categories already 
present in the income statement; 
• 
present two new sub-totals, the operating result and the result before interest and taxes (i.e. 
EBIT). 
The new standard also: 
• 
requests more information on the performance indicators defined by management; 
• 
introduces new criteria for combining and unbundling information; and 
• 
introduces some changes to the cash flow statement, including the request to use the operating

--- Page 46 ---
- 36 - 
 
result as a starting point for the presentation of the cash flow statement prepared with the 
indirect method and the derecognition of some classification options of some currently 
existing items (for example, interest paid and collected, and dividend income paid and 
collected). 
The new standard will enter into force on 1 January 2027, but early application is permitted. The 
Directors are currently assessing the possible effects of the introduction of this new standard on the 
Group’s half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements.  
On 15 August 2023, the IASB published an amendment called “Amendments to IAS 21 The Effects 
of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates: Lack of Exchangeability”. The document requires an entity to 
apply a methodology consistently in order to verify whether one currency can be converted into 
another and, when this is not possible, clarifies how to determine the exchange rate to be used and the 
report to be provided in the explanatory notes. The amendment will apply from 1 January 2025, but 
earlier application is permitted. The Directors do not expect the adoption of this amendment to have a 
significant effect on the Group’s half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements.  
On 30 January 2014, the IASB published IFRS 14 – Regulatory Deferral Accounts, which allows only 
those who adopt IFRS for the first time to continue to recognise the amounts relating to activities 
subject to regulated tariffs (“Rate Regulation Activities”), according to the previous accounting 
standards adopted. As the Group is not a first-time adopter, this standard is not applicable. 
2. 
RISKS RELATED TO COVERED BONDS 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
• 
Risks related to Covered Bonds generally; 
• 
Risks related to the Guarantor; 
• 
Risks related to the underlying; and 
• 
Risk related to the market. 
Risks related to Covered Bond generally 
Issuer liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds. The obligations of the Issuer 
under the Covered Bonds are direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations, 
ranking pari passu without any preference amongst themselves and equally with its other direct, 
unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations. Consequently, any claim directly against 
the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds will not benefit from any security or other preferential 
arrangement granted by the Issuer. 
The Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Guarantee until 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service by the Representative of the Bondholders 
on the Issuer and on the Guarantor of an Issuer Event of Default Notice or, if earlier, following the 
occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and service by the Representative of the Bondholders of a 
Guarantor Event of Default Notice. The occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default does not constitute a 
Guarantor Event of Default. However, failure by the Guarantor to pay amounts due under the 
Guarantee would constitute a Guarantor Event of Default which would entitle the Representative of 
the Bondholders to accelerate the obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds (if they have not 
already become due and payable) and the obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee. Although 
the Mortgage Receivables included in the Cover Pool are originated by the Issuer, they are transferred

--- Page 47 ---
- 37 - 
 
to the Guarantor on a true sale basis and an insolvency of the Issuer would not automatically result in 
the insolvency of the Guarantor. 
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the Arranger, 
the Dealers, the Representative of the Bondholders or any other party to the Programme, their 
officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators, other than the Issuer and, 
after the service by the Representative of the Bondholders of an Issuer Event of Default Notice, the 
Guarantor. The Issuer and the Guarantor will be liable solely in their corporate capacity for their 
obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds and such obligations will not be the obligations of their 
respective officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. 
Extendible obligations under the Guarantee  
The Final Terms provide that the Covered Bonds are subject to an Extended Maturity Date. As a 
consequence, following the failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount of a Series of 
Covered Bonds on its Maturity Date and if the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available to pay the 
Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in full in respect of the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds on the date falling on the Extension Determination Date, then payment of 
such Guaranteed Amounts shall be automatically deferred.  
In such case, payment of all unpaid amounts shall be deferred automatically until the applicable 
Extended Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due 
and remaining unpaid on the Extension Determination Date may be paid or provisioned by the 
Guarantor on any Guarantor Payment Date thereafter, up to (and including) the relevant Extended 
Maturity Date. The Extended Maturity Date shall be the date falling 1 calendar year after the relevant 
Maturity Date or any following date indicated as such in the relevant Final Terms. Interest will 
continue to accrue and be payable on the unpaid amount in accordance with Condition 6 (Redemption 
and Purchase) and the Guarantor will pay Guaranteed Amounts, constituting interest due on each 
Guarantor Payment Date and on the Extended Maturity Date. In these circumstances, except where 
the Guarantor has failed to apply money in accordance with the Post-Issuer Default Priority of 
Payments, failure by the Guarantor to make payment in respect of the Final Redemption Amount on 
the Maturity Date (subject to any applicable grace period) (or such later date within the applicable 
grace period) shall not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. However, failure by the Guarantor to 
pay the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount on or prior to the 
Extended Maturity Date and/or Guaranteed Amounts constituting interest on any Guarantor Payment 
Date will (subject to any applicable grace periods) be a Guarantor Event of Default. To the extent that 
the Guarantor has received an Issuer Event of Default Notice in sufficient time and has sufficient 
moneys available to pay in part the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the relevant Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the Guarantor shall make 
partial payment of the relevant Final Redemption Amount in accordance with the Post-Issuer Default 
Priority of Payments and as described in Conditions 6 (Redemption and Purchase). 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered 
Bonds may have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a 
description of the most common such features: 
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer  
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered Bonds 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be 
true prior to any redemption period.

--- Page 48 ---
- 38 - 
 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds 
being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds  
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a 
conversion, this will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Covered Bonds since the 
Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of 
borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread 
on the Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Covered Bonds tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating 
rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Covered Bonds. If the Issuer converts from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
rates on its Covered Bonds. 
Interest rate risks  
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest 
rates may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. 
Floating rate risks  
Investment in Floating Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk for the Bondholders of fluctuating 
interest rate levels and uncertain interest earnings. 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium  
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series of Covered 
Bonds (in which case they will form part of such Series) or have different terms and name to an 
existing Series of Covered Bonds (in which case they will constitute a new Series). 
All Covered Bonds issued from time to time will rank pari passu with each other in all respects and 
will share equally in the security granted by the Guarantor under the Guarantee. Following the service 
on the Issuer and on the Guarantor of an Issuer Event of Default Notice (but prior to a Guarantor 
Event of Default and service of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice on the Guarantor) the Guarantor 
will use all monies to pay Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds when the same shall 
become Due for Payment subject to paying certain higher ranking obligations of the Guarantor in the 
Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments. In such circumstances, the Issuer will only be entitled to 
receive payment from the Guarantor of interest, Premium and repayment of principal under the 
Subordinated Loan granted, from time to time, pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement, after all 
amounts due under the Guarantee in respect of the Covered Bonds have been paid in full or have 
otherwise been provided for. Following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and service of 
a Guarantor Event of Default Notice on the Guarantor, the Covered Bonds will become immediately

--- Page 49 ---
- 39 - 
 
due and repayable and Bondholders will then have a claim against the Guarantor under the Guarantee 
for an amount equal to the Principal Amount Outstanding plus any interest accrued in respect of each 
Covered Bond, together with accrued interest and any other amounts due under the Covered Bonds, 
and any Guarantor Available Funds will be distributed according to the Post Enforcement Priority of 
Payments. 
In order to ensure that any further issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme does not adversely 
affect existing holders of the Covered Bonds: 
(a) 
the Subordinated Loan granted by the Issuer to the Guarantor under the terms of the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, may only be used by the Guarantor (i) as consideration for the 
acquisition of the Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and/or Liquid Assets from Credem pursuant 
to the terms of the Master Assets Purchase Agreementand the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement; and (ii) to create and/or maintain a cash reserve sufficient to meet the Liquidity 
Buffer Target Amount pursuant to the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement; 
(b) 
the Issuer must always ensure that the Tests are satisfied on each Calculation Date (and Test 
Calculation Date when required by Programme Documents) in order to ensure that the 
Guarantor can meet its obligations under the Guarantee; and 
(c) 
the Issuer shall give prior notice to the Rating Agencies of the issuance of any further Series 
of Covered Bonds. 
Bondholders are bound by Extraordinary Resolutions and Programme Resolution 
A meeting of Bondholders may be called to consider matters which affect the rights and interests of 
Bondholders. These include (but are not limited to): instructing the Representative of the Bondholders 
to take enforcement action against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor; waiving an Issuer Event of Default 
or a Guarantor Event of Default; cancelling, reducing or otherwise varying interest payments or 
repayment of principal or rescheduling payment dates; extending the Test Remedy Period; altering the 
priority of payments of interest and principal on the Covered Bonds; and any other amendments to the 
Programme Documents. Certain resolutions are required to be passed as Programme Resolutions, 
passed at a single meeting of all holders of Covered Bonds, regardless of Series. A Programme 
Resolution will bind all Bondholders, irrespective of whether they attended the Meeting or voted in 
favour of the Programme Resolution. No Resolution, other than a Programme Resolution, passed by 
the holders of one Series of Covered Bonds will be effective in respect of another Series unless it is 
sanctioned by an Ordinary Resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution, as the case may require, of the 
holders of that other Series. Any Resolution passed at a Meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds 
of a Series shall bind all other holders of that Series, irrespective of whether they attended the 
Meeting and whether they voted in favour of the relevant Resolution. 
In addition, the Representative of the Bondholders may agree to the modification of the Programme 
Documents without consulting Bondholders to correct a manifest error or an error established as such 
to the satisfaction of the Representative of the Bondholders or where such modification (i) is of a 
formal, minor, administrative or technical nature or to comply with mandatory provisions of law or 
(ii) in the sole opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders is expedient to make, is not or will 
not be materially prejudicial to Bondholders of any Series. 
It shall also be noted that after the delivery of an Issuer Event of Default Notice, the protection and 
exercise of the Bondholders' rights against the Issuer will be exercised by the Guarantor (or the 
Representative of the Bondholders on its behalf). The rights and powers of the Bondholders may only 
be exercised in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders. In addition, after 
the delivery of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice, the protection and exercise of the Bondholders' 
rights against the Guarantor and the security under the Guarantee is one of the duties of the 
Representative of the Bondholders. The Conditions limit the ability of each individual Bondholder to

--- Page 50 ---
- 40 - 
 
commence proceedings against the Guarantor by conferring on the meeting of the Bondholders the 
power to determine, in accordance with the Rules of Organisation of the Bondholders, whether any 
Bondholder may commence any such individual actions. 
Representative of the Bondholders' powers may affect the interests of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds 
In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions the Representative of the Bondholders 
shall only have regard to the interests of the holders of the Covered Bonds and the Other Guarantor 
Creditors but if, in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders, there is a conflict between 
these interests the Representative of the Bondholders shall have regard solely to the interests of the 
Bondholders. In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions, the Representative of the 
Bondholders may not act on behalf of the Seller. 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, the Representative 
of the Bondholders is of the opinion that the interests of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any one 
or more Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, the Representative of the Bondholders shall 
not exercise such power, trust, authority or discretion without the approval of such holders of the 
Covered Bonds by Extraordinary Resolution or by a Written Resolution.  
Priority of Payments 
Recent English insolvency and US bankruptcy court rulings may restrain parties from making or 
receiving payments in accordance with the order of priority agreed between them. 
There is uncertainty as to the validity and/or enforceability of a provision which (based on contractual 
and/or trust principles) subordinates certain payment rights of a creditor to the payment rights of other 
creditors of its counterparty upon the occurrence of insolvency proceedings relating to that creditor. In 
particular, recent cases have focused on provisions involving the subordination of a swap 
counterparty's payment rights in respect of certain termination payments upon the occurrence of 
insolvency proceedings or other default on the part of such counterparty (so-called "flip clauses"). 
Such provisions are similar in effect to the terms included in the Programme Documents relating to 
the subordination of Excluded Swap Termination Amounts. 
The English Supreme Court has held that a flip clause as described above is valid under English law. 
Contrary to this, however, the US Bankruptcy Court has held that such a subordination provision is 
unenforceable under US bankruptcy law and that any action to enforce such provision would violate 
the automatic stay which applies under such law in the case of a US bankruptcy of the counterparty. 
However, a subsequent 2016 US Bankruptcy Court decision held that in certain circumstances flip 
clauses are protected under the US Bankruptcy Code and therefore enforceable in bankruptcy. The 
2016 decision was affirmed on 14 March 2018 by the US District Court for the Southern District of 
New York, which 2018 decision was further affirmed on 11 August 2020 by the US Court of Appeals 
for the Second Circuit. The implications of this conflict remain unresolved. 
If a creditor of the Guarantor (such as the Swap Providers) or a related entity becomes subject to 
insolvency proceedings in any jurisdiction outside England and Wales, and it is owed a payment by 
the Guarantor, a question arises as to whether the insolvent creditor or any insolvency official 
appointed in respect of that creditor could successfully challenge the validity and/or enforceability of 
subordination provisions included in the Italian law governed Programme Documents (such as a 
provision of the relevant Priorities of Payment which refers to the ranking of the Swap Providers' 
payment rights in respect of Excluded Swap Termination Amounts). In particular, based on the 
decision of the US Bankruptcy Court referred to above, there is a risk that such subordination 
provisions would not be upheld under US bankruptcy law. Such laws may be relevant in certain 
circumstances with respect to a range of entities which may act as Swap Counterparty, including US 
established entities and certain non-US established entities with assets or operations in the US

--- Page 51 ---
- 41 - 
 
(although the scope of any such proceedings may be limited if the relevant non-US entity is a bank 
with a licensed branch in a US state). If a subordination provision included in the Programme 
Documents was successfully challenged under the insolvency laws of any relevant jurisdiction outside 
England and Wales and any relevant foreign judgment or order was recognised by the English courts, 
there can be no assurance that such actions would not adversely affect the rights of the Bondholders, 
the market value of the Covered Bonds and/or the ability of the Guarantor to satisfy its obligations 
under the Covered Bonds. 
Given the general relevance of the issues under discussion in the judgments referred to above and that 
the Programme Documents include terms providing for the subordination of Excluded Swap 
Termination Amounts, there is a risk that the final outcome of the dispute in such judgments 
(including any recognition action by the English courts) may result in negative rating pressure in 
respect of the Covered Bonds. If any rating assigned to the Covered Bonds is lowered, the market 
value of the Covered Bonds may reduce. 
Ratings of the Covered Bonds 
There is no obligation of the Issuer to maintain any rating for itself or for the Covered Bonds. The 
ratings that may be assigned by Moody's to the Covered Bonds address the expected loss posed to the 
Bondholders. The ratings that may be assigned by Fitch incorporate both an indication of the 
probability of default and of the recovery given a default of this debt instrument. Ratings do not 
constitute recommendations to buy, sell, or hold any security, nor do they comment on the adequacy 
of market price, the suitability of any security for a particular investor, or the tax-exempt nature or 
taxability of any payments of any security. Credit ratings do not directly address any risk other than 
credit risk. Credit ratings do not comment on the adequacy of market price or market liquidity. Credit 
ratings are opinions on relative credit quality and not a predictive measure of specific default 
probability.  
Ratings may be changed, qualified, placed on Rating Watch or withdrawn at any time. A suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal of the rating can negative affect the market price of the bonds issued. 
Any such evaluation may be helpful for the investors in order to assess the credit risk connected to 
financial instruments, because it provides references about the ability of the issuer to fulfil its 
obligations. The lower the rating assigned, in accordance with the relevant scale of values, the higher 
the risk, assessed by the rating agencies, the obligations will not be fulfilled or will be fulfilled only in 
part or not in time. A credit rating, if provided, is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the relevant rating 
organisation. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes 
unless (1) such rating is issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or (3) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is 
certified under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”). 
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK CRA 
Regulation) unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Covered Bonds and may be subject

--- Page 52 ---
- 42 - 
 
to revision or withdrawal by the Rating Agencies at any time. The ratings may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds.  
Changes to rating methodology and rating criteria may adversely affect the then current ratings of 
the Covered Bonds 
Bondholders should note that at any time any Rating Agency may revise its relevant rating 
methodology or revise its current ratings criteria with the result that, among other things, any rating 
assigned to the Covered Bonds may be lowered and/or in order to comply with any such revised 
criteria or rating methodology, amendments may need to be made to the Programme Documents. 
However, Bondholders should note that the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant transaction parties 
will be permitted, but not obliged, to make such amendments to the relevant Programme Document to 
effect such changes without the prior consent or sanction of the Bondholders in accordance with the 
provisions of Rule 31 (Amendments and modifications). 
Any changes to the methodology applied for rating covered bonds or the expectations of the rating 
agencies with regards to the nature of counterparty contracts and ratings of covered bond pool 
counterparties might lead to a downgrade of the Covered Bonds or re-affirmation of the Covered 
Bond rating. 
Law 130  
Law 130 was enacted in Italy in April 1999 and amended in 2005 to allow for the issuance of covered 
bonds. The Law 130 was further amended during the following years, including on 30 November 
2021 by way of the Legislative Decree no. 190 of 5 November 2021 (the Decree 190/2021) 
implementing Directive (EU) 2019/2162, which repealed, inter alia, articles 7-bis of Law 130 and 
introduced the new Title I-bis of the Law 130. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the application of Law 130 as it relates to 
covered bonds has been issued by any Italian court or governmental or regulatory authority, except for 
the supervisory instructions set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le 
Banche” dated 30 March 2023 (Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013), as amended from time to 
time concerning, inter alia, guidelines on the valuation of asset and controls required to ensure 
compliance with the legislation. Consequently, it is possible that the authorities indicated above or 
different authorities may issue further regulations relating to Law 130 or the interpretation thereof, the 
impact of which cannot be predicted by the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Changes of law 
The structure of the Programme and, inter alia, the issue of the Covered Bonds and the ratings which 
may be assigned to them upon the relevant issue are based (unless otherwise determined in the 
relevant Final Terms) on Italian law, tax and administrative practice (and, in the case of the Swap 
Agreements and the Deed of Charge, English law) in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, and 
having due regard to the expected tax treatment of all relevant entities under such law and practice. 
Except to the extent that any such changes represent a significant new factor or result in this Base 
Prospectus containing a material mistake or inaccuracy, in each case which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer and the Guarantor will be under no obligation to update 
this Base Prospectus to reflect such changes.  
On 18 December 2019, the following provisions were published on the Official Journal of the 
European Union:

--- Page 53 ---
- 43 - 
 
(i) 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 
2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending 
Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the Directive); and 
(ii) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 
2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards exposures in the form of covered 
bonds (the Regulation).  
The Regulation and the Directive amend certain provisions of the CRR on covered bonds and 
introduce standards on the issuance of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision. More in 
particular, the new Regulation makes certain amendments to the CRR to strengthen the quality of the 
covered bonds eligible for favorable capital treatment, and the new Directive aims to harmonize the 
regulation and treatment of covered bonds across EU Member States. 
The Directive was transposed into the Italian legal framework by means of Decree 190/2021, which 
modified Law 130 and entered into force on December 1st, 2021. 
The Decree 190/2021 repealed, inter alia, articles 7-bis, 7-ter and 7-quater of Law 130 (as applicable 
until the entry into force of the Implementing Provisions) and introduced the new Title I-bis of the 
Law 130, which sets out the legislative framework applicable to covered bonds issued as of the 
adoption by the Bank of Italy of new the supervisory instructions set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the 
“Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche” dated 30 March 2023 (Circular No. 285 of 17 December 
2013), as amended from time to time (the “Bank of Italy Regulations”). 
The Decree 190/2021 designated the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public 
supervision of the covered bonds, and entrusted it with the issuing of the implementing provisions of 
the Title I-bis of Law 130, as amended, by 8 July 2022, in accordance with article 3, paragraph 2, of 
Decree 190/2021 (the “Implementing Provisions”).  
On 30 March 2023 the Bank of Italy published the Implementing Provisions, entering into force on 31 
March 2023, and amending the Bank of Italy Regulations with regard, inter alia, to the definition of 
(i) the criteria for the assessment of the eligible assets and the conditions for including covered bonds 
among eligible assets for derivative contracts with hedging purposes; (ii) the procedures for 
calculating hedging requirements; (iii) the conditions for establishing new issuance programmes; (iv) 
giving the possibility also to banks with credit rating 3 to act as counterparties of a derivative contract 
with hedging purposes; (v) the reduction of the minimum level of over-collateralization for covered 
bonds (i.e. 2% instead of 5%), deciding not to exercise such optionality (vi) the conditions for issuing 
under already existing programme as of the date of the entry into force of the Implementing 
Provisions. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, given the novelty above provisions and the recent amendments 
to the Bank of Italy Regulations and Law 130, the new legislative framework has not yet been tested 
and thus possible uncertainties of interpretation may arise. Accordingly, there is a risk that certain 
changes may need to be reflected in the Programme (including the Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds) in order for it to continue to be compliant with the Regulation. Prospective investors 
should therefore inform themselves of the above legal changes, in addition to any other regulatory 
requirements applicable to their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
Moreover, in the event of any change in the law and/or tax regulations and/or their official 
interpretations after the date hereof, the performance of the Covered Bonds and the ratings (if any) 
assigned to the Covered Bonds may be affected. In addition, it should be noted that regulatory 
requirements may be recast or amended and there can be no assurance that any such changes will not 
adversely affect the compliance position of any transaction described in this Base Prospectus or of any 
party and perspective investors under any applicable law or regulation, nor can any assurance be 
given as to whether any such changes could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds or the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee. Any such change could adversely impact the value of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 54 ---
- 44 - 
 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible change to Italian or English law (or any 
other relevant law) or administrative practice or to the law applicable to any Programme Document 
and to administrative practices in the relevant jurisdiction.  
Controls over the transaction 
The Bank of Italy Regulations require that certain controls be performed by the Issuer (also in its 
capacity as Seller), aimed, inter alia, at mitigating the risk that any obligation of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor under the Covered Bonds is not complied with. Whilst the Issuer (also in its capacity as 
Seller) believes it has implemented the appropriate policies and controls in compliance with the 
relevant requirements, investors should note that there is no assurance that such compliance ensures 
that the aforesaid payment obligations are actually performed and that any failure to properly 
implement the relevant policies and controls could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’ or the 
Guarantor’s ability to perform their obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Covered Bonds 
linked to such "benchmarks" 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other indices which are deemed to be 
"benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on any Covered Bonds linked to such a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain 
transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark 
and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. 
The Benchmark Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks 
Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark 
and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised 
entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by Financial Conduct Authority (the 
"FCA") or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised 
or endorsed). The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, 
could have a material impact on any Covered Bonds linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate 
or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to 
comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, 
and such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. 
The euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst 
other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback 
provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-
free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and 
fallback rates.

--- Page 55 ---
- 45 - 
 
For example, the terms and conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
Benchmark Event occurs, including if a published benchmark, such as EURIBOR, and any page on 
which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service) becomes unavailable, or if the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to 
calculate interest on any Covered Bonds by reference to such benchmark under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation or otherwise. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest 
could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate, with or without an adjustment 
spread and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds to ensure the 
proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by an independent 
adviser or the Issuer. An adjustment spread, if applied could be positive or negative or zero and would 
be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the 
replacement of a benchmark. However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an adjustment 
spread and even if an adjustment is applied, such adjustment spread may not be effective to reduce or 
eliminate economic prejudice to investors. If no adjustment spread can be determined, a successor rate 
or alternative rate may nonetheless be used to determine the rate of interest. The use of a successor 
rate or alternative rate (including with the application of an adjustment spread) will still result in any 
Covered Bond linked to or referencing a benchmark performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower rate of interest) than they would if the benchmark were to continue to apply in its 
current form. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer is unable to appoint an independent 
adviser or the independent adviser appointed by it fails to determine a successor rate or an alternative 
rate, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the rate of interest for a particular Interest 
Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may 
result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Covered Bonds based on the rate 
which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning 
the availability of successor rates and alternative rates and the involvement of an independent adviser, 
there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Covered Bonds. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or 
existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet their obligations 
under the Floating Rate Covered Bonds or could have a material adverse effect on the value or 
liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Covered Bonds. Investors should 
consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be 
supported going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done in the 
past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have (without 
limitation) the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to a "benchmark"; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the "benchmarks" and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the "benchmark". 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national 
reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any Covered Bonds linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) 
upon, a "benchmark". 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national and 
the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of the Covered Bonds, 
investigations and licensing issues in making any investment decision with respect to the Covered 
Bonds linked to or referencing such a "benchmark".

--- Page 56 ---
- 46 - 
 
Covered Bonds issued, if any, as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or "Sustainability Bonds" may 
not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets or social assets or 
sustainable assets 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Covered Bonds under the Programme 
described as "green bonds" (Green Bonds), "social bonds" (Social Bonds) and "sustainability bonds" 
(Sustainability Bonds) in accordance with the Issuer' Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section of this Base Prospectus), the principles set 
out by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) (respectively, the Green Bond Principles 
(GBP), the Social Bond Principles (SBP) and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (SBG)).  
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out at “Reasons for the 
offer, net amount of proceeds and total expenses” in the applicable Final Terms and must determine 
for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in the Covered 
Bonds together with any other investigation such investors deem necessary, and must assess the 
suitability of that investment in light of their own circumstances. In particular, no assurance is given 
by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) that the use of such proceeds for the funding of any green 
asset or social asset or combination of any green and social asset, as the case may be, will satisfy, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations (including, amongst others, Regulation 
(EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU 
Taxonomy Regulation”) and the sustainable finance Taxonomy Regulation delegated acts for 
climate change adaptation and mitigation objectives (the “EU Taxonomy Regulation Delegated 
Acts”) approved in principle by the EU Commission on 21 April 2021 and formally adopted on 4 
June 2021 (the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the EU Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts, jointly, 
the “EU Taxonomy Framework”) standards (including any standard resulting from the EU Green 
Bond Standard (as defined below)) or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or 
social impact of any assets or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Eligible Green Assets or 
Eligible Social Assets). On 9 December 2021, a first delegated act on sustainable activities for climate 
change mitigation and adaptation objectives was published in the Official Journal and is applicable 
from 1 January 2022. On 6 July 2021 the European Commission adopted delegated act supplementing 
Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation (“Disclosure Delegated Act”) which was then published in 
the Official Journal on 10 December 2021 and is applicable since January 2022. This delegated act 
specifies the content, methodology and presentation of information to be disclosed by financial and 
non-financial undertakings concerning the proportion of environmentally sustainable economic 
activities in their business, investments or lending activities. On 9 March 2022, the European 
Commission adopted a complementary climate delegated act (the "Climate Delegated Act") 
including, under strict conditions, specific nuclear and gas energy activities in the list of economic 
activities covered by the EU Taxonomy Regulation. It was published in the Official Journal on 15 
July 2022 and is applicable from January 2023. The criteria for the specific gas and nuclear activities 
are in line with EU climate and environmental objectives and will help accelerate the shift from solid 
or liquid fossil fuels, including coal, towards a climate-neutral future. On 21 November 2023, a 
delegated act and annexes containing the technical screening criteria of the remaining four 
environmental objectives and the amendments to the Disclosure Delegated Act were published in the 
Official Journal; on the same day, a delegated act amending the Climate Delegated Act, was published 
in the Official Journal. 
On 18 June 2019, the Commission Technical Expert Group on sustainable finance published its final 
report on a future European standard for green bonds (the “EU Green Bond Standard”). In the 
context of the public consultation on the renewed sustainable finance strategy, the European 
Commission launched a targeted consultation on the establishment of an EU Green Bond Standard,

--- Page 57 ---
- 47 - 
 
that builds and consults on the work of the Commission Technical Expert Group, and has run between 
12 June and 2 October 2020. On 19 October 2020, the European Commission published the 
Commission Work Programme 2021, in which expressed the intention to deliver a legislative proposal 
by the end of the second quarter of 2021. On 6 July 2021, the European Commission officially 
adopted a legislative proposal for a EU Green Bond Standard setting out four main requirements: (i) 
allocation of the funds raised by the green bond should be made in compliance with the EU 
Taxonomy (as defined above); (ii) full transparency on the allocation of the green bond proceeds; (iii) 
monitoring and compliance activities to be carried out by an external reviewer; and (iv) registration of 
external reviewers with the ESMA and subject to its supervision. The European Commission, the 
European Council and the European Parliament entered into trilogue negotiations and reached a 
provisional agreement on 28 February 2023 on the legislative proposal for an EU Green Bond 
Standard introducing a voluntary standard. On 10 May 2023, a version of the regulation adopted by 
the legislative bodies of the European Union was published. Finally, on 30 November 2023, the EU 
Green Bond Standard regulation was published in the Official Journal, it entered into force on 20 
December 2023 and will apply from 21 December 2024 (the “EU Green Bond Standard 
Regulation”). 
The Covered Bonds issued, as Green Bonds, under this Programme may not at any time be eligible for 
the Issuer to be entitled to use the designation of "European Green Bond" or "EuGB" nor is the Issuer 
under any obligation to take steps to have any such green bonds become eligible for such designation. 
Moreover, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly established definition (legal, regulatory 
or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, respectively "green" or a "social" or a 
"sustainable" asset or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular asset to be defined as 
"green" or "social" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label. The EU Taxonomy Regulation is 
nevertheless subject to further developments and any further EU Taxonomy Regulation delegated act 
may furthermore evolve over time with changes to the scope of activities and other amendments to 
reflect technological progress, resulting in regular review of the relating screening criteria.  
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any green or social asset, as the case 
may be, towards which proceeds of the Covered Bonds are to be applied, will meet the investor 
expectations regarding such "green" or "social" performance objectives (including those set out under 
the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond 
Standard Regulation, SFDR and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar 
legislation in the United Kingdom) or that any adverse social, green, sustainable and/or other impacts 
will not occur during the implementation of any green or social or combination of any green and 
social asset. Further, no assurance can be given that Covered Bonds issued as Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will meet investor expectations or requirements regarding such 
"green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including in relation to the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, SFDR), and 
any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom or any 
requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to time. Any Green Bonds issued under the 
Programme will not be compliant with the EU Green Bond Standard Regulation and are only intended 
to comply with the requirements and processes in the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework. It is not clear if the establishment of the "European Green Bond" or "EuGB" label and the 
optional disclosures regime for bonds issued as "environmentally sustainable" under the EU Green 
Bond Standard Regulation could have an impact on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of 
proceeds bonds that do not comply with the requirements of the EuGB label or the optional 
disclosures regime, such as the Green Bonds issued under this Programme. It could result in reduced 
liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise affect the market price of any Green Bonds issued under 
this Programme that do not comply with the standards under the EU Green Bond Standard 
Regulation. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of Social Bonds, 
Green Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable

--- Page 58 ---
- 48 - 
 
Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the green, social or combination of any green and social 
assets (either resulting from the original application of the proceeds of the Covered Bonds or a 
subsequent reallocation of such proceeds), as the case may be, will be capable of being implemented 
in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly 
the proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be totally or 
partially disbursed for such assets. Nor can there be any assurance that such green, social or 
combination of any green and social assets will be completed within any specified period or at all or 
with the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer, or that the originally 
designated green, social or combination of any green and social asset (or any asset(s) resulting from 
any subsequent reallocation of some or all of the proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds) will not be disqualified as such. 
The Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework may be subject to review and change and may 
be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any 
subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. A withdrawal of 
the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework may affect the value of such Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in green or social or sustainable assets. The Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework and the relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding its 
purchase of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds before deciding to invest. The 
Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework may be subject to review and change and may be 
amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent 
version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. The Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base 
Prospectus. 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or 
certification of any third party relating to any Green/Social/Sustainability Bonds 
Furthermore, it should be noted that in connection with the issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and 
Sustainability Bonds, the Issuer may request an external provider to issue a second-party opinion 
confirming that the relevant green and/or social and/or combination of any green and social asset, as 
the case may be have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green, 
social and combination of any green and social assets set out in the GBP, the SBP and the SBG and/or 
a second-party opinion regarding the suitability of the Covered Bonds as an investment in connection 
with certain environmental, sustainability or social assets (any such second-party opinion, including 
the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework Second Party Opinion (as defined in the "Use 
of Proceeds" section of this Base Prospectus), a "Second-party Opinion").  
A Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, 
market, additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the 
Covered Bonds or the assets financed or refinanced toward an amount corresponding the net proceeds 
of the relevant issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. A Second-party Opinion 
would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the relevant Green Bonds or Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds and would only be current as of the date it is released. The criteria and/or 
considerations that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or 
certification may change at any time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn at any time. A withdrawal of the Second-party Opinion may 
affect the value of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and/or may have 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or social or sustainable

--- Page 59 ---
- 49 - 
 
assets. No representation or assurance is given as to the suitability or reliability of any Second-party 
Opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Covered 
Bonds issued as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or "Sustainability Bonds". For the avoidance of 
doubt, any such Second-party Opinion or certification is not incorporated in this Base Prospectus. Any 
such Second-party Opinion or certification is not a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the 
Dealer(s) or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Covered Bonds and is current only as of the 
date it was issued. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of any such Second-party 
Opinion and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such Second-party Opinion 
or certification and/or the information contained therein. 
No assurance that Green/Social/Sustainability Bonds will be admitted to trading on any dedicated 
"green", "sustainable", "social" (or similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, or that any 
admission obtained will be maintained 
In the event that any such Covered Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities 
market, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or any other 
person that such listing or admission satisfies any present or future investment criteria or guidelines 
with which such investor is required, or intends, to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the 
criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities 
market to another. No representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the 
Dealer(s) or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect 
of any such Covered Bonds or that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during 
the life of the Covered Bonds. 
No breach of contract or Event of Default 
None of a failure by the Issuer to: allocate the proceeds of any Covered Bonds issued as Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds or to comply with their reporting obligations; or to obtain any 
assessment, opinion or certification, including the Second-party Opinion in relation to Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds; or any actual or potential maturity mismatch between the green, 
social or sustainable asset(s) towards which proceeds of the Covered Bonds may have been applied 
and the relevant Covered Bonds; or the failure of the Covered Bonds issued as Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds to meet investors' expectations or requirements regarding such "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or similar labels will: (i) give rise to any claim of a Bondholder against the 
Issuer; (ii) constitute an Issuer Event of Default under the relevant Covered Bonds or result in the 
acceleration of the Covered Bonds; (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Covered 
Bonds or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional 
redemption rights in respect of any Covered Bonds; or (iv) have any impact on the status of the 
Covered Bonds as indicated in Condition 3(a) (Status of the Covered Bonds) of the Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds. 
The performance of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds is not linked to the 
performance of the relevant Eligible Assets or the performance of the Issuer in respect of any 
environmental or similar targets. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of any Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds nor any amount equal to such proceeds will be 
segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other assets. Payments of principal, interest and the 
operation of any other features (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds shall not depend on the performance of the relevant asset nor have any preferred 
or any other right against the green, social or sustainable assets towards which proceeds of the 
Covered Bonds are to be applied. 
Any event described above or failure to apply the proceeds of the issue of the Covered Bonds for any 
green, social or combination of any green and social assets as aforesaid may have a material adverse

--- Page 60 ---
- 50 - 
 
effect on the value of the Covered Bonds and/or result in adverse consequences for, amongst others, 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. Any 
failure by the Issuer to comply with their reporting obligations in relation to Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, as applicable, will not constitute an Issuer Event of Default under the 
relevant Covered Bonds. 
European Covered Bond (premium) Label 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus are intended to be labelled as “European 
Covered Bond (Premium)”, as set out in Article 7-viciesbis of Title I-bis of Law 130, provided that 
the Covered Bonds are in compliance with Law 130, the Bank of Italy Regulations and Article 129 of 
the CRR. Given that the labelling of the Covered Bonds as “European Covered Bond (Premium)” 
depends on the fulfilment of legal requirements under Law 130, the Bank of Italy Regulations and 
Article 129 of the CRR, investors should consider, amongst other things, any regulatory impacts when 
deciding whether or not to purchase any Covered Bonds and assess autonomously the compliance of 
the Covered Bonds with the applicable regulatory framework.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the assets that comprise the Cover Pool (including, 
without limitation, whether such assets comply with Article 129(1) of the CRR) nor as to any label 
assigned to any Series of Covered Bonds (including, without limitation, where such Covered Bonds 
are labelled as “European Covered Bond (Premium)”. Furthermore, no assurance is given whether 
Covered Bonds labelled as European Covered Bond (Premium) will continue to maintain such label 
even after their issuance. 
Risks related to the Guarantor 
Guarantor only obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts when they are Due for Payment 
Following service of an Issuer Event of Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor, under the 
terms of the Guarantee the Guarantor will only be obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts as and when 
the same are Due for Payment on each Payment Date, provided that, in the case of any amounts 
representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid as at the original Maturity Date, 
the Guarantor may pay such amounts on any Guarantor Payment Date thereafter, up to (and including) 
the Extended Maturity Date. Such Guaranteed Amounts will be paid subject to and in accordance with 
the Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments or the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, as 
applicable. In such circumstances, the Guarantor will not be obliged to pay any other amounts in 
respect of the Covered Bonds which become payable for any other reason. 
Subject to any grace period, if the Guarantor fails to make a payment when Due for Payment under 
the Guarantee or any other Guarantor Event of Default occurs, then the Representative of the 
Bondholders will accelerate the obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee by service of a 
Guarantor Event of Default Notice, whereupon the Representative of the Bondholders will have a 
claim under the Guarantee for an amount equal to the Guaranteed Amounts. Following service of a 
Guarantor Event of Default Notice, the amounts due from the Guarantor shall be applied by the 
Representative of the Bondholders in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, 
and Bondholders will receive amounts from the Guarantor on an accelerated basis. If a Guarantor 
Event of Default Notice is served on the Guarantor then the Covered Bonds may be repaid sooner or 
later than expected or not at all. 
In accordance with Law 130, prior to and following a winding up of the Guarantor and an Issuer 
Event of Default causing the Guarantee to be called or Guarantor Event of Default, proceeds of the 
Cover Pool paid to the Guarantor will be exclusively available for the purpose of satisfying the 
obligations owed to the Bondholders, to the Other Guarantor Creditors and to any other creditors

--- Page 61 ---
- 51 - 
 
exclusively in satisfaction of the transaction costs of the Programme. The Cover Pool may not be 
seized or attached in any form by creditors of the Guarantor other than the entities referred to above, 
until full discharge by the Guarantor of its payment obligations under the Guarantee or cancellation 
thereof.  
Limited resources available to the Guarantor 
Following the service of an Issuer Event of Default Notice on the Issuer and on the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Bondholders will enforce the Guarantee. Upon enforcement of the Guarantee, 
the Guarantor will be under an obligation to pay the Bondholders and shall procure the payment of the 
Guaranteed Amounts when they are Due for Payment. The Guarantor's ability to meet its obligations 
under the Guarantee will depend on (a) the amount of interest and principal generated by the Cover 
Pool and the timing thereof, (b) amounts received from the Swap Providers and (c) the proceeds of 
any Eligible Investments. In case necessary in order to effect timely payments under the Covered 
Bonds, the Guarantor shall sell Selected Assets in accordance with the provision of Cover Pool 
Management Agreement (in this respect please refer to section “Risk Factors – Sale of the Eligible 
Assets, the Top-Up Assets and the Liquid Assets following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default”). Other than as set out above, the Guarantor will not have any other source of funds available 
to meet its obligations under the Guarantee. 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs and the Guarantee is enforced, the proceeds of enforcement 
may not be sufficient to meet the claims of all the secured creditors, including the Bondholders. If, 
following enforcement and realization of the assets in the Cover Pool, creditors have not received the 
full amount due to them pursuant to the terms of the Programme Documents, then they may still have 
an unsecured claim against the Issuer for the shortfall. There is no guarantee that the Issuer will have 
sufficient funds to pay that shortfall. 
Each Other Guarantor Creditor has undertaken in the Intercreditor Agreement not to petition or 
commence proceedings for a declaration of insolvency (nor join any such petition or proceedings) 
against the Guarantor at least until one year and one day after the date on which all Series of Covered 
Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance 
with their Conditions and the relevant final Terms.  
Reliance of the Guarantor on third parties 
The Guarantor has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have agreed to 
perform services for the Guarantor. In particular, but without limitation, the Servicer has been 
appointed to service Mortgage Receivables in the Portfolios sold to the Guarantor and the Test 
Calculation Agent has been appointed to calculate compliance with the Tests and the Asset Monitor 
has been appointed to monitor compliance with the Tests. In the event that any of these parties fails to 
perform its obligations under the relevant agreement to which it is a party, the realisable value of the 
Cover Pool or any part thereof or pending such realization (if the Cover Pool or any part thereof 
cannot be sold) the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Guarantee may be affected. 
For instance, if the Servicer has failed to administer the Mortgage Loans adequately, this may lead to 
higher incidences of non-payment or default by Debtors. The Guarantor is also reliant on the Swap 
Providers to provide it with the funds matching its obligations under the Guarantee, as described in 
the following two investment considerations. 
The ability of the Guarantor to make payments in respect of the Covered Bonds, where applicable, 
will depend upon the due performance by the parties to the Programme Documents of their respective 
various obligations under the Programme Documents to which they are each a party. In particular, 
without limitation, the punctual payment of amounts due on the Covered Bonds will depend on the 
ability of the Servicer to service the Cover Pool, the Swap Providers complying with their obligation

--- Page 62 ---
- 52 - 
 
under the relevant Swap Agreement and the continued availability of hedging under the relevant 
Swaps Agreement. The performance of such parties of their respective obligations under the relevant 
Programme Documents is dependent on the solvency of each relevant party. In each case, the 
performance by the Guarantor of its obligations under the Programme Documents is also dependent 
on the solvency of, inter alios, the Servicer and the Swap Providers. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement, if any event or 
circumstance occurs which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making 
of any determination under the Servicing Agreement or any combination of any of the foregoing) give 
rise to a Servicer Termination Event, the Guarantor shall appoint a Back-up Servicer (subject to 
consultation with the Representative of the Bondholders and prior notice to the Rating Agencies) 
within 30 calendar days from the date on which the relevant event or circumstance has occurred. If a 
Servicer Termination Event occurs pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, then the 
Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Bondholders will be entitled to terminate the appointment 
of the Servicer and the role of Servicer will be undertaken by the Back-up Servicer or any other 
substitute servicer. There can be no assurance that a Back-up Servicer or other substitute servicer with 
sufficient experience of administering mortgages of residential or commercial properties would be 
found who would be willing and able to service the Mortgage Loan on the terms of the Servicing 
Agreement. The ability of the Back-up Servicer or other substitute servicer to perform fully the 
required services would depend, inter alia, on the information, software and records available at the 
time of the appointment. Any delay or inability to appoint the Back-up Servicer or other substitute 
servicer may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof, and/or the ability of the 
Guarantor to make payments under the Guarantee. 
The Servicer has no obligation to advance payments if the Debtors fail to make any payments in a 
timely fashion. Bondholders will have no right to consent to or approve of any actions taken by the 
Servicer under the Servicing Agreement. 
The Representative of the Bondholders is not obliged in any circumstances to act as the Servicer or to 
monitor the performance by the Servicer of its obligations. 
Reliance on Swap Providers 
To hedge against possible variations in the performance between the various indexations in the Cover 
Pool and Euribor with a certain designated maturity, the Guarantor may enter into one or more Asset 
Swap Agreements with one or more Asset Swap Providers. In addition, to mitigate against interest 
rate, basis risk, currency and/or other risks in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme, the Guarantor is expected to enter into one or more Covered Bond Swap Agreements 
with one or more Covered Bond Swap Providers in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds. 
If the Guarantor fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any Swap Agreement, then it 
will (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement) have defaulted under that Swap 
Agreement. A Swap Provider is (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement) only 
obliged to make payments to the Guarantor as long as the Guarantor complies with its payment 
obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement.  
In circumstances where non-payment by the Guarantor under a Swap Agreement does not result in a 
default under that Swap Agreement, the Swap Provider may be obliged to make payments to the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Swap Agreement as if payment had been made by the Guarantor. Any 
amounts not paid by the Guarantor to a Swap Provider may in such circumstances incur additional 
amounts of interest by the Guarantor, which would rank senior to amounts due on the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 63 ---
- 53 - 
 
If a Swap Provider is not obliged to make payments or if it defaults in its obligations to make 
payments under the relevant Swap Agreement, the Guarantor may be exposed to changes in the 
relevant currency exchange rates to Euro and to any changes in the relevant rates of interest. In 
addition, subject to the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds not being adversely affected, the 
Guarantor may mitigate only part of the possible risk and, in such circumstances, may have 
insufficient funds to meet its payment obligations, including under the Covered Bonds or the 
Guarantee. 
If a Swap Agreement terminates, then the Guarantor may be obliged to make a termination payment 
to the relevant Swap Provider. There can be no assurance that the Guarantor will have sufficient funds 
available to make a termination payment under the relevant Swap Agreement, nor can there be any 
assurance that the Guarantor will be able to enter into a replacement swap agreement with an 
adequately rated counterparty, or if one is entered into, that the credit rating of such replacement swap 
provider will remain sufficiently high to prevent a downgrade by the Rating Agencies of the then 
current ratings of the Covered Bonds. In addition the Swap Agreements may provide that 
notwithstanding the downgrading of a Swap Provider and the failure by such Swap Provider to take 
the remedial action set out in the relevant Swap Agreement, the Guarantor may not terminate such 
Swap Agreement until a replacement swap provider has been found. 
Following the service of an Issuer Event of Default Notice, payments (other than principal payments) 
by the Guarantor (including any termination payment other than any Excluded Swap Termination 
Payment) under the Covered Bond Swap Agreements and Asset Swap Agreements will rank pari 
passu and pro rata to interest amounts due on the Covered Bonds under the Guarantee. Accordingly, 
the obligation to pay a termination payment may adversely affect the ability of the Guarantor to meet 
its obligations under the Covered Bonds or the Guarantee.  
Differences in timings of obligations under the Covered Bond Swaps 
It is expected that the Guarantor will pay under the Covered Bond Swap Agreements, on a quarterly 
basis, on each Guarantor Payment Date a fixed rate or a floating rate option such as, for Series of 
Covered Bonds denominated in Euro, a floating rate linked to EURIBOR. Each Covered Bond Swap 
Provider is expected to make corresponding swap payments to the Guarantor on the Interest Payment 
Date of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, which could be monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or 
annual. 
Due to the mis-match in timing of payments under the Covered Bond Swap Agreements, on many 
Guarantor Payment Dates, the Guarantor will be required to make a payment to the Covered Bond 
Swap Provider without receiving a payment in return and therefore there can be no netting of 
payments except on the date when the Covered Bond Swap Provider is required to make a payment to 
the Guarantor. 
No gross up on withholding tax by the Guarantor 
In respect of payments made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee, to the extent that the Guarantor is 
required by law to withhold or deduct any present or future taxes of any kind imposed or levied by or 
on behalf of the Republic of Italy from such payments, the Guarantor will not be under an obligation 
to pay any additional amounts to Bondholders, irrespective of whether such withholding or deduction 
arises from existing legislation or its application or interpretation as at the relevant Issue Date or from 
changes in such legislation, application or official interpretation after the Issue Date. 
There is no authority directly on point regarding the Italian tax regime of payments made by an Italian 
resident Guarantor under the Guarantee. For further details see the section entitled "Taxation".

--- Page 64 ---
- 54 - 
 
VAT Group 
 
Italian Law no. 232 of 11 December 2016 (the 2017 Budget Law) has introduced new rules relating 
to VAT groups (articles from 70-bis to 70-duodecies of Presidential Decree no. 633 of 26 October 
1972) which, if so elected by an entity, apply from 1 January 2019. Pursuant to such rules, all entities 
included in the relevant VAT group are jointly and severally liable to the Italian Tax Authority for any 
VAT payments due by all members of the VAT group. 
On 31 October 2018, the Italian Tax Authority has issued a circular letter whereby it has specified that 
funds, as pools of segregated assets, would be liable only for the VAT payment obligations 
specifically related to their assets. With ruling No. 487 of 15 November 2019, the Italian Revenue 
Agency confirmed that the same principle would also apply to Italian companies incorporated 
pursuant to Article 7-bis of the Italian Securitisation Law, such as the Guarantor, where the company 
itself would be jointly liable for VAT liabilities of the VAT group to which it belongs, although such 
joint liability would not apply to the securitised pool of asset segregated for the purposes of the 
Guarantee. Considering the brief guidelines and the absence of case law, it is still not entirely clear to 
what extent such limitation would apply in practice. 
 
Credem has opted into the new VAT regime introduced by the 2017 Budget Law in respect of the 
Issuer’s group (including the Guarantor) with effect from 1 January 2019. Pending further 
clarification on the scope of application of the new rules, the Issuer has undertaken to hold harmless 
and indemnify on demand the Guarantor for any costs, expenses, liabilities and other charges which 
the Guarantor may incur as a result of its participation in the VAT group. 
Change of counterparties 
The parties to the Programme Documents who receive and hold monies pursuant to the terms of such 
documents (such as the Account Bank or the Servicer) are required to satisfy certain criteria in order 
to continue to receive and hold such monies. 
These criteria include, inter alia, requirements in relation to the short-term and long-term 
unguaranteed and unsecured ratings ascribed to such party by the Rating Agencies. If the party 
concerned ceases to satisfy the ratings criteria, then the rights and obligations of that party (including 
the right or obligation to receive monies, or to effect payments, on behalf of the Guarantor) may be 
required to be transferred to another entity which does satisfy the applicable criteria. In these 
circumstances, the terms agreed with the replacement entity may not be as favourable as those agreed 
with the original party pursuant to the Programme Documents. 
In addition, should the applicable criteria cease to be satisfied, then the parties to the relevant 
Programme Document may agree to amend or waive certain of the terms of such document, including 
the applicable criteria, in order to avoid the need for a replacement entity to be appointed. The consent 
of Bondholders may not be required in relation to such amendments and/or waivers. 
Risks related to the underlying 
Limits to Integration 
The integration of the Cover Pool, whether through Eligible Assets and/or Top-Up Assets and/or 
through Liquid Assets, shall be carried out in accordance with the methods, and subject to the limits, 
set out in the Law 130, the Bank of Italy Regulation and in the article 129 of the CRR.  
More specifically, integration is allowed exclusively for the purpose of (a) complying with the tests 
provided for under the article 7-undecies of Law 130; (b) complying with the liquidity buffer 
requirements provided for under the article 7-duodecies of Law 130; (c) complying with statutory

--- Page 65 ---
- 55 - 
 
overcollateralization requirements provided for under the article 129, paragraph 3a, of the CRR; (d) 
complying with any contractual overcollateralization requirements agreed by the parties to the 
relevant agreements or (e) complying with the exposure limit set forth under article 129, paragraph 1, 
letters (a), (b), (c) and (d) of the CRR.  
Investors should note that integration is not allowed in circumstances other than as set out in Law 130, 
the Bank of Italy Regulations and the article 129 of the CRR and specified above. 
Limited description of the Cover Pool 
Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Eligible Assets,Top-
Up Assets and Liquid Assets in the Cover Pool, because it is expected that the constitution of the 
Cover Pool will frequently change due to, for instance: 
• 
the Issuer selling further Eligible Assets,Top-Up Assets and Liquid Assets (or Eligible Assets, 
Top-Up Assets and Liquid Assets, which are of a type that have not previously been 
comprised in the Cover Pool) to the Guarantor; and 
• 
the Issuer repurchasing certain Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and Liquid Assets in 
accordance with the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
However, each Mortgage Receivables will be required to meet the Eligibility Criteria and to conform 
with the representations and warranties set out in the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement — see 
"Description of the Programme Documents — Warranty and Indemnity Agreement". In addition 
Mandatory tests are intended to ensure, inter alia, that the ratio of the Guarantor's assets to the 
Covered Bonds is maintained at a certain minimum level and the Test Calculation Agent will provide 
on each Calculation Date a report that will set out, inter alia, certain information in relation to the 
Mandatory Tests. 
Sale of the Eligible Assets, the Top-Up Assets and the Liquid Assets following the occurrence of an 
Issuer Event of Default 
Following an Issuer Event of Default Notice (other than in respect of an Issuer Event of Default 
consisting of an Article 74 Event whose suspension of payments is in force prior to an Extension 
Determination Date where the payments of the unpaid amounts due by the Guarantor in respect of a 
Series of Covered Bonds have been postponed to the relevant Extension Maturity Date), the 
Guarantor shall, if necessary in order to effect timely payments under the Covered Bonds, sell the 
Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and Liquid Assets (selected on a random basis) included in the Cover 
Pool in order to make payments to the Guarantor's creditors including making payments under the 
Guarantee, see "Description of the Programme Documents - Cover Pool Management Agreement". 
There is no guarantee that a buyer will be found to acquire the Eligible Assets, the Top-Up Assets and 
the Liquid Assets at the times required and there can be no guarantee or assurance as to the price 
which may be obtained for such Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and Liquid Assets, which may affect 
payments under the Guarantee. However, the Eligible Assets, the Top-Up Assets and Liquid Assets 
may not be sold by the Guarantor for less than an amount equal to the Adjusted Required Outstanding 
Principal Balance Amount (for the definition, see section "Description of the Programme Documents 
- The Cover Pool Management Agreement" below) for the relevant Series of Covered Bonds until six 
months prior to the Maturity Date in respect of such Series of Covered Bonds or (if the same is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) the Extended Maturity Date under the Guarantee 
in respect of such Series of Covered Bonds. In the six months prior to, as applicable, the Maturity 
Date or Extended Maturity Date, the Guarantor is obliged to sell the Eligible Assets, the Top-Up 
Assets and Liquid Assets for the best price reasonably available on the market, notwithstanding that 
such price may be less than the Adjusted Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount.

--- Page 66 ---
- 56 - 
 
On a basis intended to achieve the best price for the sale of the selected Eligible Assets, Top-Up 
Assets and Liquid Assets, the Guarantor, pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement, shall 
appoint a Portfolio Manager of recognised standing who will advise the Guarantor and provide it with 
the necessary instruction to proceed to the sale of such Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and Liquid 
Assets. 
Liquidation of assets following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs and a Guarantor Event of Default Notice is served on the 
Guarantor, then the Representative of the Bondholders will be entitled to enforce the Guarantee and 
use the proceeds from the liquidation of the Cover Pool towards payment of all secured obligations in 
accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments described in the section entitled 
"Cashflows" below.  
There is no guarantee that the proceeds of the liquidation of the Cover Pool will be in an amount 
sufficient to repay all amounts due to creditors (including the Bondholders) under the Covered Bonds 
and the Programme Documents. If a Guarantor Event of Default Notice is served on the Guarantor 
then the Covered Bonds may be repaid sooner or later than expected or not at all.  
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or the ability of the Guarantor to 
make payments under the Guarantee 
Following the service of an Issuer Event of Default Notice on the Issuer and on the Guarantor, the 
realisable value of the Eligible Assets and the Top-Up Assets comprised in the Cover Pool, or the net 
proceeds arising out of their liquidation, may be reduced (which may affect the ability of the 
Guarantor to make payments under the Guarantee) by inter alia: 
• 
default by Debtors in the payment of amounts due on the Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and 
Liquid Assets; 
• 
changes to the lending criteria of the Issuer; 
• 
set-off risks in relation to some types of Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and Liquid Assets in 
the Cover Pool; 
• 
limited recourse to the Guarantor; 
• 
possible regulatory changes by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB and other regulatory authorities; 
• 
adverse movements in interest rates; 
• 
unwinding cost related to the hedging structure; 
• 
timing of a relevant sale of assets; 
• 
regulations in Italy that could lead to some terms of the Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and 
Liquid Assets being unenforceable; and 
• 
status of real estate market in the areas of operation of the Issuer. 
Some of these factors are considered in more detail below. However, it should be noted that the 
Mandatory Tests, the Amortisation Test, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Minimum OC 
Requirement and the Eligibility Criteria are intended to ensure that there will be an adequate amount 
of Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and /or Liquid Assets in the Cover Pool to enable the Guarantor to 
repay the Covered Bonds following the service of an Issuer Event of Default Notice on the Issuer and

--- Page 67 ---
- 57 - 
 
on the Guarantor and accordingly it is expected (although there is no assurance) that assets comprised 
in the Cover Pool could be realised for sufficient values to enable the Guarantor to meet its 
obligations under the Guarantee. 
No due diligence on the Cover Pool  
None of the Dealers, the Guarantor or the Representative of the Bondholders or any Other Guarantor 
Creditors, with the exception of the Seller, has undertaken or will undertake any investigations, 
searches or other actions in respect of any of the Eligible Assets or other Mortgage Receivables. 
Instead, the Guarantor will rely on the Criteria and the relevant representations and warranties given 
by the Seller in the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. The remedy provided for in the Warranty 
and Indemnity Agreement for breach of representation or warranty is for the Seller to indemnify and 
hold harmless the Guarantor in respect of losses arising from such breach. Such obligations are not 
guaranteed by nor will they be the responsibility of any person other than the Seller and neither the 
Guarantor nor the Representative of the Bondholders will have recourse to any other person in the 
event that the Seller, for whatever reason, fails to meet such obligations. However, pursuant to the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement the assets which are not Eligible Assets comprised in the Cover 
Pool are excluded by the calculation of the Test on the Portfolio and in case of breach of the Test due 
to such exclusion, either the Seller or, failing the Seller to do so, the Issuer are obliged to integrate the 
Cover Pool. 
Maintenance of the Cover Pool 
Pursuant to the terms of the Master Assets Purchase Agreement, the Seller has agreed to transfer 
Subsequent Portfolios to the Guarantor and the Guarantor has agreed to purchase Subsequent 
Portfolios in order to ensure that the Cover Pool is in compliance with the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount and/or the Exposure Assets Limit. The Initial Portfolio Purchase Price shall be funded 
through the proceeds of the first Drawdown under the Subordinated Loan Agreement and the 
Subsequent Portfolio Purchase Price will be funded through (A) (i) any Guarantor Available Funds 
available in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments; and (ii) to the 
extent the Guarantor Available Funds are not sufficient to pay the relevant Subsequent Portfolio 
Purchase Price, the proceeds of further drawdowns under the Subordinated Loan Agreement, for an 
amount equal to the portion of the Subsequent Portfolio Purchase Price not paid in accordance with 
item (i); (B) in certain circumstances, entirely by means of Drawdowns under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, in accordance with the provisions of the Master Assets Purchase Agreement and the 
Subordinate Loan Agreement. 
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Issuer has undertaken to ensure that 
the Cover Pool is in compliance with, inter alia, the Tests on each Calculation Date (and, to the extent 
that on any such Calculation Date any of such Tests was breached, on any following Test Calculation 
Date until the end of the relevant Test Remedy Period). If on any Calculation Date or Test Calculation 
Date, as the case may be, the Cover Pool is not in compliance with the Tests, then the Guarantor will 
require the Seller to grant further Drawdowns under the Subordinated Loan Agreement for the 
purposes of funding the purchase of Subsequent Portfolios, Top-Up Assets, other Eligible Assets 
and/or Liquid Assets, representing an amount sufficient to allow the Tests to be met on the Test 
Calculation Date falling at the end of the relevant Test Grace Period. If the Cover Pool is not in 
compliance with the Tests on such Test Calculation Date, the Representative of the Bondholders will 
serve a Breach of Test Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor. The Representative of the Bondholders 
shall revoke the Breach of Test Notice if, on or prior to the expiry of the Test Remedy Period, the 
Tests are subsequently satisfied unless any other Segregation Event has occurred and is outstanding 
and without prejudice to the obligation of the Representative of the Bondholders to serve a Breach of 
Test Notice in the future. If, following the delivery of a Breach of Test Notice, the Tests are not met 
on, or prior to, the expiry of the Test Remedy Period, the Representative of the Bondholders will 
serve an Issuer Event of Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor, unless a Programme

--- Page 68 ---
- 58 - 
 
Resolution is passed resolving to extend the Test Remedy Period. 
If the aggregate collateral value of the Cover Pool has not been maintained in accordance with the 
terms of the Tests, that may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof (both 
before and after the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default) and/or the ability of the Guarantor to 
make payments under the Guarantee. However, failure to satisfy the Amortisation Test on any 
Calculation Date following an Issuer Event of Default will constitute a Guarantor Event of Default, 
thereby entitling the Representative of the Bondholders to accelerate the Covered Bonds against the 
Issuer (to the extent not already accelerated against the Issuer) and also against the Guarantor and the 
Guarantor's obligations under the Guarantee against the Guarantor subject to and in accordance with 
the Conditions. 
Prior to the delivery of an Issuer Event of Default Notice and subject to receipt of the relevant 
information from the Issuer, the Asset Monitor will perform specific agreed upon procedures set out 
in an engagement letter entered into with the Issuer on or about the date of this Base Prospectus 
concerning, inter alia, (i) the fulfilment of the eligibility criteria set out under article 129 of the CRR, 
Bank of Italy Regulations and article 7-novies of the Law 130 with respect to the Eligible Assets, 
Top-Up Assets and Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool; (ii) the compliance with the internal 
limits to the transfer of the Eligible Assets, the Top-Up Assets and the Liquid Assets set out under 
Article 7-novies of the Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations; (iii) the calculation performed by 
the Test Calculation Agent in respect of the Mandatory Tests, the Amortisation Test, the verification 
of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Assets Limit and the Minimum OC 
Requirement with respect to the Covered Bonds issued and the Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and 
Liquid Assets included in the Portfolios as determined in the Mandatory Tests, the Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount and Exposure Assets Limit; (iv) the segregation of the Eligible Assets included in the 
Portfolios according to article 7-octies of the Law 130; (v) the correct application and notification of 
the extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds issued as required by Article 7-terdecies of the 
Law 130; (vi) the effectiveness and adequacy of the risk protection provided by any Swap Agreement 
entered into in the context of the Programme; and (iv) the completeness, truthfulness and the timely 
delivery of the information provided to investors pursuant to the Covered Bond Regulations.  
In addition, the Asset Monitor will, pursuant to the terms of the Asset Monitor Agreement, (a) prior to 
the delivery of an Issuer Event of Default Notice, verify on behalf of the Issuer the calculations 
performed by the Test Calculation Agent on each Calculation Date (or Test Calculation Date as the 
case may be in accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement) in respect of the Mandatory 
Test, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and the Exposure Assets Limit; and (b) following the 
delivery of an Issuer Event of Default Notice, verify, on behalf of the Guarantor, the calculations 
performed by the Test Calculation Agent on each Calculation Date (or Test Calculation Date as the 
case may be in accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement) in respect of the 
Amortisation Test and the Minimum OC Requirement. See further "Description of the Programme 
Documents – Asset Monitor Agreement". 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall not be responsible for monitoring compliance with, nor 
the verification of, the Tests or any other test, or supervising the performance by any other party of its 
obligations under any Programme Document. 
Value of the Cover Pool 
The Guarantee granted by the Issuer and the Guarantor in respect of the Covered Bonds will be 
backed by the Cover Pool and the recourse against the Guarantor will be limited to such assets. Since 
the economic value of the Cover Pool may increase or decrease, the value of the Guarantor's assets 
may decrease (for example if there is a general decline in property values). With particular regard to 
Mortgage Loan Receivables, the Issuer makes no representation, warranty or guarantee that the value 
of a Real Estate Asset will remain at the same level as it was on the date of the origination of the

--- Page 69 ---
- 59 - 
 
related Mortgage Loan or at any other time. If the residential property market in Italy experiences an 
overall decline in property values, the value of the Mortgage Loan could be significantly reduced and, 
ultimately, may result in losses to the Bondholders if such security is required to be enforced. 
No representations or warranties to be given by the Guarantor or the Seller if Selected Assets and 
their related Security Interests are to be sold 
After the service of an Issuer Event of Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor, but prior to 
service of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice, the Guarantor shall, if necessary in order to effect 
timely payments under the Covered Bonds, sell the Selected Assets and their related Security Interests 
included in the Cover Pool, pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. In 
respect of any sale of Selected Assets and their related Security Interests to third parties, however, the 
Guarantor will not provide any warranties or indemnities in respect of the Selected Assets and related 
Security Interests and there is no assurance that the Seller would give or repeat any warranties or 
representations in respect of the Selected Assets and related Security Interests in case it has not 
consented to the fact that the representations and warranties originally given by it in respect of such 
Selected Assets are transferred to third parties. Any representations or warranties previously given by 
the Seller in respect of the Mortgage Loans comprised in the Portfolios may not have value for a third 
party purchaser if the Seller is then insolvent. Accordingly, there is a risk that the realisable value of 
the Selected Assets and related Security Interests could be adversely affected by the lack of 
representations and warranties which in turn could adversely affect the ability of the Guarantor to 
meet its obligations under the Guarantee.  
Default by Debtors in paying amounts due on their Mortgage Receivables and Securities 
Debtors may default on their obligations due under the Mortgage Receivables and Securities for a 
variety of reasons. The Mortgage Receivables and Securities are affected by credit, liquidity and 
interest rate risks. Various factors influence mortgage delinquency rates, prepayment rates, 
repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as changes in the 
national or international economic climate, regional economic or housing conditions, changes in tax 
laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, political 
developments and government policies. Other factors in Debtors' individual, personal or financial 
circumstances may affect the ability of the Debtors to repay the amounts due on the Eligible Assets 
and Top-Up Assets. With reference to the Mortgage Loans, loss of earnings, illness, divorce and other 
similar factors may lead to an increase in default by and bankruptcies of borrowers, and could 
ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans. In 
addition, the ability of a borrower to sell a property given as security for a Mortgage Loan at a price 
sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that Mortgage Loan will depend upon a number of 
factors, including the availability of buyers for that property, the value of that property and property 
values in general at the time. 
The recovery of amounts due in relation to Defaulted Receivables will be subject to the effectiveness 
of enforcement proceedings in respect of the Cover Pool which in Italy can take a considerable time 
depending on the type of action required and where such action is taken and on several other factors, 
including the following: proceedings in certain courts involved in the enforcement of the Mortgage 
Loans and Mortgages may take longer than the national average; obtaining title deeds from land 
registries which are in process of computerising their records can take up to two or three years; further 
time is required if the relevant Debtor raises a defence to or counterclaim in the proceedings; and it 
takes an average of six to eight years from the time lawyers commence enforcement proceedings until 
the time an auction date is set for the forced sale of any Real Estate Asset. 
Italian Law No. 302 of 3 August 1998, Italian law No. 80 of 14 May 2005, Italian law No. 263 of 28 
December 2005 and the Italian Civil Procedure Code permit notaries, chartered accountants or 
lawyers duly registered with the relevant register kept and updated from time to time by the president

--- Page 70 ---
- 60 - 
 
of the relevant court (Presidente del Tribunale), to conduct certain stages of the enforcement 
procedures in place of the courts in order to reduce the length of enforcement proceedings by between 
two and three years. 
Insurance coverage 
All Mortgage Loan Agreements provide that the relevant Real Estate Assets must be covered by an 
Insurance Policy issued by leading insurance companies approved by the Seller. There can be no 
assurance that all risks that could affect the value of the Real Estate Assets are or will be covered by 
the relevant Insurance Policy or that, if such risks are covered, the insured losses will be covered in 
full. Any loss incurred in relation to the Real Estate Assets which is not covered (or which is not 
covered in full) by the relevant Insurance Policy could adversely affect the value of the Real Estate 
Assets and the ability of the relevant Debtor to repay the relevant Mortgage Loan. 
Changes to the lending criteria of the Seller 
Each of the Mortgage Loans originated by the Seller will have been originated in accordance with its 
lending criteria at the time of origination. It is expected that the Seller's lending criteria will generally 
consider the term of the loan, indemnity guarantee policies, status of applicants and credit history. In 
the event of the sale or transfer of any Mortgage Loans to the Guarantor, the Seller will warrant that 
such Mortgage Loans as were originated by it were originated in accordance with the Seller's lending 
criteria applicable at the time of origination. The Seller retains the right to revise its lending criteria 
from time to time subject to the terms of the Servicing Agreement. However, of any such change in 
the lending criteria shall be given notice by the Seller to the Rating Agencies and the Representative 
of the Bondholders and in case such lending criteria change in a manner that affects the 
creditworthiness of the Mortgage Loans and leads to the increase of defaults by Debtors (so affecting 
the realisable value of the Cover Pool and the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the 
Guarantee) this result would be taken into account in the calculation of the Tests whereby a zero 
weighting will be given to the Defaulted Receivables in the Cover Pool. 
Debtors may become subject to a debt restructuring arrangement or a court-supervised liquidation 
in accordance with the Italian Insolvency Code 
The Italian Insolvency Code provides for special composition procedures for situations of 
overindebtedness (procedure di composizione della crisi da sovraindebitamento), and for a special 
court-supervised liquidation for situations of over-indebtedness (liquidazione controllata del 
sovraindebitamento), which apply to (i) consumers, professionals, small enterprises who/which are in 
a situation of crisis or insolvency, and (ii) any other debtor which cannot be subject to judicial 
liquidation (liquidazione giudiziale) or any other liquidation procedure under Italian law applicable 
for situations of crisis (crisi) or insolvency (insolvenza). 
Over-indebtedness occurs either in a situation of crisis or in a situation of insolvency. Crisis is the 
condition that makes insolvency likely to happen, and it occurs when the perspective cash flow shows 
that the debtor will become unable to pay its debts as they fall due within the subsequent 12 months; 
insolvency is the inability to repay debts as they fall due.  
Should any Debtor enter into such debt restructuring agreement (be it with the Issuer or with any other 
of its creditors), the Guarantor could be subject to the risk of having the payments due by the relevant 
debtor suspended for up one year. 
Legal risks relating to the Mortgage Loans 
The ability of the Guarantor to recover payments of interest and principal from the Mortgage Loans is 
subject to a number of legal risks. Further details on certain considerations in relation to the regulation 
of mortgages in Italy are set out in the section headed "Description of certain relevant legislation in

--- Page 71 ---
- 61 - 
 
Italy” and certain specific risks are set out below: 
Mortgage borrower protection: Certain legislations enacted in Italy, have given new rights and certain 
benefits to mortgage debtors and/or reinforced existing rights, including, inter alia, (i) the right of 
prepayment of the principal amount the mortgage loan, without incurring a penalty, (ii) the right to the 
substitution (portabilità) of a mortgage loan with another mortgage loan and (iii) the right of first 
home-owners to suspend instalment payments under mortgage loans up to a maximum of two times 
and for a maximum aggregate period of 18 months, (iv) the right to suspend the payment of principal 
instalments relating to mortgage loans for a 12 months period, (v) the automatic suspension of 
instalment payments of mortgages and loans, up to certain periods, to residents, both individuals and 
businesses, in certain municipalities affected by environmental disasters and listed in the relevant laws 
and regulations. Further details are set out in the section headed "Description of certain relevant 
legislation in Italy – Mortgage Borrower protection”. These legislations constitutes an adverse effect 
on the Cover Pool and, in particular, on any cash flow projections concerning the Cover Pool as well 
as on the over-collateralisation required. However, as this legislation is relatively new, as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not in a position to predict its impact. 
Mortgage Credit Directive: Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 
February 2014 on credit agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable property and 
amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2013/36/EU and Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the Mortgage 
Credit Directive) sets out a common framework for certain aspects of the laws, regulations and 
administrative provisions of the Member States concerning agreements covering credit for consumers 
secured by a mortgage or otherwise relating to residential immovable property.  
In Italy the Government has approved the Legislative Decree no. 72 of 21 April 2016, implementing 
the Mortgage Credit Directive and published on the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy on 20 
May 2016 (the Mortgage Legislative Decree), which, moreover, sets forth certain rules of 
correctness, diligence and transparency and information undertakings applicable to the lenders and 
intermediaries which offer loans to the consumers and provides that the parties may agree under the 
loan agreements that in case of breach of the borrower’s payment obligations under the agreement 
(i.e. non-payment of at least eighteen loan instalments due and payable by the debtor) the property of 
the debtor subject to security or the proceeds deriving from the sale thereof can be transferred to the 
creditor in discharge of the entire debt even if the value of the assets or the proceeds deriving from the 
sale of the assets is lower than the remaining amount due by the debtor in relation to the loan. Given 
the absence of any jurisprudential interpretation, the impact of such new legislation may not be 
predicted as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Further details are set out in the section headed 
"Description of certain relevant legislation in Italy –Mortgage Credit Directive”. No assurance can be 
given that the implementation of the Mortgage Legislative Decree will not adversely affect the ability 
of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Risks related to the market 
Limited secondary market 
There is, at present, a limited secondary market for the Covered Bonds and, therefore, no assurance is 
provided that there is an active and liquid secondary market for the Covered Bonds, and that an active 
or liquid secondary market for the Covered Bonds will continue or develop. The Covered Bonds have 
not been, and will not be, offered to any persons or entities in the United States of America or 
registered under any securities laws and are subject to certain restrictions on the resale and other 
transfer thereof as set forth under section entitled "Subscription and Sale". To the extent that a 
secondary market exists or develops further, it may not continue for the life of the Covered Bonds or 
it may not provide Bondholders with liquidity of investment with the result that a Bondholder may not 
be able to find a buyer to buy its Covered Bonds readily or at prices that will enable the Bondholder to 
realise a desired yield. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Covered

--- Page 72 ---
- 62 - 
 
Bonds. In addition, Covered Bonds issued under the Programme might not be listed on a stock 
exchange or regulated market and, in these circumstances, pricing information may be more difficult 
to obtain and the liquidity and market prices of such Covered Bonds may be adversely affected. In an 
illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell its Covered Bonds at any time at fair market 
prices. The possibility to sell the Covered Bonds might additionally be restricted by country specific 
reasons. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This 
presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and 
the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds, (2) the 
Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds and (3) the 
Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. Government and monetary 
authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect 
an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, 
or no interest or principal. 
Tax consequences of holding the Covered Bonds - No Gross-up for Taxes  
Potential investors should consider the tax consequences of investing in the Covered Bonds and 
consult their tax adviser about their own tax situation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this 
Base Prospectus, if withholding of, or deduction of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
charges of whatever nature is imposed by or on behalf of Italy, any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will make the required withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or charges for the account of the Bondholders, as the case 
may be. The Issuer shall be obliged to pay an additional amounts pursuant to Condition 9 (Taxation) 
subject to customary exceptions including Decree No. 239 withholdings. Neither the Issuer nor the 
Guarantor shall be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Bondholders in relation to 
withholdings or deductions on payments made by the Guarantor. 
There is no authority directly on point regarding the Italian tax regime of payments made by an Italian 
resident Guarantor under the Guarantee. For further details see the section entitled "Taxation". The 
return on an investment in Covered Bonds will be affected by charges incurred by investors 
An investor’s total return on an investment in any Covered Bonds will be affected by the level of fees 
charged by the nominee service provider and/or clearing system used by the investor. Such a person 
or institution may charge fees for the opening and operation of an investment account, transfers of 
Covered Bonds, custody services and on payments of interest, principal and other amounts. Potential 
investors are therefore advised to investigate the basis on which any such fees will be charged on the 
relevant Covered Bonds. 
Risks related to the pending Italian tax reform 
Law No. 111 of 9 August 2023 published on the Official Gazette No. 189 of 14 August 2023 (Law 
111) delegates power to the Italian Government to enact, within twenty-four months from its 
publication, one or more legislative decrees implementing the reform of the tax system.  
According to Law 111, the tax reform may change significantly the taxation of financial incomes and 
capital gains and introduce various amendments in the Italian tax system at different levels. The

--- Page 73 ---
- 63 - 
 
precise nature, extent, and impact of these amendments cannot be quantified or foreseen with 
certainty at this stage. The information provided in this Prospectus may not reflect the future tax 
landscape accurately. 
Prospective Covered Bonholders should be aware that the amendments that may be introduced to the 
tax regime of financial incomes and capital gains could increase the taxation on interest, similar 
income and/or capital gains accrued or realised under the Covered Bonds and could result in a lower 
return of their investments.

--- Page 74 ---
- 64 - 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents 
which have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and 
which have been or are filed with the CSSF:  
(a) 
the press release dated 13 November 2024 relating to the signature of a strategic partnership 
with Worldline in merchant acquiring activities in Italy, which can be found on the website of 
Credem at the following (the Press Release Credem and Worldline sign a strategic 
partnership in merchant acquiring activities in Italy): 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Sala_Stampa/en_sala_stampa/press-
releases/in-
corso/2024/CREDEM%20and%20WORLDLINE%20sign%20a%20strategic%20partnership
%20in%20merchant%20acquiring%20activities%20in%20Italy.pdf  
(b) 
the press release dated 5 November 2024 relating to the unaudited Additional Periodic 
Financial Disclosure of Credem for the nine months ended 30 September 2024, which can be 
found on the website of Credem at the following (the Press Release of Credem 9M2024 
Results): 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Sala_Stampa/en_sala_stampa/press-
releases/in-corso/2024/Credem%20Press%20Release%209M24.pdf  
(c) 
the English translation of the Additional Periodic Financial Disclosure of Credem for the nine 
months ended 30 September 2024, which can be found on the website of Credem at the 
following (the Credem Additional Periodic Financial Disclosure September 2024):  
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Investor_Relations/EN_Investor_Relat
ions/Financials/2024/Additional%20Periodic%20Financial%20Disclosure%20at%2009.30.20
24.pdf  
(d) 
the press release dated 5 August 2024 relating to the unaudited consolidated financial 
statements of Credem for the six months ended 30 June 2024, which can be found on the 
website of Credem at the following (the Press Release of Credem 2024 Half-Year 
Financial Statements): 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Sala_Stampa/en_sala_stampa/press-
releases/in-corso/2024/CREDEM,%201H24%20results%20approved.pdf 
(e) 
the unaudited half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements of Credem for the six 
months ended 30 June 2024, prepared in accordance with IAS 34 and together with the 
accompanying notes and the independent auditor’s review report (the Credem 2024 Half-
Year Financial Statements), which can be found on the website of Credem at the following 
link: 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Investor_Relations/EN_Investor_Relat
ions/Financials/2024/Credem%20Half%20Year%20Financial%20Statements%20as%20at%2
006302024%20(1).pdf 
(f) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2023, prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by UE and the Italian 
regulations implementing Article 9 of Legislative decree no. 38/05 and article 43 of 
Legislative decree no 136/15 and together with the accompanying notes and independent

--- Page 75 ---
- 65 - 
 
auditor’s report (the Credem 2023 Annual Financial Statements), which can be found on 
the website of Credem at the following link:  
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Investor_Relations/EN_Investor_Relat
ions/Financials/2023/Consolidated%20Financial%20Statements%20at%2031.12.2023.pdf  
(g) 
the unaudited half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements of Credem for the six 
months ended 30 June 2023, prepared in accordance with IAS 34 and together with the 
accompanying notes and the independent auditor’s review report (the Credem 2023 Half-
Year Financial Statements), which can be found on the website of Credem at the following 
link: 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Investor_Relations/EN_Investor_Relat
ions/Financials/2023/Credem%20Half%20Year%20Financial%20Statements%20as%20at%2
006302023.pdf  
(h) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2022, prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by UE and the Italian 
regulations implementing Article 9 of Legislative decree no. 38/05 and article 43 of 
Legislative decree no 136/15 and together with the accompanying notes and independent 
auditor’s report (the Credem 2022 Annual Financial Statements), which can be found on 
the website of Credem at the following link:  
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Investor_Relations/EN_Investor_Relat
ions/Financials/2022/Consolidated%20Financial%20Statements%20at%2031.12.2022.pdf   
(i) 
the unaudited semi-annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at 30 June 2024 and for 
the six months then ended; 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Investor_Relations/covered-
bonds/bilanci/Credem%20CB%20Srl%20-
%20Accounting%20situation%20as%20at%2030.06.24.pdf 
(j) 
the audited annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2023 and together with the independent auditor’s report; 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Investor_Relations/covered-
bonds/bilanci/Credem%20SB%20srl%20Audit%20Report%202023%20_%20Balance%20sh
eet%2031.12.2023%20.pdf  
(k) 
the unaudited semi-annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at 30 June 2023 and for 
the six months then ended; 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Investor_Relations/covered-
bonds/bilanci/Credem%20CB%20Srl%20-
%20Accounting%20situation%20as%20at%2030.06.2023.pdf   
(l) 
the audited annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2022; 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Investor_Relations/covered-
bonds/bilanci/Credem%20CB%20Srl%2031.12.2022%20Balance%20Sheet.pdf

--- Page 76 ---
- 66 - 
 
(m) 
the independent auditor’s report in respect of the audited annual financial statements of the 
Guarantor as at 31 December 2022 and for the year then ended;  
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Investor_Relations/covered-
bonds/bilanci/Credem%20CB%20Srl%2031.12.2022%20Audit%20Report.pdf   
 
with an English translation thereof and, in the case of the documents listed under Paragraphs (e), (f), 
(g), (h), (j), (l) and (m) above, together with the English translation of the audit and review reports 
prepared in connection therewith. Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document 
which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any document which is subsequently 
incorporated by reference herein by way of a supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified 
or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The comparative information as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 has been restated in the 
Credem 2023 Annual Financial Statements. The financial figures for 2022 have been reconstructed by 
reporting the impacts of the application of the new accounting standard IFRS 17 and of the transition 
to the accounting standard IFRS 9 for Credemvita, the subsidiary insurance company of Credem. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus may be obtained from the 
registered 
office 
of 
the 
Issuer 
and 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.credem.it/content/credem/it/gruppo-credem/investor-relations.html). 
This 
Base 
Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference will also be available on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s web site (https://www.luxse.lu/programme/Programme-CrEmiliano/13752). 
Cross-reference List 
The tables below set out the relevant page references (i) the Press Release Credem and Worldline sign 
a strategic partnership in merchant acquiring activities in Italy; (ii) the Press Release of Credem 
9M2024 Results; (iii) the Credem Additional Periodic Financial Disclosure September 2024; (iv) the 
Press Release of Credem 2024 Half-Year Financial Statements; (v) the Credem 2024 Half-Year 
Financial Statements; (vi) the Credem 2023 Annual Financial Statements; (vii) the Credem 2023 Half-
Year Financial Statements; (viii) the Credem 2022 Annual Financial Statements; (ix) the unaudited 
semi-annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at 30 June 2024 and for the six months then 
ended; (x) the audited annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2023 and together with the independent auditor’s report; (xi) the unaudited semi-annual 
financial statements of the Guarantor as at 30 June 2023 and for the six months then ended; (xii) the 
audited annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022; 
(xiii) the independent auditor’s report in respect of the audited annual financial statements of the 
Guarantor as at 31 December 2022 and for the year then ended. 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page  
Press Release Credem and Worldline sign 
a strategic partnership in merchant 
acquiring activities in Italy 
Entire document 
 
Press Release of Credem 9M2024 Results 
Entire document  
 
Credem Additional Periodic Financial 
Disclosure September 2024 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
12-13

--- Page 77 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
15 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in 
Equity 
16 
 
Consolidated 
Statement 
of 
Comprehensive Income 
17 
 
Explanatory notes 
19-42 
 
Certification by the Manager for 
preparing the company’s financial 
reports 
43-45 
Credem 
2024 
Half-Year 
Financial 
Statements 
Interim Directors’Report on Operations 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
8-56 
63 - 64 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
65 
 
Consolidated 
Statement 
of 
Comprehensive Income 
66 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in 
Equity 
67 - 68 
 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
69 
 
Explanatory notes 
72 - 251 
 
Certification by the Manager for 
preparing the company’s financial 
reports 
260 - 263 
 
Indipendent Auditor’s review report 
264 - 267 
Press Release of Credem 2024 Half-Year 
Financial Statements 
 
Main Consolidated Results  
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Aggregates  
Consolidated Balance Sheet  
Consolidated Income  
Reclassified Consolidated Income 
3 - 4 
4 – 5 
 
10  
11  
12 
Credem 2023 Annual Financial Statements 
Report on Operations 
Consolidated Balance Sheet                     
11-76 
83-84 
Consolidated Income Statement 
85

--- Page 78 ---
- 68 - 
 
Consolidated Statement of 
Comprehensive Income 
86 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in 
Equity 
87-88 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement  
89-90 
Explanatory notes 
93-422 
Independent Auditor's report 
442-454 
Credem 
2023 
Half-Year 
Financial 
Statements 
Interim Directors’Report on Operations 9-56 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
60-61 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
62 
 
Consolidated 
Statement 
of 
Comprehensive Income 
64 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in 
Equity 
65-66 
 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
67 
 
Explanatory notes 
70-262 
 
Certification by the Manager for 
preparing the company’s financial 
reports 
271-273 
 
Indipendent Auditor’s review report 
274-277 
Credem 2022 Annual Financial Statements 
Report on Operations 
11-77 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
82-83 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
84 
 
Consolidated 
Statement 
of 
Comprehensive Income 
85 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in 
Equity 
86-87 
 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
88 
 
Explanatory Notes 
92-420 
 
Independent Auditor's report  
437-446

--- Page 79 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
Unaudited semi-annual financial results of the Guarantor as at 30 June 
2024 and for the six months then ended 
Page 
Balance sheet 
2 
Income Statement 
2 - 3 
 
Annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2023 and together with the independent auditor’s 
report 
 
Page 
Balance sheet 
12 
Income Statement 
12 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
13 
Statement of Changes in Quotaholder’s Equity 
14 
Statement of Cash Flows 
15 - 16 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
17 - 77 
Independent Auditor's report 
78-81 
 
Unaudited semi-annual financial results of the Guarantor as at 30 June 2023 
and for the six months then ended 
 
Page 
Balance sheet 
2 
Income Statement 
2 
 
Annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2022 
 
 
         Page 
Balance sheet 
11 
Income Statement 
11 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
12 
Statement of Changes in Quotaholder’s Equity 
13 
Statement of Cash Flows 
14 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
16-73 
 
Independent Auditors’ report in respect of the financial statements of the 
Guarantor as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 
 
 
Entire 
Docum

--- Page 80 ---
- 70 - 
 
Report on the audit of the financial statements 
 
ent 
The information not included in the cross-reference lists above is not incorporated by reference. 
Excluded part of the documents in the cross-reference list above has not been incorporated by 
reference and is considered either not relevant for an investor or is otherwise covered elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer confirms that the unaudited results and other figures contained in the Press Release of 
Credem 9M2024 Results and the Press Release of Credem 2024 Half-Year Financial Statements are 
consistent with the corresponding figures that are contained in the Issuer’s consolidated financial 
statements as at 30 September 2024 and 30 June 2024. The accounting standards adopted for the 
preparation of these Financial Statements are unchanged with respect to 31 December 2023. The Press 
Release of Credem 9M2024 Results and the Press Release of Credem 2024 Half-Year Financial 
Statements have not been audited or reviewed by the independent auditors of the Issuer.

--- Page 81 ---
- 71 - 
 
SUPPLEMENTS, FINAL TERMS AND FURTHER PROSPECTUSES 
The Issuer has undertaken that, for the duration of the Programme (and unless the Issuer has notified 
the relevant Dealer(s) in writing that it does not intend to issue Covered Bonds under the Programme 
for the time being), (i) if at any time there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
relating to information included in the Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the 
Covered Bonds, and (ii) on or before each anniversary of the date of this Base Prospectus, it shall 
prepare an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or, as the case may be, publish a 
replacement Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Covered Bonds to 
be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated 
market or, as the case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed by the Issuer. 
In addition, the Issuer may agree with the Dealer(s) to issue Covered Bonds in a form not 
contemplated in the section entitled "Form of Final Terms". To the extent that the information relating 
to that Series of Covered Bonds constitutes a significant new factor in relation to the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus, a separate prospectus specific to such Series (a Drawdown 
Prospectus) will be made available and will contain such information. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Series of Covered Bonds will be the conditions 
set out in the section entitled "Conditions of the Covered Bonds", as completed in the relevant Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Series of Covered Bonds which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information 
being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires 
otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the 
necessary information relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor and the relevant Covered Bonds or (2) 
by a registration document containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor, a securities note containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Covered 
Bonds and, if applicable, a summary note.

--- Page 82 ---
- 72 - 
 
CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS  
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (the Conditions and, each 
of them, a Condition). In these Conditions, references to the "holder of Covered Bonds" and to the 
"Bondholders" are to the ultimate owners of the Covered Bonds, dematerialised and evidenced by 
book entries with Monte Titoli in accordance with the provisions of (i) Article 83-bis et seq. of the 
Financial Laws Consolidated Act and the relevant implementing regulations, and (ii) the joint 
regulation of CONSOB and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018 and published in the Official 
Gazette No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time. 
The Registered Covered Bonds issued in the form of registered covered bonds are evidenced on the 
basis of due registration in the register (the Register) maintained by the Issuer or by any registrar 
appointed by the Issuer (the Registrar). Solely a duly registered Bondholder in the Register may claim 
payments under the Registered Covered Bonds. 
The Bondholders are deemed to have notice of and are bound by, and shall have the benefit of, inter 
alia, the terms of the Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders attached to, and forming part of, 
these Conditions. In addition, the applicable Final Terms in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds 
will complete the Conditions for the purpose of such Series. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Credito Emiliano S.p.A. (the Issuer) has established a covered bond 
programme (the Programme) for the issuance of up to €5,000,000,000 in aggregate 
principal amount of covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite) (the Covered 
Bonds) guaranteed by CREDEM CB S.r.l. (the Guarantor). Covered Bonds are 
issued pursuant to Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 (as amended, from time to time, the 
Law 130), article 129 of the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms (as amended from time to time, the CRR) and the 
supervisory instructions of the Bank of Italy relating to covered bonds under Part III, 
Chapter 3, of circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, containing the “Disposizioni di 
vigilanza per le banche” as further implemented and amended  ( the Bank of Italy 
Regulations and, together with Law 130 and CRR, the Covered Bond Regulations). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Covered Bonds are issued in series (each a Series). Each Series is the 
subject of final terms (the Final Terms) which integrate and complete these terms 
and conditions (the Conditions). The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Series of Covered Bonds are these Conditions as integrated and/or 
completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
(c) 
Guarantee: Each Series of Covered Bonds is the subject of a guarantee dated on or  
prior to the First Issue Date, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time (the 
Guarantee) entered into between the Guarantor, the Issuer and the Representative of 
the Bondholders for the purpose of guaranteeing the payments due from the Issuer in 
respect of the Covered Bonds of all Series issued under the Programme. The 
Guarantee will be backed by the Cover Pool (as defined below). The recourse of the 
Bondholders to the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be limited to the assets of the 
Cover Pool and the Guarantor Available Funds. Payments made by the Guarantor

--- Page 83 ---
- 73 - 
 
under the Guarantee will be made subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant 
Priority of Payments. 
(d) 
Programme Agreement and Subscription Agreements: The Issuer and the Dealer(s) 
have agreed that any Covered Bonds of any Series which may from time to time be 
agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer(s) to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed 
for by such Dealer(s) shall be issued and subscribed for on the basis of, and in 
reliance upon, the representations, warranties, undertakings and indemnities made or 
given or provided to be made or given pursuant to the terms of a programme 
agreement, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time (the Programme 
Agreement) entered into between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the 
Bondholders and the Dealer(s). In relation to each Series of Covered Bonds the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) will enter into a subscription agreement on or about the 
date of the relevant Final Terms (the Subscription Agreement). According to the 
terms of the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has the faculty to nominate any 
institution as a new Dealer in respect of the Programme or nominate any institution as 
a new Dealer only in relation to a particular Series of Covered Bonds upon 
satisfaction of certain conditions set out in the Programme Agreement. 
(e) 
Monte Titoli Mandate Agreement: In a mandate agreement with Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
(Monte Titoli) (the Monte Titoli Mandate Agreement), Monte Titoli has agreed to 
provide the Issuer with certain depository and administration services in relation to 
the Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form. 
(f) 
Master Definitions Agreement: In a master definitions agreement, as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time (the Master Definitions Agreement) between, inter 
alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders and the Other 
Guarantor Creditors (as defined below), the definitions of certain terms used in the 
Programme Documents have been agreed. 
(g) 
The Covered Bonds: Except where stated otherwise, all subsequent references in 
these Conditions to Covered Bonds are to the Covered Bonds which are the subject 
of the relevant Final Terms, but all references to each Series of Covered Bonds are 
to (i) the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms and (ii) 
each other Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme which remains 
outstanding from time to time. 
(h) 
Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders: The rules of the organisation of 
bondholders (the Rules) are attached to, and form an integral part of, these 
Conditions. References in these Conditions to the Rules include such rules as from 
time to time modified in accordance with the provisions contained therein and any 
agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental thereto. 
(i) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Programme 
Documents and are subject to their detailed provisions. Bondholders are entitled to 
the benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the 
Programme Documents applicable to them. Copies of the Programme Documents are 
available for inspection by Bondholders during normal business hours at the

--- Page 84 ---
- 74 - 
 
registered office of the Representative of the Bondholders from time to time and, 
where applicable, at the Specified Office(s) of the Principal Paying Agent. 
2. 
Interpretation  
(a) 
Definitions: 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings:  
Accounts means, collectively, the Collection Accounts, the Expenses Account, the 
Cash Reserve Commingling Account, the Replacement Account Bank Accounts, the 
Credem Accounts and any other account opened in accordance with the Programme. 
Account Bank means Credito Emiliano S.p.A., the Replacement Account Bank (to 
the extent appointed) or each of them, or any other entity acting as account bank 
pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
Account Bank Shift Event means any of Credem Account Bank Shift Event and 
Replacement Account Bank Shift Event. 
Account Bank Shift Notice means the notice to be promptly delivered from the 
Investment Manager to the other Parties and the Rating Agencies upon occurrence of 
an Account Bank Shift Event. 
Accrued Interest means, as of any date and in relation to any Mortgage Receivable, 
the portion of the Interest Instalment accrued, but not yet due, as at such date. 
Additional Business Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
Additional Financial Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative or 
zero), or the quantum of the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in 
either case, which the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
should be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the 
case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Bondholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread, quantum formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate or (where (i) above does not 
apply) in the case of a Successor Rate, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in 
customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the 
case may be); or

--- Page 85 ---
- 75 - 
 
(iii) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that (i) and (ii) above do not apply) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable); or 
(iv) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that (i), (ii) and (iii) above do not 
apply) the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) in its 
discretion determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) to be appropriate. 
Affected Asset means an Eligible Asset, a Top-Up Asset and/or a Liquid Asset in 
respect of which there is a breach of the representations and warranties contained in 
the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
Affected Party has the meaning ascribed to that term in the relevant Swap 
Agreement. 
Affected Mortgage Receivables means any Receivables which, in the immediately 
preceding Collection Period, was in breach of the representations and warranties 
contained in the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and in relation to which the 
Seller has not indemnified the Guarantor to the extent required by the terms of the 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
Alternative Benchmark Rate means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in accordance with 
Condition 5(e)(ii) (Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate) has replaced the 
Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) or if no such rate exists, the rate which is most comparable to the 
Original Reference Rate, for a comparable interest period and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Covered Bonds. 
Amortisation Test means the test carried out pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement. 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount means the amount calculated pursuant 
to the formula set out in clause 3 of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Arranger means Barclays Bank Ireland PLC. 
Article 74 Event means, in respect of the Issuer, the issue of a resolution pursuant to 
Article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
Asset Monitor means BDO Italia S.p.A., or any other entity appointed from time to 
time to act as such in accordance with the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Asset Monitor Agreement means the asset monitor agreement entered into on or 
about the First Issue Date between, inter alios, the Asset Monitor and the Issuer (as 
from time to time modified in accordance with the provisions therein contained and 
including any agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental thereof), as

--- Page 86 ---
- 76 - 
 
better described in the section headed "Description of the Programme Documents – 
the Asset Monitor Agreement" of the Prospectus. 
Asset Monitor Report Date has the meaning set out in Clause 1.2 (Other definitions) 
of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Asset Percentage means  
(A) as long as any Series issued prior to the Implementation Date is outstanding, the 
lower of (i) 93.00 per cent and (ii) such other percentage figure as may be determined 
by the Issuer on behalf of the Guarantor in accordance with the methodologies 
published by the Rating Agencies (after procuring the required level of 
overcollateralization in line with target rating). Notwithstanding that, in the event the 
Issuer chooses not to apply such other percentage figure (item (ii) above) of the Asset 
Percentage, this will not result in a breach of the Nominal Value Test; or 
(B) following the redemption in full of all the Series issued prior to the 
Implementation Date, 95.00 per cent or in any case the asset percentage 
corresponding to the Minimum OC Requirement, or such lower asset percentage 
figure as determined from time to time by the Issuer in accordance with the 
methodologies published by the Rating Agencies. 
Asset Swap Agreement means any asset swap agreement entered into from time to 
time between the Guarantor and an Asset Swap Provider in the context of the 
Programme. 
Asset Swap Provider means any entity acting as a counterparty to the Guarantor 
pursuant to an Asset Swap Agreement. 
Asset Swap Payment Date means , in respect of any Asset Swap Agreement, the 
date on which a payment of interest or principal, as the case maybe, is due by the 
Asset Swap Provider to the Guarantor under the terms of such Asset Swap Agreement. 
Assets means collectively the Eligible Assets and the Top-Up Assets. 
Availability Period means the period from the date of execution of the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement to the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the 
context of the Programme have been redeemed or cancelled in full in accordance with 
the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
Back-up Servicer means the entity which may be appointed as such pursuant to the 
terms of the Servicing Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Bank of Italy Regulations means the supervisory instructions of the Bank of Italy 
relating to covered bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) under Part III, Chapter 3, 
of Circular No. 285 dated 17 December 2013 containing the "Disposizioni di 
vigilanza per le banche", as amended and updated by the Implementing Measures and 
from time to time. 
Bankruptcy Law means Royal Decree No. 267 of 16 March 1942, as subsequently 
amended and supplemented. 
Base Interest has the meaning given to it in the Subordinated Loan Agreement.

--- Page 87 ---
- 77 - 
 
Benchmark Event means: 
a) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 
five (5) Business Days or ceasing to be calculated, administered or published 
or being subject to a material change; 
b) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling 
six months prior to the specified date referred to in (b)(i) above; 
c) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate 
will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date 
referred to in (c)(i) above; 
d) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a 
specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date 
referred to in (d)(i) above; 
e) the making of an official announcement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate 
is no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
f) it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or such 
other party as specified in the relevant Final Terms to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Bondholder using the Original Reference Rate 
including, without limitation, under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, if 
applicable. 
Bondholders means the holders from time to time of any Covered Bonds of any 
Series. 
Breach of Test Notice means the notice delivered by the Representative of the 
Bondholders in accordance with the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Breach of Test Cure Notice means the notice delivered by the Representative of the 
Bondholders in accordance with the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement 
informing that a Breach of Test Notice has been revoked. 
Broken Amount means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the broken 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are 
generally open for business in Milan, Luxembourg and London and on which the 
Trans-European Automated Real Time Gross Transfer System (T2) (or any successor 
thereto) is open. 
Business Day Convention in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have

--- Page 88 ---
- 78 - 
 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) Following Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day. 
(ii) Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day 
Convention means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following 
day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in 
which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day. 
(iii) Preceding Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day. 
(iv) FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention 
means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to 
the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first 
preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last 
day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified 
number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date 
occurred; and 
(v) No Adjustment means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention. 
Calculation Agent means BNP Paribas, Italian Branch or any other entity acting as 
such pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
Calculation Amount means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the 
calculation amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Calculation Date means both prior to and after the delivery of a Guarantor Event of 
Default Notice, the date falling on the second Business Day immediately preceding 
each Guarantor Payment Date. 
Call Option means the option granted to the Issuer to redeem a certain Series of 
Covered Bonds which may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement means the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement entered into on or about the First

--- Page 89 ---
- 79 - 
 
Issue Date between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the 
Account Bank, the Investment Manager, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer, the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Representative of the Bondholders (as from time to 
time modified in accordance with the provisions therein contained and including any 
agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental thereof), as better 
described in the Section headed “Description of the Programme Documents – Cash 
Allocation Management and Payments Agreement” of the Prospectus. 
Cash Reserve Commingling Account means the euro denominated account 
established in the name of the Guarantor with the Cash Reserve Commingling 
Account Bank, or such other substitute account as may be opened in accordance with 
the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement.  
Cash Reserve Commingling Account Bank means Credito Emiliano S.p.A. acting 
as Cash Reserve Commingling Account Bank, or any other entity acting as such 
pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
Civil Code means the Italian civil code, enacted by Royal Decree No. 262 of 16 
March 1942, as subsequently amended and supplemented. 
Clearstream means Clearstream Banking société anonyme, Luxembourg with offices 
at 42 avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Collateral Security means any security (including any loan mortgage insurance and 
excluding Mortgage) granted to the Seller by any Debtor in order to guarantee or 
secure the payment and/or repayment of any amount due under the Mortgage Loan 
Agreements. 
Collection Accounts means, respectively, the Principal Collection Account and the 
Interest Collection Account. 
Collection Period means (i) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Event of Default 
Notice, each quarterly period commencing on (and excluding) the relevant Collection 
Period End Date, and ending on (and including) the immediately following the 
Collection Period End Date or, as applicable, upon occurrence of a breach of Test, the 
third immediately following Collection Period End Date, and, with reference to the 
first Collection Period, the period commencing on (and including) the Valuation Date 
of the Initial Portfolio and ending on (and including) the last calendar day of the 
month preceding the first Guarantor Payment Date; and (ii) following the delivery of 
a Guarantor Event of Default Notice, each period commencing on (and excluding) the 
relevant Collection Period End Date, and ending on (and including) the immediately 
following the Collection Period End Date. 
Collection Period End Date means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Event of 
Default Notice, the date falling on the last calendar day of December, March, June 
and September of each year, provided that upon occurrence of a breach of Tests, such 
Collection Period End Date will fall on the last calendar day of each month; and (b) 
following the delivery of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice, the date determined by 
the Representative of the Bondholders in accordance with the Post-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments, the relevant Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement.

--- Page 90 ---
- 80 - 
 
Collections means all amounts received or recovered by the Servicer (including any 
judicial recovery) in respect of the Eligible Assets, Top-up Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets. 
Commercial Mortgage Loan Agreement means any commercial mortgage loan 
agreement out of which Commercial Mortgage Receivables arise. 
Commercial Mortgage Loan means:  
(i) 
until the Implementation Date, “crediti ipotecari commerciali” as defined under 
article 1, sub-paragraph 1, letter (c) of Decree No. 310 having the features set 
forth under article 2, sub-paragraph 1, letter (b) of Decree No. 310; and 
(ii) 
from the Implementation Date, mortgage loans secured by non-residential real 
estate that meet the requirements of article 129, paragraph 1, letter (f) of the 
CRR and article 7-novies of Law 130. 
Commercial Mortgage Receivables means the Receivables deriving from a 
Commercial Mortgage Loan pursuant to a Commercial Mortgage Loan Agreement. 
Common Criteria means the criteria listed in schedule 1, part I (Criteri Comuni), to 
the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
Conditions means the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
CONSOB means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
Consolidated Banking Act means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, 
as subsequently amended and supplemented. 
Covered Bonds means each Series of covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie 
garantite) issued or to be issued by the Issuer under the Programme. 
Cover Pool means the cover pool constituted by the Eligible Assets, the Top-Up 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets. 
Cover Pool Management Agreement means the agreement entered into on or about 
the First Issue Date between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the 
Bondholders and the Test Calculation Agent (as from time to time modified in 
accordance with the provisions therein contained and including any agreement or 
other document expressed to be supplemental thereof), as better described in the 
Section headed "Description of the Programme Documents – Cover Pool 
Management Agreement" of the Prospectus. 
Covered Bond Regulations means Law 130 as amended and supplemented from 
time to time, the Decree No. 310 (until the Implementation Date), the Bank of Italy 
Regulations and article 129 of CRR and any other applicable provision of CRR, as 
amended from time to time. 
Covered Bond Swap Provider means any entity acting as a swap counterparty to the 
Guarantor pursuant to a Covered Bond Swap Agreement.

--- Page 91 ---
- 81 - 
 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement means any covered bond swap agreement entered 
into from time to time between the Guarantor and the Covered Bond Swap Providers 
in the context of the Programme. 
Covered Bond Swap Payment Date means, in respect of any Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement, the date on which a payment of interest or principal, as the case maybe, is 
due by the Covered Bond Swap Provider to the Guarantor under the terms of such 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement. 
CREDEM means Credito Emiliano S.p.A. 
Credem Account Bank Shift Event means any of the following event: (i) the loss by 
Credem of the Minimum Required Account Bank Rating or (ii) the resignation of 
Credem from its appointment as Account Bank in respect of the sole Credem 
Accounts.  
Credem Account Bank Shift Notice means the notice to be promptly delivered from 
the Investment Manager to the other Parties and the Rating Agencies upon occurrence 
of a Credem Account Bank Shift Event. 
Credem Accounts means, collectively, the Credem Eligible Investments Account, 
the Credem Reserve Account, the Credem Securities Account, the Credem Payments 
Account and the Credem Swap Collateral Account. 
Credem Eligible Investments Account means the euro denominated account (IBAN: 
IT64J0303212891010000091671) established in the name of the Guarantor with 
Credem as Account Bank, or such other substitute account as may be opened in 
accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
CREDEM Group means, collectively, the banks and the other subsidiaries from time 
to time being part of the CREDEM Group, enrolled under the register of the banking 
groups held by Bank of Italy pursuant to article 64 of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
Credem Payments Account means the euro denominated account (IBAN: 
IT92M0303212891010000091674) established in the name of the Guarantor with 
Credem as Account Bank, or such other substitute account as may be opened in 
accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
Credem Reserve Account means the euro denominated account (IBAN: 
IT18L0303212891010000091673) established in the name of the Guarantor with 
Credem as Account Bank, or such other substitute account as may be opened in 
accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
Credem Securities Account means the account (No. 9168738) established in the 
name of the Guarantor with Credem as Account Bank, or such other substitute 
account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement. 
Credem Swap Collateral Account means any account opened or to be opened by 
the Guarantor with Credem in accordance with any Swap Agreement and clause 6.7 
of the Intercreditor Agreement.

--- Page 92 ---
- 82 - 
 
Credit and Collection Policy means the procedures for the management, collection 
and recovery of Mortgage Receivables attached as schedule 3 to the Servicing 
Agreement. 
Criteria means, collectively, the Common Criteria, the Specific Criteria, the Criteria 
for Public Entities Securities and the Criteria for Public Entities Receivables attached 
to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the Calculation Period), such day count fraction as may be specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is so specified, means: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(1) the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (a) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (b) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(2) the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; 
(ii) 
if Actual/Actual (ISDA) is so specified, means the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and 
(B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if Actual/360 is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if 30/360 is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)
(
) (
)


360
30
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
−
+
−

+
−


--- Page 93 ---
- 83 - 
 
where: 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
 
(vi) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)
(
) (
)


360
30
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and

--- Page 94 ---
- 84 - 
 
(vii) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)
(
) (
)


360
30
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation 
Period is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but 
excluding the last day of the Calculation Period. 
Dealers means Barclays Bank Ireland PLC and any other entity which may be 
appointed as such by the Issuer upon execution of a letter in the terms or substantially 
in the terms set out in schedule 5 (Form of Dealer Accession Letter) of the 
Programme Agreement on any other terms acceptable to the Issuer and such entity. 
Debtor means any borrower and any other person, other than a Mortgagor, who 
entered into a Mortgage Loan Agreement as principal debtor or guarantor or who is 
liable for the payment or repayment of amounts due in respect of a Mortgage Loan, as 
a consequence, inter alia, of having granted any Collateral Security or having 
assumed the borrower's obligation under an accollo, or otherwise. 
Decree No. 190 means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 190 of 5 November 2021, 
transposing Directive (EU) No. 2162/2019 into Italian law. 
Decree No. 239 means the Italian Legislative Decree number 239 of 1 April 1996, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented. 
Decree No. 310 means the ministerial decree No. 310 of 14 December 2006 issued 
by the Ministry of the Economy and Finance, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented, repealed by Decree No. 190.

--- Page 95 ---
- 85 - 
 
Deed of Charge means the English law deed of charge entered into between the 
Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders (acting as trustee for the 
Bondholders and for the Other Guarantor Creditors) on or about the First Issue Date, 
as subsequently amended. 
Deed of Pledge means the Italian law deed of pledge entered into on or about the 
First Issue Date between the Guarantor, the Account Bank, the Cash Reserve 
Commingling Account Bank and the Representative of the Bondholders (acting on 
behalf of the Bondholders and of the Other Guarantor Creditors) (as from time to 
time modified in accordance with the provisions therein contained and including any 
agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental thereof), as better 
described in the Section headed "Description of the Programme Documents – Deed of 
Pledge" of the Prospectus. 
Defaulted Receivable means Receivables which have been classified as "esposizioni 
creditizie deteriorate" pursuant to the Circular of the Bank of Italy No. 272 of 30 July 
2008 containing the "Matrice dei Conti", as subsequently amended and supplemented. 
Defaulting Party has the meaning ascribed to that term in the relevant Swap 
Agreement. 
Delinquent Mortgage Receivables means any receivable having at least one  
Instalment due and unpaid for more than 90 days following the expire of the relevant 
exemption period ("periodo di franchigia"), but which have not been classified as 
Defaulted Receivables. 
Documentation means any documentation relating to the Mortgage Receivables 
comprised in the Portfolio. 
Due for Payment means the obligation of the Guarantor to pay any Guaranteed 
Amounts following the delivery of an Issuer Event of Default Notice, such obligation 
arising: 
(a) 
prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, on the date on which 
the Guaranteed Amounts become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions and the Final Terms of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds; and 
(b) 
following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, on the date on 
which a Guarantor Event of Default Notice is served on the Guarantor. 
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the relevant Final Terms. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, 
the principal amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds means, at any time, the Series of Covered Bonds 
that has or have the earliest Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date (if applicable) 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 96 ---
- 86 - 
 
Eligible Assets means the Mortgage Receivables. 
Eligible Cover Pool means the aggregate amount of Eligible Assets, Top-up Assets 
and/or Liquid Assets (including any sum standing to the credit of the Accounts) 
included in the Cover Pool provided that (i) any Defaulted Receivable and those 
Eligible Assets, Top-up Assets and Liquid Assets for which a breach of the 
representations and warranties granted under each Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement has occurred and has not been remedied will not be considered for the 
purpose of the calculation and (ii) any Mortgage Loan in respect of which the LTV on 
the basis of the Latest Valuation exceed the percentage limit set forth under the 
Covered Bond Regulations, will be calculated up to an amount of principal which - 
taking into account the market value of the relevant Real Estate Asset - allows the 
compliance with such percentage limit. 
Eligible Institution means any bank organised under the laws of any country which 
is a member of the European Union or of the United Kingdom or of the United States 
(to the extent that United States are a country for which a 0% risk weight is 
applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for banks – 
standardized approach) and enabled to carry out banking activity in Italy (i) whose 
short-term deposit rating is at least "F2" by Fitch or whose long-term deposit rating is 
at least "BBB" by Fitch; and the short-term deposit rating is at least "P-3" by Moody's 
or whose long-term deposit rating is at least "Baa3" by Moody's; or (ii) whose 
obligations are guaranteed by an entity whose (A) short-term issuer default rating is at 
least "F2" by Fitch or long-term issuer default rating is at least "BBB" by Fitch, and 
whose (B) short-term counterparty risk assessment is at least "P-3" by Moody's or 
long-term counterparty risk assessment is at least "Baa3" by Moody's. 
Eligible Investment means any (a) Top-Up Assets and/or (b) Public Entities 
Securities, and/or (c) cash deposit held by an Eligible Institution and/or (d) any other 
debt instrument (including any repurchase transaction, certificate of deposit, 
commercial paper, debt security) issued or fully guaranteed by an Eligible Institution 
provided that in all cases: 
(I) 
such investments shall from time to time comply with Rating Agencies' 
criteria so that, inter alia: (i) the relevant exposures shall have certain 
minimum long-term and short-term ratings from the Rating Agencies; (ii) the 
maximum aggregate total exposures in general to classes of assets may be 
limited; (iii) all investments shall be denominated in Euro; (iv) all investments 
set out in letters (c) and (d) above shall be entered into with a counterparty 
which is an Eligible Institution; and (v) all investments shall have a duration 
no longer than the Eligible Investment Maturity Date immediately following 
the date on which the relevant Eligible Investment has been made; and 
(II) 
the relevant exposure meets the requirements of Article 129, letter (c), of the 
CRR. 
Eligible Investment Maturity Date means the second Business Day before each 
Guarantor Payment Date.

--- Page 97 ---
- 87 - 
 
Eligible Investments Account means the Replacement Account Bank Eligible 
Investments Account, the Credem Eligible Investments Account or each of them, as 
the case may be. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and 
Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 as amended or replaced from time to time. 
EURIBOR means the Euro-Zone Inter-Bank offered rate for Euro deposits, as 
determined from time to time pursuant to the Programme Documents.  
Euro, € and EUR refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of 
the European Union, as amended. 
Euro Equivalent means, in case of an issuance of Covered Bonds denominated in 
currency other than the Euro, an equivalent amount expressed in Euro calculated at 
the prevailing exchange rate. 
Euro-Zone means the region comprised of member states of the European Union 
which adopt the euro in accordance with the Treaty. 
Euroclear means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., with offices at 1 boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. 
Excess Assets means, collectively, any Eligible Asset, Top-Up Asset and Liquid 
Assets forming part of the Cover Pool which are in excess and shall be repurchased 
by the Seller for the purpose of satisfying the Tests. 
Excluded Swap Termination Amount means any termination payments payable by 
the Guarantor to any Swap Provider in the event of early termination of the relevant 
Swap Agreement where such Swap Provider is the Defaulting Party or the Affected 
Party. 
Expenses means any documented fees, costs, expenses and taxes required to be paid 
to any third party creditors (other than the Bondholders and the Other Guarantor 
Creditors) arising in connection with the Programme, and required to be paid in order 
to preserve the existence of the Guarantor or to maintain it in good standing, or to 
comply with applicable laws and legislation. 
Expenses Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of 
the Guarantor with the Account Bank, or such other substitute account as may be 
opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement. 
Exposure Assets Limit means the limits provided under article 129, paragraph 1a (1-
bis), lett. (a), (b), (c) e (d) of CRR, provided that pursuant to article 129, paragraph 3a 
(3-bis) of CRR, such limits shall not apply to the “cessioni di ripristino” pursuant to 
the Master Assets Purchase Agreement for purposes of complying with the Nominal 
Value Test.

--- Page 98 ---
- 88 - 
 
Extended Maturity Date means the date when final redemption payments in relation 
to a specific Series of Covered Bonds become due and payable pursuant to the 
extension of the relevant Maturity Date. 
Extension Determination Date means, with respect to each Series of Covered Bonds, 
the date falling 7 Business Days after the Maturity Date of the relevant Series. 
Extraordinary Resolution has the meaning set out in the Rules. 
Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Series. 
Final Terms means, in relation to any issue of any Series of Covered Bonds, the 
relevant terms contained in the applicable Programme Documents and, in case of any 
Series of Covered Bonds to be admitted to listing, the final terms submitted to the 
appropriate listing authority on or before the Issue Date of the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds. 
Financial Laws Consolidated Act means Italian Legislative Decree number 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
First Interest Payment Date means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
First Issue Date means the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme. 
First Series of Covered Bonds means the first Series of Covered Bonds issued by 
the Issuer in the context of the Programme. 
Fitch means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. 
Fixed Coupon Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
FSMA means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. 
Guarantee means the guarantee issued on or about the First Issue Date by the 
Guarantor for the benefit of the Bondholders (as from time to time modified in 
accordance with the provisions therein contained and including any agreement or 
other document expressed to be supplemental thereof) in accordance with the 
provisions of the Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
Guaranteed Amounts means any amounts due from time to time to the Bondholders 
in relation to each Series of Covered Bonds. 
Guaranteed Obligations means the payment obligations of the Guarantor with 
respect to the Guaranteed Amounts. 
Guarantor means CREDEM CB S.r.l., a limited liability company (società a 
responsabilità limitata) incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy pursuant 
to article 7-bis of Law 130, as applicable until the Implementation Date (which has 
been replaced by article 7-septies of Law 130), having its registered office at Via 
Vittorio Alfieri, 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy, subject to the activity of 
management and coordination ("attività di direzione e coordinamento") of CREDEM, 
fiscal code and enrolment with the companies register of Treviso-Belluno No.

--- Page 99 ---
- 89 - 
 
04326290261, belonging to the banking group known as “CREDEM”, registered with 
the register of the banking group held by the Bank of Italy.  
Guarantor Available Funds means, collectively, the Interest Available Funds and 
the Principal Available Funds. 
Guarantor Corporate Services Agreement means the agreement entered into on or 
about the First Issue Date between the Guarantor and the Guarantor Corporate 
Servicer, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the Guarantor Corporate 
Servicer will provide certain administration services to the Guarantor, as better 
described in Section headed "Description of the Programme Documents – Corporate 
Services Agreement" of the Prospectus. 
Guarantor Corporate Servicer means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. or 
any other entity acting as such pursuant to the Guarantor Corporate Services 
Agreement. 
Guarantor Event of Default Notice means the notice to be served by the 
Representative of the Bondholders upon occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Guarantor Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.3 
(Guarantor Events of Default). 
Guarantor Payment Date means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Event of 
Default Notice, the date falling on the 25th calendar day of January, April, July and 
October of each year or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the immediately 
following Business Day; and (b) following the delivery of a Guarantor Event of 
Default Notice, any day on which any payment is required to be made by the 
Representative of the Bondholders in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority 
of Payments, the relevant Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Implementation Date means the date of 31 March 2023 on which the Implementing 
Measures issued by the Bank of Italy entered into force. 
Implementing Measures means the implementing provisions amending the Bank of 
Italy Regulations issued by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Law 130. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt 
capital markets appointed by the Issuer under Condition 5(e) (Benchmark 
Replacement) at their own expense. 
Individual Purchase Price means: 
(i) with respect to each Asset or Liquid Asset, the most recent book value (ultimo 
valore di iscrizione in bilancio) of the relevant Asset or Liquid Asset; minus (x) 
any principal and interest (limited to the interest resulting by the most recent 
book value (ultimo valore di iscrizione in bilancio)) received by the Seller up to 
the relevant Valuation Date (excluded); plus (y) any Accrued Interest; or 
(ii) upon discretion of the Seller, (also with reference to the Top-Up Assets and the 
Liquid Assets), any other value, as indicated by the Seller in the relevant

--- Page 100 ---
- 90 - 
 
Transfer Notice in accordance with article 7-bis of Law 130 as applicable until 
the Implementation Date or, from the Implementation Date, Article 7-viciester of 
Law 130, the Bank of Italy Regulations and any other Bank of Italy regulation. 
Initial Portfolio means the initial portfolio of Mortgage Receivables and related 
Security Interests purchased by the Guarantor on 1 November 2010 pursuant to the 
Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
Initial Portfolio Purchase Price means the purchase price paid by the Guarantor to 
the Seller for the transfer of the Initial Portfolio. 
Insolvency Event means in respect of any company, entity or corporation that: 
(i) 
such company, entity or corporation has become subject to any applicable 
bankruptcy, 
liquidation, 
administration, 
insolvency, 
insolvency-like 
proceedings, composition with creditors, insolvent reorganisation,  turnaround 
and/or insolvency tools (strumenti di regolazione della crisi e dell’insolvenza) 
or 
negotiated 
settlement 
procedure 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
"liquidazione giudiziale", "liquidazione coatta amministrativa", "piani di 
risanamento", “accordi di ristrutturazione del debito”, “piano di 
ristrutturazione soggetto ad omologazione”, “composizione negoziata della 
crisi” and “concordato semplificato” and (other than in respect of the Issuer) 
"amministrazione straordinaria"), each such expression bearing the meaning 
ascribed to it by the laws of the Republic of Italy, and including the seeking 
of 
liquidation, 
winding-up, 
insolvent 
reorganisation, 
dissolution, 
administration or similar proceedings or the whole or any substantial part of 
the undertaking or assets of such company, entity or corporation are subject to 
a pignoramento or any procedure having a similar effect (other than in the 
case of the Guarantor, any portfolio of assets purchased by the Guarantor for 
the purposes of further programme of issuance of Covered Bonds), unless in 
the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders, (who may in this 
respect rely on the advice of a legal adviser selected by it), such proceedings 
are being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
(ii) 
an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings under (i) 
above is made in respect of or by such company, entity or corporation or such 
proceedings are otherwise initiated against such company or corporation and, 
in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders (who may in this 
respect rely on the advice of a legal adviser selected by it), the 
commencement of such proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with 
a reasonable prospect of success; or 
(iii) 
such company, entity or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment of 
deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors (other than, 
in case of the Guarantor, the creditors under the Programme Documents) or is 
granted by a competent court a moratorium in respect of any of its 
indebtedness or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or applies for

--- Page 101 ---
- 91 - 
 
suspension of payments (other than, in respect of the Issuer, the issuance of a 
resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act); or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, 
liquidation or dissolution in any form of such company, entity or corporation 
or any of the events under article 2484 of the Civil Code occurs with respect 
to such company, entity or corporation (except in any such case a winding-up, 
corporate reorganization or other proceeding for the purposes of or pursuant 
to a solvent amalgamation or reconstruction, the terms of which have been 
previously approved in writing by the Representative of the Bondholders); or 
(v) 
such company, entity or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings 
equivalent or analogous to those above under the law of any jurisdiction in 
which such company or corporation is deemed to carry on business. 
Instalment means with respect to each Mortgage Loan Agreement, each instalment 
due from the relevant Debtor thereunder and which consists of an Interest Instalment 
and a Principal Instalment.  
Instalment in Arrears means any Instalment still due and unpaid following the 
expiry of the relevant exemption period ("periodo di franchigia"). 
Insurance Companies means the companies with whom the Insurance Policies are 
held. 
Insurance Policies means the insurance policies entered into with the Insurance 
Companies in relation to each Real Estate Asset and each Mortgage Loan. 
Intercreditor Agreement means the agreement entered into on or about the First 
Issue Date between the Guarantor and the Other Guarantor Creditors (as from time to 
time modified in accordance with the provisions therein contained and including any 
agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental thereof), as better 
described in the Section headed "Description of the Programme Documents – 
Servicing Agreement" of the Prospectus. 
Interest Amount means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds and an Interest 
Period, the amount of interest payable in respect of that Series for that Interest Period. 
Interest Available Funds means in respect of any Calculation Date, the aggregate of: 
(i) 
any interest amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool 
and credited into the Interest Collection Account in respect of the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(ii) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest received by the Servicer and credited 
to the Interest Collection Account in respect of the immediately preceding 
Collection Period; 
(iii) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) 
and credited into the Accounts during the immediately preceding Collection 
Period;

--- Page 102 ---
- 92 - 
 
(iv) 
any amounts credited to the Reserve Account as at the immediately 
preceding Guarantor Payment Date; 
(v) 
all Eligible Investment Revenues in respect of the Eligible Investments made 
with reference to the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(vi) 
any amounts (excluding any principal payment) received or to be received 
under the Asset Swap Agreement(s) other than any Swap Collateral 
Excluded Amounts with reference to the immediately following Asset Swap 
Payment Date; 
(vii) 
any amounts (excluding any principal payment) received or to be received 
under the Covered Bond Swap Agreements other than any Swap Collateral 
Excluded Amounts with reference to the immediately following Covered 
Bond Swap Payment Date; 
(viii) 
any swap termination payments (excluding any principal payment) received 
or to be received from a replacement Swap Provider under a Swap 
Agreement in the event of a termination of a Swap Agreement between the 
Guarantor and the relevant Swap Provider with reference to the immediately 
following Guarantor Payment Date; 
(ix) 
all interest amounts received from the Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the 
Master Assets Purchase Agreement and credited to the Interest Collection 
Account in respect of the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(x) 
any amounts to be paid as Interest Shortfall Amount out of item (First) of the 
Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments on the immediately 
succeeding Guarantor Payment Date; 
(xi) 
any revenue amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other 
items of the Interest Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any 
party to the Programme Documents during the immediately preceding 
Collection Period; and 
(xii) 
interest amount recovered from the Issuer after the enforcement of the 
Guarantee during the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
Interest Collection Account means the euro denominated account established in the 
name of the Guarantor with the Account Bank, or such other substitute account as 
may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement. 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds or such 
other date as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Interest Coverage Test means the tests which will be carried out pursuant to the 
terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement as better detailed in section entitled 
"Credit Structure" of the Prospectus.

--- Page 103 ---
- 93 - 
 
Interest Determination Date has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Interest Instalment means the interest component of each Instalment. 
Interest Payment Date means the First Interest Payment Date and any date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant 
Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, 
each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period 
of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of 
the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any 
other case). 
Interest Period means, in relation to each Series of Covered Bonds, the period 
commencing on (and including) the relevant Interest Payment Date and ending to 
(and excluding) the immediately following Interest Payment Date, as specified as 
such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Shortfall Amount means, on any Guarantor Payment Date, an amount equal 
to difference, if positive, between (a) the aggregate amounts payable under items 
First to Sixth of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments; and (b) the 
Interest Available Funds (net of such Interest Shortfall Amount) on such Guarantor 
Payment Date. 
Investment Manager means CREDEM or any other entity acting as such pursuant to 
the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended and updated as at 
the date of issue of the first Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc.; or the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivative 
Definitions (as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds) as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and available on www.ISDA.org. Upon request 
of the Bondholders copy of the “ISDA Definitions” may be provided by the Issuer. 
Issue Date means each date on which a Series of Covered Bonds is issued. 
Issuer means Credito Emiliano S.p.A. 
Issuer Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.2 (Issuer Events 
of Default).

--- Page 104 ---
- 94 - 
 
Issuer Event of Default Notice means the notice to be served by the Representative 
of the Bondholders to the Issuer and the Guarantor upon occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default. 
Italian Insolvency Code means the Italian Legislative Decree no. 14 of 12 January 
2019 (Codice della crisi d’impresa e dell’insolvenza), as amended, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time. 
Latest Valuation means, at any time with respect to any Real Estate Asset, the value 
given to the relevant Real Estate Asset by the most recent valuation (to be performed 
in accordance with the requirements provided for under the Bank of Italy Regulations, 
including under Section III, paragraph 1.1) addressed to the Seller or obtained from 
an independently maintained valuation model, acceptable to reasonable and prudent 
institutional mortgage lenders in Italy. 
Law 130 means Italian Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 as the same may be amended, 
modified or supplemented from time to time. 
Lead Managers means, in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds, the banks 
indicated as lead managers in the relevant Final Terms. 
Liabilities means in respect of any person, any losses, damages, costs, charges, 
awards, claims, demands, expenses, judgements, actions, proceedings or other 
liabilities whatsoever including legal fees and any taxes and penalties incurred by that 
person, together with any VAT or similar tax charged or chargeable in respect of any 
sum referred to in this definition. 
Liquid Assets means the assets referred to under Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, 
letters (a) and (b) of Law 130, being: 
(i) 
high quality liquid assets pursuant to Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/61, adopted pursuant to article 460 of the CRR, which have not been 
issued by the bank itself, by its parent institution, unless the latter is a public 
sector entity other than a bank, by a subsidiary of the issuing bank or by 
another subsidiary of the parent institution or by a securitization special 
purpose vehicle closely related to the bank; 
(ii) 
exposures with an original maturity of ninety days or less to banks that qualify 
for credit quality steps 1 or 2 or short-term deposits with banks that are 
classified for credit quality steps 1, 2 or 3 in accordance with Article 129, 
paragraph 1, letter c) of the CRR, 
provided that such assets meet the requirements to qualify as eligible assets under 
article 129 of the CRR and Law 130. 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount means the liquidity buffer requirement pursuant to 
article 7-duodecies of Law 130, as set out in the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Listing Agent means BNP Paribas, Luxembourg branch or any other entity acting as 
such in the context of the Programme.

--- Page 105 ---
- 95 - 
 
LTV means, with reference to each Mortgage Loan, the ratio between the amount 
granted under a Mortgage Loan Agreement, added to the principal amount 
outstanding of any higher ranking mortgage loans secured by the same property, and 
the value of the relevant property, calculated in accordance with the Prudential 
Regulations. 
Mandate Agreement means the mandate agreement entered into on or about the 
First Issue Date between the Representative of the Bondholders and the Guarantor (as 
from time to time modified in accordance with the provisions therein contained and 
including any agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental thereof), as 
better described in section headed "Description of the Programme Documents – the 
Mandate Agreement" of the Prospectus. 
Mandatory Tests means the tests provided under article 7-undecies of the Law 130, 
being the Nominal Value Test, the Net Present Value Test and the Interest Coverage 
Test, each as required under the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Margin means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the applicable rate as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Master Definitions Agreement means the master definitions agreement entered into 
on or about the First Issue Date by the parties of the Programme Documents (as from 
time to time modified in accordance with the provisions therein contained and 
including any agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental thereof). 
Master Assets Purchase Agreement means the master assets purchase agreement 
entered into on 29 October 2010 between the Guarantor and the Seller (as from time 
to time modified in accordance with the provisions herein contained and including 
any agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental thereof), as better 
described in the Section headed "Description of the Programme Documents – Master 
Assets Purchase Agreement" of the Prospectus. 
Maturity Date means each date on which final redemption payments for a Series of 
Covered Bonds become due, provided that this date is not extended to the Extended 
Maturity Date, in accordance with the relevant Final Terms. 
Maximum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Meeting has the meaning set out in the Rules. 
Minimum OC Requirement has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 1.2 
(Other Definitions) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Minimum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Minimum Required Account Bank Rating means the short term and/or the long 
term ratings as determined to be applicable or agreed by the Rating Agencies from 
time to time with reference to Credito Emiliano S.p.A. (or any institution 
guaranteeing its obligation on the basis of a guarantee satisfying the criteria of the 
Rating Agencies), being, as at the date hereof, “P-3” and “Baa3” by Moody’s and 
“F2” or “BBB” by Fitch.

--- Page 106 ---
- 96 - 
 
Monte Titoli means Monte Titoli S.p.A. (commercial name “Euronext Securities 
Milan”), a società per azioni having its registered office at Piazza degli Affari, 6, 
20123 Milan, Italy. 
Monte Titoli Account Holders means any authorised financial intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli (as 
intermediari aderenti) in accordance with Article 83-quater of the Financial Laws 
Consolidated Act and includes any depositary banks approved by Clearstream and 
Euroclear. 
Monte Titoli Mandate Agreement means the agreement entered into between the 
Issuer and Monte Titoli. 
Monthly Servicer's Report Date means the date falling on the fifth Business Day 
immediately preceding the 25th calendar day of each month. 
Moody's means Moody’s Italia S.r.l.. 
Mortgage means the mortgage security interests (ipoteche) created on the Real Estate 
Assets pursuant to Italian law in order to secure claims in respect of the Mortgage 
Receivables. 
Mortgage Loans means, collectively, the Residential Mortgage Loans and the 
Commercial Mortgage Loans. 
Mortgage Loan Agreements means, collectively, the Residential Mortgage Loan 
Agreements and the Commercial Mortgage Loan Agreements and each of them a 
Mortgage Loan Agreement. 
Mortgage Receivables means, collectively, the Commercial Mortgage Receivables 
and the Residential Mortgage Loan Agreements. 
Mortgagor means any person, either a borrower or a third party, who has granted a 
Mortgage in favour of the Seller to secure the payment or repayment of any amounts 
payable in respect of a Mortgage Loan, and/or his/her successor in interest. 
Negative Carry Factor means the number, expressed as a percentage, equal to (a) 
the WA Swap Margin paid by the Guarantor to the Covered Bond Swap Provider(s), 
under the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement, or, absent such Covered Bond 
Swap Agreement, (b) the WA CB Margin or (c) combination of (a) and (b) above, as 
the case maybe, or any other higher percentage designated as such by the Issuer and 
notified to the Test Calculation Agent and the Rating Agencies. 
Net Liquidity Outflow has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 1.2 (Other 
Definitions) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Net Present Value Test means the test which will be carried out pursuant to the 
terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement as better detailed in section entitled 
"Credit Structure" of the Prospectus. 
Nominal Value Test means the test which will be carried out pursuant to the terms of 
the Cover Pool Management Agreement as better detailed in section entitled "Credit 
Structure" of the Prospectus.

--- Page 107 ---
- 97 - 
 
Obligations means all the obligations of the Guarantor created by or arising under the 
Programme Documents. 
Official Gazette means the Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana. 
Optional Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, if 
the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
principal amount at which such Series may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer as 
may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) means, in respect of any Series of Covered 
Bonds, the principal amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified 
in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) means, in respect of any Series of Covered 
Bonds, the principal amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified 
in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption Date means in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, if the 
Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the day on 
which such Series may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer as may be specified in, 
or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Order means a final, judicial or arbitration decision, ruling or award from a court of 
competent jurisdiction that is not subject to possible appeal or reversal. 
Organisation of the Bondholders means the association of the Bondholders, 
organised pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders. 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified Reference Rate, benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) on the Covered Bonds. 
Other Guarantor Creditors means the Seller, the Servicer, the Back-up Servicer (if 
any), the Subordinated Loan Provider, the Investment Manager, the Calculation 
Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Bondholders, the Asset 
Swap Provider, the Covered Bond Swap Providers, the Account Bank, the Guarantor 
Corporate Servicer, the Cash Reserve Commingling Account Bank and, following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Asset Monitor, the Portfolio Manager (if 
any), the Principal Paying Agent, and any other paying agent (if any) appointed 
pursuant to the Programme Documents. 
Outstanding Principal Amount means, on any date in respect of any Series of 
Covered Bonds or, where applicable, in respect of all Series of Covered Bonds the 
principal aggregate amount outstanding of such Series or, where applicable, of all 
Series of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 108 ---
- 98 - 
 
Outstanding Principal Balance means, on any date, in relation to a loan, a bond or 
any other asset included in the Cover Pool, the aggregate nominal principal amount 
outstanding of such loan, bond or asset as at such date. 
Payments Account means the Replacement Account Bank Payments Account, the 
Credem Payments Account or each of them, as the case may be. 
Payment Business Day means a day on which banks in the relevant Place of 
Payment are open for payment of amounts due in respect of debt securities and for 
dealings in foreign currencies and any day which is: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, a T2 Settlement Day and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Holiday means in respect of a Mortgage Loan, the deferral of the payment 
of its interest and/or principal instalments in accordance with the application of 
moratoria provisions from time to time granted to Debtors by any laws, agreements 
between Italian banking associations and national consumer associations, the Bank of 
Italy or other regulatory bodies regulations. 
Payments Report means a report setting out all the payments to be made on the 
following Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the Priorities of Payments 
which is required to be delivered by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the Cash 
Management, Allocation and Payments Agreement. 
Place of Payment means, in respect of any Covered Bondholders, the place at which 
such Covered Bondholder receives payment of interest or principal on the Covered 
Bonds. 
Portfolio means collectively the Initial Portfolio and any other Subsequent Portfolios 
which has been purchased and which will be purchased by the Guarantor in 
accordance with the terms of the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
Portfolio Manager means the entity appointed as such in accordance with clause 8.2 
of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Guarantor Available Funds shall be applied, following the delivery of a 
Guarantor Event of Default Notice, on each Guarantor Payment Date as set out in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Guarantor Available Funds shall be applied, following the delivery of an 
Issuer Event of Default Notice, on each Guarantor Payment Date. 
Potential Commingling Amount means an amount calculated by the Issuer (or the 
Servicer, as the case may be) equal to the expected aggregate amount of monthly

--- Page 109 ---
- 99 - 
 
collections and recoveries calculated in respect of the next following 2 months and 
considering a 5% constant prepayment ratio p.a.., or any other higher amount 
designated as such by the Issuer (or the Servicer, as the case maybe) and notified to 
the Rating Agencies. 
Potential Set-Off Amount means an amount, calculated by the Issuer as a percentage 
of the Cover Pool that the Issuer determines as potentially subject to set-off by the 
Debtors. 
Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments means the order of priority 
pursuant to which the Interest Available Funds shall be applied, prior to the delivery 
of an Issuer Event of Default Notice, on each Guarantor Payment Date as set out in 
the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments means the order of priority 
pursuant to which the Principal Available Funds shall be applied, prior to the delivery 
of an Issuer Event of Default Notice, on each Guarantor Payment Date as set out in 
the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Pre-Issuer Default Priority of Payments means, as applicable, the Pre-Issuer 
Default Interest Priority of Payments or the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of 
Payments as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Premium means, on each Guarantor Payment Date, an amount payable by the 
Guarantor on the Subordinated Loan in accordance with the relevant Priority of 
Payments and equal to the Guarantor Available Funds as at such date, after all 
amounts payable in priority thereto have been made in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments. 
Principal Amount Outstanding means, on any day: (a) in relation to a Covered 
Bond, the principal amount of that Covered Bond upon issue less the aggregate 
amount of any principal payments in respect of that Covered Bond which have 
become due and payable (and been paid) on or prior to that day; and (b) in relation to 
the Covered Bonds outstanding at any time, the aggregate of the amount in (a) in 
respect of all Covered Bonds outstanding. 
Principal Available Funds means in respect of any Calculation Date, the aggregate 
of, without duplication: 
(i) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool 
and credited to the Principal Collection Account of the Guarantor in respect 
of the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(ii) 
all other recoveries in respect of principal received by the Servicer and 
credited to the Principal Collection Account of the Guarantor in respect of 
the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(iii) 
all principal amounts received by the Guarantor from the Seller pursuant to 
the Master Assets Purchase Agreement and credited to the Principal 
Collection Account in respect of the immediately preceding Collection 
Period;

--- Page 110 ---
- 100 - 
 
(iv) 
the principal proceeds of any disposal of Assets or Liquid Assets and any 
disinvestment of Assets or Eligible Investments made in respect of the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(v) 
all amounts in respect of principal (if any) received or to be received under 
any Asset Swap Agreements (other than any Swap Collateral Excluded 
Amounts) with reference to the immediately following Asset Swap Payment 
Date; 
(vi) 
all amounts in respect of principal (if any) received or to be received under 
any Covered Bond Swap Agreements (other than any Swap Collateral 
Excluded Amounts) with reference to the immediately following Covered 
Bond Swap Payment Date; 
(vii) 
any swap termination payments (excluding any interest payment) received or 
to be received from a replacement Swap Provider under a Swap Agreement 
in the event of a termination of a Swap Agreement between the Guarantor 
and the relevant Swap Provider with reference to the immediately following 
Guarantor Payment Date; 
(viii) 
any amounts to be paid out of item Seventh of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest 
Priority of Payments on the immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment 
Date; 
(ix) 
any other principal amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts as of the 
immediately preceding Collection Period End Date; 
(x) 
any principal amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other 
items of the Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any 
party to the Programme Documents during the immediately preceding 
Collection Period; 
(xi) 
principal amount recovered from the Issuer after the enforcement of the 
Guarantee during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(xii) 
following an Issuer Event of Default Notice, and before a Guarantor Event of 
Default Notice, all principal amounts standing to the credit of the Eligible 
Investments Account as at the relevant Calculation Date. 
Principal Collection Account means the euro denominated account established in 
the name of the Guarantor with the Account Bank, or such other substitute account as 
may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement. 
Principal Financial Centre means, in relation to any currency, the principal 
financial centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to Euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Principal Paying Agent; and

--- Page 111 ---
- 101 - 
 
(b) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in 
relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in 
each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Principal Paying Agent. 
Principal Instalment means the principal component of each Instalment. 
Principal Paying Agent means BNP Paribas, Italian branch, or any other entity 
acting as such in the context of the Programme. 
Priority of Payments means each of the orders in which the Guarantor Available 
Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the 
Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Privacy Rules means, collectively, the regulation issued by the Italian Privacy 
Authority (Autorità Garante per la Protezione dei Dati Personali) on 18 January 
2007, the Regulation (EU) no. 679 of 27 April 2016 and the subsequent implementing 
national measures. 
Programme means the programme for the issuance of each series of Covered Bonds 
(obbligazioni bancarie garantite) by the Issuer in accordance with article 7-bis of 
Law 130 as applicable until the Implementation Date or, from the Implementation 
Date, the article 7-quinquies and subsequent of Law 130. 
Programme Agreement means the programme agreement entered into on or about 
the First Issue Date between the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Dealers and the 
Representative of the Bondholders (as from time to time modified in accordance with 
the provisions herein contained and including any agreement or other document 
expressed to be supplemental thereof), as better describer in the Section headed 
"Description of the Programme Documents – Programme Agreement" of the 
Prospectus. 
Programme Documents means the Master Assets Purchase Agreement, the 
Servicing Agreement, the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payment Agreement, the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the 
Programme Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Guarantee, the Guarantor Corporate 
Services Agreement, the Swap Agreements, the Mandate Agreement, the 
Quotaholders' Agreement, the Deed of Pledge, the Deed of Charge, the Master 
Definitions Agreement, the Conditions and each Final Terms and any other 
agreement entered into in connection with the Programme and any other agreement 
designated as “Programme Document” by the Issuer. 
Programme Limit means €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies), as a 
maximum aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds at any time outstanding 
under the Programme or the higher amount determined by the Issuer in accordance 
with the provisions of the Programme Agreement. 
Programme Resolution means an extraordinary resolution passed at a single 
meeting of the Bondholders of all Series, held in accordance with the provisions 
contained in Rules.

--- Page 112 ---
- 102 - 
 
Prospectus means the Prospectus prepared in connection with the Programme. 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented. 
Prudential Regulations means the prudential regulations for banks issued by the 
Bank of Italy on 17 December 2013 with Circular No. 285 (Disposizioni di vigilanza 
per le Banche), as subsequently amended and supplemented. 
Public Assets means, collectively, the Public Entities Receivables and the Public 
Entities Securities, provided that, the Public Assets may not amount to more than 
10% of the aggregate nominal value of the Cover Pool and further provided that such 
limit may be temporarily exceeded if necessary in order to cure a breach of Tests, 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, Minimum OC Requirement and/or Exposure Assets 
Limit. 
Public Entities means any of the authorities or entities set out in article 129, 
paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b) of the CRR. 
Public Entities Receivables means any receivables owned by or receivables which 
have been benefit of a guarantee eligible for credit risk mitigation granted by a Public 
Entity pursuant to article 129, paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b) of the CRR and article 
7-novies of the Law 130. 
Public Entities Securities means any securities issued by or which have benefit of a 
guarantee eligible for credit risk mitigation granted by Public Entities pursuant to 
article 129, paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b) of the CRR and article 7-novies of the Law 
130. 
Purchase Price means, as applicable, the purchase price of the Initial Portfolio (the 
Initial Portfolio Purchase Price) or the purchase price of any Subsequent Portfolios 
(the Subsequent Portfolio Purchase Price) pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase 
Agreement. 
Put Option Notice means a notice of exercise relating to the put option contained in 
Condition 6, letter (f) (Redemption at the option of the Bondholders), substantially in 
the form which may, from time to time, be agreed between the Issuer and the 
Principal Paying Agent. 
Put Option Receipt means a receipt issued by the Principal Paying Agent to a 
depositing Covered Bondholder upon deposit of Covered Bonds with the Principal 
Paying Agent by any Covered Bondholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem 
Covered Bonds at the option of the Covered Bondholder. 
Quarterly Servicer's Report Date means the date falling on the fifth Business Day 
immediately preceding each Guarantor Payment Date. 
Quota Capital Account means the euro denominated account established in the 
name of the Guarantor with Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. (IBAN: IT 05 K 
01030 61622 000061239541) as specified in the Cash Allocation Management and 
Payments Agreement, or such other substitute account as may be opened in 
accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement.

--- Page 113 ---
- 103 - 
 
Quotaholders means Credito Emiliano S.p.A. and SVM Securitisation Vehicles 
Management S.r.l. and Quotaholder means any of them. 
Quotaholders' Agreement means the agreement entered into on or about the First 
Issue Date by the Guarantor, the Quotaholders and the Representative of the 
Bondholders, as better described in the Section headed "The Guarantor – The 
Quotaholders' Agreement" of the Prospectus. 
Rate of Interest means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Series of Covered Bonds specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these 
Conditions. 
Rating Agencies means, to the extent they have attributed a rating to any Series of 
Covered Bonds, Fitch and Moody's. 
Real Estate Assets means the real estate properties which have been mortgaged in 
order to secure the Mortgage Receivables. 
Receiver has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Deed of Charge. 
Recoveries means any amounts received or recovered by the Servicer in relation to 
any Defaulted Receivables and any Delinquent Mortgage Receivables. 
Redemption Amount means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other 
amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Banks has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
major banks selected by the Principal Paying Agent in the market that is most closely 
connected with the Reference Rate. 
Reference Rate means the rate by reference to which Floating Rates of Interest will 
be calculated (such as, but not limited to, EURIBOR). The Reference Rate and the 
manner in which the Floating Rates of Interest will be calculated using the Reference 
Rate (including any margin over or below the Reference Rate) will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue of the relevant Covered Bonds 
and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Regular Period means: 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by 
means of regular payments, each period from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and 
each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date to but 
excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but

--- Page 114 ---
- 104 - 
 
excluding the next Regular Date, where Regular Date means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one Interest Period other 
than the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means 
of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling 
in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where Regular Date 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period. 
Relevant Clearing System means Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other clearing system (other than Monte Titoli) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as a clearing system through which payments under the Covered Bonds may 
be made. 
Relevant Financial Centre has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of the Original Reference Rate: 
i. 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution 
for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
ii. 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary 
authority or any similar institution for the currency to which the Original 
Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant 
Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as 
may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each 
case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information 
appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the 
Reference Rate. 
Relevant Time has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Register means the register maintained by the Registrar in relation to the Registered 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
Registered Paying Agent means any institution which shall be appointed by the 
Issuer to act as paying agent in respect of the Registered Covered Bond under the 
Programme. 
Registered Covered Bonds means the Covered Bonds issued in registered form.

--- Page 115 ---
- 105 - 
 
"Replacement Account Bank" means the entity that may be designated by the 
Investment Manager in accordance with the provisions of the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement.  
"Replacement Account Bank Accounts" means, collectively, the Replacement 
Account Bank Eligible Investments Account, the Replacement Account Bank Reserve 
Account, the Replacement Account Bank Securities Account, the Replacement 
Account Bank Payments Account and the Replacement Account Bank Swap 
Collateral Account. 
"Replacement Account Bank Eligible Investments Account" means the euro 
denominated account that may be established in the name of the Guarantor with the 
Replacement Account Bank in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement. 
"Replacement Account Bank Payments Account" means the euro denominated 
account that may be established in the name of the Guarantor with the Replacement 
Account Bank in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement. 
"Replacement Account Bank Reserve Account" means the euro denominated 
account that may be established in the name of the Guarantor with the Replacement 
Account Bank in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement. 
"Replacement Account Bank Securities Account" means the euro denominated 
account that may be established in the name of the Guarantor with the Replacement 
Account Bank in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement. 
“Replacement Account Bank Shift Event” means the event which occurs if, 
following the occurrence of a Credem Account Bank Shift Event corresponding to the 
loss by Credem of the Minimum Required Account Bank Rating, (i) the rating of 
Credem is at any time re-established to the Minimum Required Account Bank Rating 
and (ii) Credem confirms in writing to the Investment Manager that it accepts to act as 
Account Bank with respect to the Credem Accounts pursuant to the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Replacement Account Bank Shift Notice” means the notice to be promptly 
delivered from the Investment Manager to the other Parties and the Rating Agencies 
upon occurrence of a Replacement Account Bank Shift Event. 
"Replacement Account Bank Swap Collateral Account" means any account that 
may be opened by the Guarantor with the Replacement Account Bankin accordance 
with any Swap Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Representative of the Bondholders means BNP Paribas, Italian branch or any entity 
that will act as representative of the Bondholders pursuant to the Programme 
Agreement and the Rules. 
Required Redemption Amount means in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds, 
the amount calculated as at the Principal Amount Outstanding of each Series of 
Covered Bonds. 
Required Reserve Amount means, with reference to each Calculation Date, an 
amount equal to the higher between:

--- Page 116 ---
- 106 - 
 
(A) 
(a) 
the aggregate amounts payable on the immediately following Guarantor Payment 
Date in respect of item (i) (First) to (iii) (Third) of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest 
Priority of Payments; and 
(b) 
the swap interest payments in respect of each relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement or, if no Covered Bond Swap Agreement has been entered into in 
relation to a Series of Covered Bond, the interest amounts due in relation to that 
Series of Covered Bonds, and which accrues in respect of a period of 3 months; 
and 
(B)  
(a) 
the aggregate amounts payable on the immediately following Guarantor Payment 
Date in respect of item (i) (First) to (iii) (Third) of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest 
Priority of Payments; and 
(b) 
the interest amounts in relation to all Series of Covered Bonds outstanding which 
are due or expected to be borne by the Guarantor during the three-month period 
which starts on the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) 
and ends on the second immediately following Guarantor Payment Date (included). 
Reserve Account means the Replacement Account Bank Reserve Account, the 
Credem Reserve Account or each of them, as the case may be. 
Reserve Amount means any amount to be credited into the Reserve Account up to 
the Required Reserve Amount. 
Residential Mortgage Loan means: 
(A) 
until the Implementation Date, “crediti ipotecari residenziali” as defined under 
article 1, sub-paragraph 1, letter (b) of Decree No. 310 having the features set 
forth under article 2, sub-paragraph 1, letter (a) of Decree No. 310; and 
(B) 
from the Implementation Date, mortgage loans secured by residential real 
estate that meet the requirements of article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (d) of the 
CRR and article 7-novies of Law 130. 
Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement means any residential mortgage loan 
agreement out of which Residential Mortgage Receivables arise. 
Residential Mortgage Receivables means the receivables deriving from a 
Residential Mortgage Loan pursuant to a Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement. 
Retention Amount means an amount equal to € 30.000, or any other amount agreed 
by Issuer and the Guarantor with the prior approval of the Representative of the 
Bondholders and prior notice to the Rating Agencies. 
Rules means the Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders. 
“Securities" means any Top-Up Asset or Liquid Asset consisting in securities, 
including the Public Entities Securities.

--- Page 117 ---
- 107 - 
 
Securities Account means the Replacement Account Bank Securities Account, the 
Credem Securities Account or each of them, as the case may be. 
Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Security means the security created pursuant to the Deed of Pledge and the Deed of 
Charge. 
Security Interest means: 
(i) 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance securing any 
obligation of any person; 
(ii) 
any arrangement under which money or claims to money, or the benefit of, a 
bank or other account may be applied, set off or made subject to a combination 
of accounts so as to effect discharge of any sum owed or payable to any person; 
or 
(iii) any other type of preferential arrangement (including any title transfer and 
retention arrangement) having a similar effect. 
Segregation Event means the occurrence of a breach of any Tests on a given 
Calculation Date which remains unremedied within the Test Grace Period. 
Selected Assets means the Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and/or Liquid Assets 
which may be selected from the Cover Pool on a random basis by the Servicer to be 
sold on behalf of the Guarantor pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Seller means CREDEM in its capacity as such pursuant to the Master Assets 
Purchase Agreement. 
Senior Payments means all payments to be made by the Guarantor pursuant to items 
from First to Fifth under the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments. 
Series or Series of Covered Bonds means each series of Covered Bonds issued in 
the context of the Programme. 
Servicer means CREDEM in its capacity as such pursuant to the Servicing 
Agreement. 
Servicer's Report means the quarterly or monthly report, as the case may be, 
delivered by the Servicer on each Servicer's Report Date and containing details on the 
Collections of the Mortgage Receivables during the relevant Collection Periods 
prepared in accordance with the Servicing Agreement. 
Servicer's Report Date means either a Quarterly Servicer's Report Date or a 
Monthly Servicer's Report Date as the case may be. 
Servicer Termination Event means an event which allows the Guarantor to 
terminate the Servicer's appointment and appoint a Substitute Servicer, according to 
Clause 10 of the Servicing Agreement. 
Servicing Agreement means the agreement entered into on 29 October 2010 between 
the Guarantor and the Servicer (as from time to time modified in accordance with the 
provisions therein contained and including any agreement or other document

--- Page 118 ---
- 108 - 
 
expressed to be supplemental thereof), as better describer in the Section headed 
"Description of the Programme Documents – Servicing Agreement" of the Prospectus. 
Specific Criteria has the meaning ascribed to such term under section entitled 
"Description of the Cover Pool – Eligibility Criteria". 
Specific Criteria for the Subsequent Portfolios has the meaning ascribed to such 
term under section entitled "Description of the Cover Pool – Eligibility Criteria". 
Specified Currency means the currency as may be agreed from time to time by the 
Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s), the Principal Paying Agent and the Representative of 
the Bondholders (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Specified Denomination(s) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Specified Period has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Stock Exchange means the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's main regulated market, 
Bourse de Luxembourg. 
Subordinated Loan Account means the euro denominated account established in the 
name of the Guarantor with the Seller as specified in the Cash Allocation 
Management and Payments Agreement, or such other substitute account as may be 
opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement. 
Subordinated Loan Agreement means the subordinated loan agreement entered into 
on 29 October 2010 between the Guarantor and the Subordinated Loan Provider in 
the context of the Programme, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time.  
Subordinated Loan Provider means CREDEM, in its capacity as such pursuant to 
the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Subscription Agreement means any subscription agreement entered on or about the 
Issue Date of each Series of Covered Bonds between each Dealer and the Issuer, 
pursuant to the Programme Agreement. 
Subsequent Portfolios means any portfolio (other than the Initial Portfolio), 
comprising Eligible Assets and/or Top Up Assets and/or Liquid Assets, which may be 
purchased by the Guarantor pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the 
Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
Subsequent Portfolio Purchase Price means the consideration which the Guarantor 
shall pay to the Seller for the transfer of Subsequent Portfolios and equal to the 
aggregate amount of the Individual Purchase Price of all the relevant Eligible Assets 
and/or Top Up Assets and/or Liquid Assets included in such Subsequent Portfolio as 
at the relevant Valuation Date. 
Substitute Servicer means the successor of the Servicer upon the occurrence of a 
Servicer Termination Event, which may be appointed by the Guarantor pursuant to 
Article 10.6 of the Servicing Agreement. 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.

--- Page 119 ---
- 109 - 
 
Swap Agreements means, jointly and severally, the Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement(s), the Asset Swap Agreement(s), each being a 1992 ISDA Master 
Agreement (Multicurrency – Cross Border) entered into from time to time (including 
the respective schedules and credit support annexes thereto and each confirmation 
evidencing a swap transaction thereunder) and any other swap agreement which may 
be entered into by the Guarantor in the context of the Programme. 
Swap Collateral means an amount equal to the value of collateral provided by a 
Swap Provider to the Guarantor under the relevant Swap Agreement. 
Swap Collateral Account means the Replacement Account Bank Swap Collateral 
Account, the Credem Swap Collateral Account or each of them, as the case may be.  
Swap Collateral Account Bank means Credito Emiliano S.p.A. or the Replacement 
Account Bank (to the extent appointed)acting as Swap Collateral Account Bank, or 
any other entity acting as such pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement. 
Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts means at any time, the amount of Swap 
Collateral which may not be applied under the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement 
at that time in satisfaction of the obligations of the relevant Swap Provider to the 
Guarantor, including Swap Collateral which is to be returned to the relevant Swap 
Provider from time to time in accordance with the terms of such Swap Agreement 
and ultimately upon termination of the relevant Swap Agreement. 
Swap Providers means, as applicable and as the context may require, any or all of 
the Asset Swap Provider(s), the Covered Bond Swap Providers and any other entity 
which may act as swap counterparty to the Guarantor by entering into a Swap 
Agreement. 
Tax means any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Republic 
of Italy or any political sub-division thereof or any authority thereof or therein. 
Test Calculation Agent means Credito Emiliano S.p.A. and following an Issuer 
Event of Default consisting in an Issuer Insolvency Event, the Servicer as appointed 
pursuant to the Cash Allocation Management and Payments Agreement. 
Test Calculation Date means, following the breach of any Test, the second Business 
Day immediately preceding the 25th calendar day of each month. 
Test Grace Period means the period starting on the date on which the breach of any 
Test is notified by the Test Calculation Agent and ending on the immediately 
following Test Calculation Date. 
Test Performance Report means the report to be delivered on each Calculation Date 
(or Test Calculation Date, as the case may be), by the Test Calculation Agent 
pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Test Remedy Period means the period starting from the date on which a Breach of 
Test Notice is delivered and ending on immediately following Test Calculation Date.

--- Page 120 ---
- 110 - 
 
Tests means, collectively, the Mandatory Test and the Amortisation Test. 
Top-Up Assets means:  
(i) 
any debt securities or other exposures referred to in Article 129, Paragraph 1, 
letters (a) and (b) of the CRR, being: 
(1) 
exposures to or guaranteed by central governments, the ESCB central 
banks, public sector entities, regional governments or local authorities 
in the Union; 
(2) 
exposures to or guaranteed by third country central governments, 
third-country central banks, multilateral development banks, inter-
national organisations that qualify for the credit quality step 1, and 
exposures to or guaranteed by third-country public sector entities, 
third-country regional governments or third-country local authorities 
that are risk weighted as exposures to institutions or central 
governments and central banks in accordance with Article 115(1) or 
(2), or Article 116(1), (2) or (4) respectively and that qualify for the 
credit quality step 1, and exposures within the meaning of this point 
that qualify as a minimum for the credit quality step 2, provided that 
they do not exceed 20 % of the nominal amount of outstanding 
covered bonds of the issuing institutions; 
(ii) 
the assets referred to in Article 129, Paragraph 1, letter (c), being exposures 
to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or credit quality step 
2, or exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 
where those exposures are in the form of (1) short-term deposits with an 
original maturity not exceeding 100 days, where used to meet the cover pool 
liquidity buffer requirement of Article 16 of Directive (EU) 2019/2162; or (2) 
derivative contracts that meet the requirements of Article 11(1) of that 
Directive, which meet the requirements of Article 129, Paragraph 1(a) of the 
CRR,  
provided that assets under (i) and (ii) above are qualified as eligible assets pursuant to 
article 7-novies of the Law 130 and article 129 of CRR. 
Total Commitment means the amount indicated by the Subordinated Loan Provider 
in accordance with the Subordinated Loan. 
Transfer Agreement means any transfer agreement for the purchase of each 
Subsequent Portfolio entered into between the Seller and the Guarantor in accordance 
with the terms of the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
Transfer Date means each date on which the Portfolio is transferred from the Seller 
to the Guarantor which, with reference to the Initial Portfolio, means 1 November 
2010 and, with reference to the Subsequent Portfolios, means the date indicated by 
the Seller in the relevant Transfer Notice. 
Transfer Notice means, in respect to each Subsequent Portfolio, such transfer notice 
which will be sent by the Seller and addressed to the Guarantor in the form set out in 
schedule 7 to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
Treaty means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union as amended.

--- Page 121 ---
- 111 - 
 
Usury Law means the Italian Law number 108 of 7 March 1996 together with 
Decree number 394 of 29 December 2000 which has been converted in law by Law 
number 24 of 28 February 2001, as subsequently amended and supplemented. 
Valuation Date means, in respect of the Initial Portfolio, 1 November 2010 and in 
respect of each Subsequent Portfolio the date – selected by the Seller - on which the 
economic effects of the transfer of the relevant Portfolio will commence. 
VAT or Value Added Tax means Imposta sul Valore Aggiunto (IVA) as defined in 
D.P.R. number 633 of 26 October 1972. 
WA CB Margin means the weighted average positive or negative margin, over 
applicable (i) Mid-Swap rate or (ii) Euribor with a certain designated maturity, as the 
case maybe, paid by the Issuer with respect to any Series of Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme, weighted by the Outstanding Principal Amount of the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds. 
WA Swap Margin means the weighted average positive or negative margin, over 
applicable Euribor with a certain designated maturity, paid by the Guarantor to the 
Covered Bond Swap Provider under the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement, 
weighted by the Outstanding Principal Amount of the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds hedged under such relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement. 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement means the warranty and indemnity agreement 
entered into on 29 October 2010 between the Seller and the Guarantor (as from time 
to time modified in accordance with the provisions therein contained and including 
any agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental thereof), as better 
describer in the Section headed "Description of the Programme Documents – 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement" of the Prospectus. 
2. 
Denomination, Form and Title 
The Covered Bonds are in the Specified Denomination or Specified Denominations which 
may include a minimum denomination of € 100,000 (or, where the Specified Currency is a 
currency other than Euro, the Euro Equivalent in such Specified Currency) and higher integral 
multiples of a smaller amount, all as specified in the relevant Final Terms and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Covered Bond admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation will be € 100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are denominated 
in a Specified Currency other than Euro, the Euro Equivalent in such Specified Currency). 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in dematerialised form or in any other form (registered or 
bearer form, book entry or certified form) as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will be held on behalf of their ultimate 
owners by Monte Titoli for the account of the Monte Titoli Account Holders until redemption 
or cancellation thereof and title thereto will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with 
the provisions of (i) Article 83-bis et seq. of the Financial Laws Consolidated Act and the 
relevant implementing regulations and (ii) the joint regulation of CONSOB and the Bank of 
Italy dated 13 August 2018 and published in the Official Gazette No. 201 of 30 August 2018,

--- Page 122 ---
- 112 - 
 
as amended and supplemented from time to time. No physical document of title will be issued 
in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form. The rights and powers of the 
Bondholders may only be exercised in accordance with these Conditions, the Final Terms and 
the Rules. 
The Covered Bonds issued in registered form will be represented by a certificate (the 
Certificate) which shall bear the manual, facsimile or scanned signature of one duly 
authorised signatory of the Issuer and will be manually authenticated by or on behalf of the 
Registrar.  
The rights of the Bondholder, arising from the Registered Covered Bonds and title to the 
relevant Certificate itself will pass by assignment and registration in the Register. 
3. 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Covered Bonds: The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu 
without preference among themselves and (save for any applicable statutory 
provisions) at least equally with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In the event 
of a compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, any 
funds realised and payable to the Bondholders will be collected by the Guarantor on 
their behalf. 
(b) 
Status of the Guarantee: The payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of each 
Series of Covered Bonds when Due for Payment will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor in the Guarantee. The recourse of the 
Bondholders to the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be limited to the assets of the 
Cover Pool. Payments made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be made 
subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments pursuant to 
which specified payments will be made to other parties prior to payments to the 
Bondholders. 
4. 
Fixed Rate Provisions  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 4 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Fixed 
Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Covered Bonds bear interest from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrears on each Interest 
Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 7 (Payments). Each Covered Bond 
will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of 
the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 4 (both before and after 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Bondholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying 
Agent has notified the Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Covered Bonds up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment).

--- Page 123 ---
- 113 - 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered 
Bond for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the 
Covered Bonds are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant 
Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each 
Covered Bond for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying 
the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) 
and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. For this 
purpose a sub-unit means, in the case of any Specified Currency other than Euro, the 
lowest amount of such Specified Currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such Specified Currency and, in the case of Euro, means one cent. 
5. 
Floating Rate Provisions and Benchmark Replacement 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Floating 
Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Covered Bonds bear interest from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrears on each Interest 
Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 7 (Payments). Each Covered Bond 
will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of 
the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (both before and after 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Bondholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying 
Agent has notified the Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Covered Bonds up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: Floating rates of interest will be calculated by reference 
to the Reference Rate. If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period will be 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Principal Paying Agent will determine the Reference Rate which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Principal Paying Agent will determine the arithmetic 
mean of the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of 
the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date;

--- Page 124 ---
- 114 - 
 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the 
case of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in 
either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Principal Paying 
Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date 
to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in 
an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market 
at that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Principal 
Paying Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the 
nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the Principal Paying Agent) 
quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency, selected by the Principal Paying Agent, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) 
on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified 
Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest 
Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and 
the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, 
however, that if the Principal Paying Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the 
case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation 
to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds during 
such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) 
the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of a 
preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period will be the sum of 
the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Principal Paying Agent were acting as Principal Paying Agent for 
that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and

--- Page 125 ---
- 115 - 
 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Benchmark Replacement: Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5 
(Floating Rate Provisions and Benchmark Replacement), if a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when these Conditions 
provide for any remaining Rate of Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following 
provisions shall apply. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser: The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours: (A) to 
appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any) and (B) if (i) the Issuer is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an 
Adjustment Spread (if any) (in accordance with Condition 5(e)(ii) (Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 5(e)(iii) (Adjustment Spread)) 
and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(e)(iv) 
(Benchmark Amendments)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(e) 
(Benchmark Replacement) shall act in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer and (in the 
absence of bad faith, fraud or gross negligence) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
any other party specified in the relevant Final Terms as being responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest or the Bondholders for any determination 
made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with to the 
operation of this Condition 5(e) (Benchmark Replacement). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate: If the Issuer or the 
Independent Adviser (as applicable) determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(e)(iii)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant 
Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Covered Bonds (subject to 
the 
further 
operation 
of 
this 
Condition 
5(e) 
(Benchmark 
Replacement)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate, then such Alternative Benchmark Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(e)(iii) (Adjustment Spread)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the 
Covered Bonds (subject to the further operation of this Condition 5(e) 
(Benchmark Replacement)).

--- Page 126 ---
- 116 - 
 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread: If the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (as applicable) 
determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) and 
(ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) for 
each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable).  
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate, Alternative Benchmark Rate 
or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(e) 
(Benchmark Replacement) and the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions (including 
without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, 
Business Day, Relevant Screen Page, Interest Determination Date, Relevant 
Time, Relevant Financial Centre, Reference Banks, Principal Financial 
Centre, Business Day Convention or Additional Business Centre) are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, and subject to the Issuer giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 5(e)(v) (Notices, etc.), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Bondholders, vary these 
Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from 
the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
5(e)(iv) (Benchmark Amendments), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of 
any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Covered Bonds 
are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc.: The Issuer shall notify the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Calculation Agent or any other party specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest no later than 10 days 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date and, in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices), the Bondholders promptly of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Benchmark Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(e) 
(Benchmark Replacement). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of 
the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period.

--- Page 127 ---
- 117 - 
 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such 
notice will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination 
of the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, any other party 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest, the Bondholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of 
the Issuer under the provisions of this Condition 5(e) (Benchmark 
Replacement), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 5 (Floating Rate Provisions and Benchmark 
Replacement) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has 
occurred and only then once the Principal Paying Agent and Calculation 
Agent or such other party specified in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable, 
have been notified of the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as 
the case may be) and any Adjustment Spread (if applicable) and Benchmark 
Amendments (if applicable) in accordance with Condition 5(e)(v)(Notices, 
etc.). 
(vii) 
Fallbacks: If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation 
to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, in accordance with Paragraph (i) above, the Issuer fails 
to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) 
pursuant to this Condition 5(e) (Benchmark Replacement) by such Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in 
relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of the immediately preceding 
Interest Period (though substituting where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5(e) (Benchmark Replacement) 
shall apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent 
Interest Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment 
as provided in, this Condition 5(e) (Benchmark Replacement). 
(viii) 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Condition 5(e) (Benchmark 
Replacement), if in the Calculation Agent's opinion there is any uncertainty 
between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 5(e) (Benchmark 
Replacement), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof 
and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which

--- Page 128 ---
- 118 - 
 
alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly 
provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation 
or determinations for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the 
Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(f) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of 
Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum 
so specified. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Principal Paying Agent will, as soon as 
practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation 
to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each 
Covered Bond for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. For 
this purpose a sub-unit means, in the case of any Specified Currency other than Euro, 
the lowest amount of such Specified Currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such Specified Currency and, in the case of Euro, means one cent. 
(h) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other 
amount is to be calculated by the Principal Paying Agent, then the Principal Paying 
Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is 
to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be 
calculated by the Principal Paying Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(i) 
Publication: The Principal Paying Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any 
other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment 
date(s) to be notified to the Principal Paying Agent(s) and each competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Covered Bonds have 
then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after 
such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Bondholders. The Principal 
Paying Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the 
foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination, the Principal Paying Agent shall not be obliged to publish 
each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the 
Interest Amount in respect of a Covered Bond having the minimum Specified 
Denomination.

--- Page 129 ---
- 119 - 
 
(j) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition by the Principal Paying Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent(s), the Bondholders 
and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Principal 
Paying Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions for such purposes. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase  
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: To the extent outstanding, the Covered Bonds will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on their relevant Maturity Date, subject 
as provided in Condition 6 (b) (Extension of maturity) and Condition 7 (Payments). 
(b) 
Extension of maturity: The Final Terms of each Series of Covered Bonds will 
provide that if the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the 
Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms and the Guarantor or the 
Calculation Agent on its behalf determines that the Guarantor has insufficient moneys 
available under the relevant Priority of Payments to pay the Guaranteed Amounts 
corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in full in respect of the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds on the date falling on the Extension Determination Date, 
then (subject as provided below), payment of the unpaid amount by the Guarantor 
under the Guarantee will be deferred until the Extended Maturity Date provided that 
any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid 
after the Extension Determination Date may be paid by the Guarantor on any Interest 
Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Principal Paying Agent as soon as reasonably 
practicable and in any event at least four Business Days prior to the Maturity Date as 
to whether payment will or will not be made in full at the Final Redemption Amount 
in respect of the Covered Bonds on that Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to 
notify the Principal Paying Agent shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the 
extension. 
The Guarantor shall notify the relevant holders of the Covered Bonds (in accordance 
with Rule 19 (Effect of Resolutions), any relevant Swap Provider(s), the Rating 
Agencies, the Representative of the Bondholders and the Principal Paying Agent as 
soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least one Business Day prior to the 
Maturity Date as specified in the preceding paragraph of any inability of the 
Guarantor to pay in full the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of the Covered Bonds pursuant to the Guarantee. Any 
failure by the Guarantor to notify such parties shall not affect the validity or 
effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party. 
In the circumstances outlined above, the Guarantor, on the following Guarantor 
Payment Dates, shall, pursuant to the Guarantee, apply the moneys (if any) available 
(after paying or providing for payment of higher ranking or pari passu amounts in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments) pro rata in payment of an amount

--- Page 130 ---
- 120 - 
 
equal to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Covered Bonds and shall pay 
Guaranteed Amounts constituting interest in respect of each such Covered Bond on 
such date. The obligation of the Guarantor to pay any amounts in respect of the 
balance of the Final Redemption Amount not so paid shall be deferred as described 
above. 
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period 
and be payable on the Maturity Date and on each Interest Payment Date falling 
thereafter up to and including the Extended Maturity Date. 
In the event of extension of maturity pursuant to this Condition 6(b), the extension of 
the Maturity Date shall not affect the ranking or the sequencing of the Covered Bonds 
in case of “liquidazione coatta amministrativa” or resolution (risoluzione) of the 
Issuer. 
In accordance with the provisions of article 7-terdecies, paragraph 5, of Law 130 and 
the Bank of Italy Regulations, the Issuer shall notify the Bank of Italy in case an 
Extended Maturity Date has become applicable in respect of a Series of Covered 
Bonds further to the occurrence of the Maturity Extension, within 10 (ten) calendar 
days from the occurrence thereof. 
(c) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being not applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Bondholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with 
interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 9 (Taxation) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Italy or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to 
tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such 
laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 
the First Issue Date; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(A) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at any time, 90 days 
prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay

--- Page 131 ---
- 121 - 
 
such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds were then due; or 
(B) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed only on an Interest 
Payment Date, 60 days prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring 
immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would be 
obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent with copy to the Representative of 
the Bondholders (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the 
Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred of and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing 
to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts 
as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is 
referred to in this Condition 6 (c) (Redemption for tax reason), the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Covered Bonds in accordance with this Condition 6(c) 
(Redemption for tax reason). 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
on the Issuer's giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the 
Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem 
the Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(e) 
Partial redemption: If the Covered Bonds, issued in a dematerialised form, are to be 
redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 6(d) (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer), the Covered Bonds to be redeemed in part shall be redeemed 
in the principal amount specified by the Issuer and the Covered Bonds will be so 
redeemed in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli and/or any 
other Relevant Clearing System (to be reflected in the records of such clearing 
systems as a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion), 
subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Covered Bonds have 
then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation. The notice to Bondholders 
referred to in Condition 6(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the 
proportion of the Covered Bonds so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption 
Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Bondholders: If the Put Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the

--- Page 132 ---
- 122 - 
 
Bondholders and prior to the delivery of an Issuer Event of Default Notice, redeem 
such Covered Bonds held by it on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in 
the relevant Put Option notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) 
together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option 
contained in this Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the option of the Bondholders), the 
Bondholders must, not less than 30 nor more than 45 days before the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with the Principal Paying Agent a duly 
completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from the Principal Paying Agent. 
The Principal Paying Agent with which a Put Option Notice is so deposited shall 
deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the deposit in Bondholder. Once 
deposited in accordance with this Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the option of the 
Bondholders), no duly completed Put Option Notice may be withdrawn; provided, 
however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any Covered 
Bonds become immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such 
Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the 
redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the Principal Paying Agent 
shall mail notification thereof to the Bondholders at such address as may have been 
given by the Bondholders in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such 
Covered Bond against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as 
any outstanding Covered Bonds are held by the Principal Paying Agent in accordance 
with this Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the option of the Bondholders), the 
Bondholders and not the Principal Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of 
such Covered Bonds for all purposes. 
(g) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Covered Bonds 
otherwise than as provided in Condition 6(a) (Scheduled redemption) above or as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the Guarantor) may at any 
time purchase Covered Bonds in the open market or otherwise and at any price and 
any Covered Bonds so purchased may be held, reissued or resold or may be 
surrendered in accordance with Condition 6(i) (Cancellation). The Guarantor shall 
not purchase any Covered Bonds at any time. 
(i) 
Cancellation: All Covered Bonds which are redeemed or purchased and subsequently 
surrendered for cancellation by the Issuer shall be cancelled and may not be reissued 
or resold. 
(j) 
Redemption due to illegality: the Covered Bonds of all Series may be redeemed at 
the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not less than 
30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Representative of the Bondholders and the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), all 
Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the 
Representative of the Bondholders immediately before the giving of such notice that 
it has, or will, before the next Interest Payment Date of any Covered Bond of any 
Series, become unlawful for the Issuer to make any payments under the Covered 
Bonds as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the applicable laws or 
regulations or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or

--- Page 133 ---
- 123 - 
 
regulations, which change or amendment has become or will become effective before 
the next Interest Payment Date. 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(j) will be redeemed at their 
Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
7. 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments through clearing systems: Payment of interest and repayment of principal 
in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will be credited, in 
accordance with the instructions of Monte Titoli, by the Principal Paying Agent on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) to the accounts of those 
banks and authorised brokers whose accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with 
those Covered Bonds and thereafter credited by such banks and authorised brokers 
from such aforementioned accounts to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those 
Covered Bonds or through the Relevant Clearing Systems to the accounts with the 
Relevant Clearing Systems of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli and of the Relevant 
Clearing Systems, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Other modalities of payments: Payment of interest and repayment of principal in 
respect of the Covered Bonds issued in a form other than dematerialised will be made 
through the agent or registrar and pursuant to the modalities provided for in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are 
subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place 
of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation). No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to Bondholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(d) 
Payments on Business Days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of 
any Covered Bond is not a Business Day in the Place where the payment has to be 
made, the Bondholder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount 
due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be 
entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
8. 
Waiver of set-off 
In case of Registered Covered Bonds issued to each holder in the form of registered covered 
bonds (such as, for example, Namensschuldverschreibungen), the Issuer hereby waives any 
right of set-off against the claims arising from the Covered Bonds as well as the exercise of 
any pledge, right of retention or other rights through which the claims of any Bondholder 
could be prejudiced to the extent that such rights belong to the reserved assets (gebundenes 
Vermögen) of an insurer within the meaning of § 54 of the German Insurance Supervisory 
Law (Versicherungsaufsichtsgesetz) or belong to funds covering the debt securities 
(Deckungsmasse für Schuldverschreibungen) and have been set up on the basis of German 
law, the same applies mutatis mutandis in the event of composition or insolvency 
proceedings.

--- Page 134 ---
- 124 - 
 
9. 
Taxation  
(a) 
Gross up by the Issuer: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the 
Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future Taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed (i) by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any 
political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
or (ii) pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code and any regulations or agreements thereunder or official 
interpretations thereof or pursuant to the provisions of the intergovernmental 
agreement entered into by and between Italy and the United States on 10 January 
2014, ratified by way of Law No. 95 on 18 June 2015 (FATCA) unless the 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges 
is required by law (including pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to FATCA). In that event, the Issuer shall 
pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Bondholders after such 
withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had 
no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable in respect of any Covered Bond: 
(i) 
in respect of any payment or deduction of any interest or principal on account 
of imposta sostitutiva (at the then applicable rate of tax) pursuant to Decree 
No. 239 and in all circumstances in which the procedures set forth in Decree 
No. 239 have not been met or complied with except where such procedures 
have not been met or complied with due to the actions or omissions of the 
Issuer or its agents; or 
(ii) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Italian Law 
Decree No. 512 of 30th September 1983, converted into Law No. 649 of 25th 
November 1983 as amended from time to time; or 
(iii) 
held by or on behalf of a Bondholder which is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Covered Bonds by 
reason of its having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such 
taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Covered Bonds; or 
(iv) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian 
resident individual which is resident in a country which does not allow for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with the Italian authorities; or 
(v) 
held by or on behalf of a Bondholder who would have been able to avoid 
such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Covered Bond to 
another Principal Paying Agent in a Member State of the EU; or 
(vi) 
held by or on behalf of an Bondholder who is entitled to avoid such 
withholding or deduction in respect of such Covered Bonds by making a

--- Page 135 ---
- 125 - 
 
declaration or any other statement to the relevant tax authority, including, but 
not limited to, a declaration of residence or non/residence or other similar 
claim for exemption; or 
(vii) 
where such withholding is required by FATCA.  
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than the Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to the 
Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to the Republic of Italy and/or such 
other jurisdiction. For the purposes of this paragraph (b), the Issuer will not be 
considered to become subject to the taxing jurisdiction of the United States should the 
Issuer be required to withhold amounts in respect any withholding tax imposed by the 
United States on any payments the Issuer makes. 
(c) 
No Gross-up by the Guarantor: If withholding of, or deduction of any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatever nature is imposed by or on 
behalf of Italy, any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Guarantor 
will make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or 
charges for the account of the Bondholders, as the case may be, and shall not be 
obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Bondholders. 
10. 
Segregation Event and Events of Default 
10.1 Segregation Event 
A Segregation Event will occur upon the notification by the Test Calculation Agent to the 
Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders that a breach of the Mandatory Tests 
has not been remedied within the applicable Test Grace Period. 
Upon the occurrence of a Segregation Event, the Representative of the Bondholders will 
promptly, and in any case within 5 calendar days, serve notice (the Breach of Test Notice) on 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Asset Monitor, the Calculation Agent, and the 
Rating Agencies that a Segregation Event has occurred. 
Upon the delivery of a Breach of Test Notice and until a Breach of Test Cure Notice will be 
delivered (as defined below)): 
(a) 
no further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds may be issued by the Issuer; 
(b) 
there shall be no further payments to the Subordinated Loan Provider under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement; 
(c) 
the purchase price for any Eligible Assets and/or Top-Up Assets and/or Liquid Assets 
to be acquired by the Guarantor shall be paid only by using the proceeds of the 
Subordinated Loan, except where the breach referred to in the Breach of Test Notice 
may be cured by using the Guarantor Available Funds; 
(d) 
 payments due under the Covered Bonds will continue to be made by the Issuer until 
an Issuer Event of Default Notice has been delivered; and 
(e) 
the Servicer shall no longer be entitled to perform any of the renegotiation of the 
Mortgage Loans included in the Cover Pool as set out in the Servicing Agreement

--- Page 136 ---
- 126 - 
 
If the relevant Test(s) is/are met within the Test Remedy Period, the Representative of the 
Bondholders will promptly and in any case within 5 calendar days deliver to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Asset Monitor and the Rating Agencies a notice informing such parties that the 
Breach of Test Notice then outstanding has been revoked (the Breach of Test Cure Notice) 
and the relevant Segregation Event has been cured. 
10.2 Issuer Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an Issuer Event of Default) occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of interest and/or principal due and 
payable on any Series of Covered Bonds at their relevant Interest Payment Date 
(including the relevant Maturity Date) and such breach is not remedied within the 
next 15 Business Days, in case of amounts of interest, or 20 Business Days, in case of 
amounts of principal, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligations: a breach by the Issuer of any of its material obligations 
under the Programme Documents (other than those referred to in item (i) and (vi)) 
occurs and such breach is not remedied within 30 days (or such longer period as the 
Representative of the Bondholders may permit) after the Representative of the 
Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the Issuer, indicating the occurred 
breach and specifying that an Issuer Event of Default will occur in case such breach is 
not remedied within the applicable remedy period set out above; or 
(iii) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution 
(risoluzione) and, to the extent applicable, “misure di intervento precoce”) occurs 
with respect to the Issuer; or 
(iv) 
Article 74 resolution: a resolution pursuant to article 74 of the Consolidated Banking 
Act is issued in respect of the Issuer; or 
(v) 
Breach of Tests: following the delivery of a Breach of Test Notice, the Mandatory 
Tests are not met on, or prior to, the expiry of the Test Remedy Period unless a 
resolution of the Bondholders is passed resolving to extend the Test Remedy Period; 
or 
(vi) 
Cessation of business: the Issuer ceases to carry on its primary business. 
then the Representative of the Bondholders shall or, in the case of the event under item (ii) 
(Breach of other obligations) of this Condition 10.2 shall, if so directed by a Programme 
Resolution, serve an Issuer Event of Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor 
demanding payment under the Guarantee, and specifying, in case of the Issuer Event of 
Default referred to under item (iv) (Article 74 resolution) of this Condition 10.2, that the 
Issuer Event of Default may be temporary. 
Upon the service of an Issuer Event of Default Notice:  
(a) 
(No further Series of Covered Bonds) the Issuer may not issue any further Series of 
Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
(No payments under the Subordinated Loan) there shall be no further payments to the 
Subordinated Loan Provider under the Subordinated Loan, unless the Required

--- Page 137 ---
- 127 - 
 
Redemption Amount has been accumulated in respect of each outstanding Series of 
Covered Bonds, in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments; 
(c) 
(No purchase of any Eligible Assets and/or Top-Up Assets and/or Liquid Assets) if 
the Issuer Event of Default is a consequence of an Insolvency Event in respect of the 
Issuer, no further Portfolios shall be acquired by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master 
Assets Purchase Agreement; 
(d) 
(Guarantee) interest and principal falling due on the Covered Bonds will be payable 
by the Guarantor at the time and in the manner provided under the Conditions, subject 
to and in accordance with the terms of the Guarantee and the Post-Issuer Default 
Priority of Payment; 
(e) 
(Disposal of Assets) if necessary in order to effect payments under the Covered Bonds, 
the Guarantor shall sell the Eligible Assets and/or Top-Up Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the provisions of the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement; 
provided that, in case of the Issuer Event of Default determined by a resolution issued in 
respect of the Issuer pursuant to article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act (referred to under 
item (iv) (Article 74 resolution) above) (the Article 74 Event), the effects listed in items (a) 
(No further Series of Covered Bonds), (b) (No payments under the Subordinated Loan), (c) 
(No Purchase price of any Eligible Assets and/or Top-Up Assets and/or Liquid Assets) and (d) 
(Guarantee) above will only apply for as long as the suspension of payments pursuant to 
Article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act will be in force and effect (the Suspension 
Period) and the effect listed in item (e) (Disposal of Assets) will apply only if the suspension 
of payments pursuant Article 74 Event is in force during the period commencing on an 
Extension Determination Date where the payments of the unpaid amounts due by the 
Guarantor in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds have been deferred to the relevant 
Extension Maturity Date (being understood that it will only apply for as long as the 
suspension of payments pursuant to Article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act will be in 
force and effect). Accordingly (A) the Guarantor, in accordance with Law 130, shall be 
responsible for the payments of the amounts due and payable under the Covered Bonds 
during the Suspension Period and (B) at the end of the Suspension Period, the Issuer shall be 
again responsible for meeting the payment obligations under the Covered Bonds within the 
immediately succeeding Interest Payment Date (and, for the avoidance of doubts, the Covered 
Bonds then outstanding will not be deemed to be accelerated against the Issuer). 
10.3 Guarantor Events of Default 
Following the delivery of an Issuer Event of Default Notice, if any of the following events 
(each, a Guarantor Event of Default) occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
Non payment: the Guarantor fails to pay any interest and/or principal due and payable 
under the Guarantee and such breach is not remedied within the next following 15 
Business Days, in case of amounts of interests, or 20 Business Days, in case of 
amounts of principal, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Guarantor; or

--- Page 138 ---
- 128 - 
 
(iii) 
Breach of other obligations: a breach of any obligation under the Programme 
Documents by the Guarantor occurs (other than payment obligations referred to in 
item (i) (Non-payment) above) which is not remedied within 30 days (or such longer 
period as the Representative of the Bondholders may permit) after the Representative 
of the Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the Guarantor indicating the 
occurred breach and specifying that a Guarantor Event of Default will occur in case 
such breach is not remedied within the applicable remedy period set out above; or 
(iv) 
Breach of the Amortisation Test: provided that an Issuer Event of Default has 
occurred, the Amortisation Test is breached, 
then the Representative of the Bondholders shall or, in the case of the Guarantor Event of 
Default under item (iii) (Breach of other obligation) of this Condition 10.3 shall, if so directed 
by a Programme Resolution of the Bondholders, serve a Guarantor Event of Default Notice 
on the Guarantor. Notice of the occurrence of such Guarantor Event of Default shall be given 
also to the Swap Providers. 
Upon the service of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice, unless a Programme Resolution is 
passed resolving otherwise: 
(a) 
Acceleration of Covered Bonds: All Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding will 
become immediately due and payable by the Guarantor at their Early Redemption 
Amount together, if appropriate, with any accrued interest and will rank pari passu 
among themselves in accordance with the Post Enforcement Priority of Payments; 
(b) 
Guarantee: subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Guarantee, the 
Representative of the Bondholders, on behalf of the Bondholders, shall have a claim 
against the Guarantor for an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount, together 
with accrued interest and any other amount due under the Covered Bonds (other than 
additional amounts payable under Condition 9(a) (Gross up by the Issuer)) in 
accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments; 
(c) 
Disposal of Assets: the Guarantor shall immediately sell all Assets and Liquid Assets 
included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement; and 
(d) 
Enforcement: the Representative of the Bondholders may, at its discretion and 
without further notice, take such steps and/or institute such proceedings against the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) as it may think fit to enforce such 
payments, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or steps unless 
requested or authorised by a Programme Resolution of the Bondholders. 
10.4 Determinations, etc. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 10.4 by the 
Representative of the Bondholders shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor and all Bondholders and (in such 
absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Bondholders, the Issuer or the Guarantor shall attach 
to the Representative of the Bondholders in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it 
of its powers, duties and discretions hereunder.

--- Page 139 ---
- 129 - 
 
11. 
Limited recourse and non-petition 
11.1 Limited recourse 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee constitute direct and unconditional, 
unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor, collateralised by the Cover 
Pool as provided under the Covered Bond Regulations. The recourse of the Bondholders to 
the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be limited to the assets of the Cover Pool subject to, 
and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments pursuant to which specified 
payments will be made to other parties prior to payments to the Bondholders. 
11.2 Non petition 
Only the Representative of the Bondholders may pursue the remedies available under the 
general law or under the Programme Documents to obtain payment of the Guaranteed 
Amounts or enforce the Guarantee and/or the Security and no Bondholder shall be entitled to 
proceed directly against the Guarantor to obtain payment of the Guaranteed Amounts or to 
enforce the Guarantee and/or the Security. In particular: 
(a) 
no Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf) is entitled, otherwise than as permitted 
by the Programme Documents, to direct the Representative of the Bondholders to 
enforce the Guarantee and/or Security or take any proceedings against the Guarantor 
to enforce the Guarantee and/or the Security; 
(b) 
no Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, except the Representative of the 
Bondholders) shall have the right to take or join any person in taking any steps 
against the Guarantor for the purpose of obtaining payment of any Guaranteed 
Amount from the Guarantor; 
(c) 
until the date falling one year and one day after the date on which all Series of 
Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or 
redeemed in full in accordance with these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms no 
Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, except the Representative of the 
Bondholders) shall initiate or join any person in initiating an Insolvency Event in 
relation to the Guarantor; and 
(d) 
no Bondholder shall be entitled to take or join in the taking of any corporate action, 
legal proceedings or other procedure or step which would result in the Priority of 
Payments not being complied with. 
12. 
Prescription 
Claims for payment under the Covered Bonds shall become void unless made within ten years 
(in respect of principal) or five years (in respect of interest) from the due date thereof. 
13. 
Representative of the Bondholders 
(a) 
Organisation of the Bondholders: The Organisation of the Bondholders shall be 
established upon, and by virtue of, the issue of the First Series of Covered Bonds 
under the Programme and shall remain in force and in effect until repayment in full or 
cancellation of all the Covered Bonds of whatever Series. Pursuant to the Rules, for 
as long as any Covered Bonds of any Series are outstanding, there shall at all times be

--- Page 140 ---
- 130 - 
 
a Representative of the Bondholders. The appointment of the Representative of the 
Bondholders as legal representative of the Organisation of the Bondholders is made 
by the Bondholders subject to and in accordance with the Rules. 
(b) 
Initial appointment: In the Programme Agreement, the Dealers have appointed the 
Representative of the Bondholders to perform the activities described in the Mandate 
Agreement, in the Programme Agreement, in these Conditions (including the Rules), 
and in the other Programme Documents and the Representative of the Bondholders 
has accepted such appointment for the period commencing on the First Issue Date and 
ending (subject to early termination of its appointment) on the date on which all of 
the Covered Bonds of whatever Series have been cancelled or redeemed in 
accordance with these Conditions and the applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
Acknowledgment by Bondholders: Each Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered 
Bonds: 
(i) 
recognises the Representative of the Bondholders as its representative and (to 
the fullest extent permitted by law) agrees to be bound by the Programme 
Documents and any agreement entered into from time to time by the 
Representatives of the Bondholders in such capacity as if such Bondholders 
were a signatory thereto; and 
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Dealers shall not be liable in respect of 
any loss, liability, claim, expenses or damage suffered or incurred by any of 
the Bondholders as a result of the performance by the Representative of the 
Bondholders of its duties or the exercise of any of its rights under the 
Programme Documents. 
14. 
Agents 
In connection with the Covered Bonds, the Principal Paying Agent acts solely as agent of the 
Issuer and, following service of an Issuer Event of Default Notice, as agent pursuant to the 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement of the Guarantor, and does not 
assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the 
Bondholders. 
The Principal Paying Agent and its initial Specified Office is set out in these Conditions. Any 
additional Principal Paying Agent and its Specified Office are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Principal Paying Agent and to appoint a successor principal paying agent 
and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a Principal Paying Agent;  
(b) 
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which 
requires the appointment of a Principal Paying Agent in any particular place, the 
Issuer and the Guarantor shall maintain a Principal Paying Agent having its Specified 
Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system.

--- Page 141 ---
- 131 - 
 
Notice of any change in the Principal Paying Agent or in its Specified Office shall promptly 
be given to the Bondholders. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Bondholders, create and issue 
further Series of Covered Bonds under the Programme in accordance with the Programme 
Documents, these Conditions and as regulated in the relevant Final Terms.  
16. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices given through Monte Titoli: Any notice regarding the Covered Bonds, as 
long as the Covered Bonds are held through Monte Titoli, shall be deemed to have 
been duly given if given through the systems of Monte Titoli. 
(b) 
Notices to the stock exchange: As long as the Covered Bonds are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on any other stock exchange and the rules of such 
stock exchange so require, any notice to Bondholders shall also be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or on the website of 
the other relevant stock exchange, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Other publication: The Representative of the Bondholders shall be at liberty to 
sanction any other method of giving notice to Bondholders if, in its opinion, such 
other method is reasonable having regard to market practice then prevailing and to the 
rules of the competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system by which 
the Covered Bonds are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and 
provided that notice of such other method is given to the holders of the Covered 
Bonds in such manner as the Representative of the Bondholders shall require. 
17. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from 
such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all 
United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in 
or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole 
Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such 
currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
18. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Covered Bonds will be governed by Italian law or any other law 
set out in the relevant Final Terms. These Conditions and the related Programme 
Documents will be governed by Italian law, except for the Swap Agreements and the 
Deed of Charge, which will be governed by English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of Milan have exclusive competence for the resolution of 
any dispute that may arise in relation to the Covered Bonds or their validity, 
interpretation or performance.

--- Page 142 ---
- 132 - 
 
(c) 
Relevant legislation: Anything not expressly provided for in these Conditions will 
be governed by the provisions of the Covered Bond Regulations and, if applicable, 
Article 58 of the Consolidated Banking Act.

--- Page 143 ---
- 133 - 
 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE BONDHOLDERS  
TITLE I 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1. 
GENERAL 
1.1 
The Organisation of the Bondholders in respect of all Covered Bonds of whatever Series 
issued under the Programme by Credito Emiliano S.p.A. is created concurrently with the issue 
and subscription of the Covered Bonds of the first Series and is governed by these Rules of 
the Organisation of the Bondholders (the Rules). 
1.2 
These Rules shall remain in force and effect until full repayment or cancellation of all the 
Covered Bonds of whatever Series in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds (the Conditions) and the applicable Final Terms. 
1.3 
The contents of these Rules are deemed to be an integral part of the Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds of each Series issued by the Issuer. 
2.  
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
2.1 
Definitions 
In these Rules, the terms below shall have the following meanings: 
Block Voting Instruction means, in relation to a Meeting, a document issued by the 
Principal Paying Agent or by a Registrar: 
(a) 
in case of Covered Bonds issued in a dematerialised form, certifying that specified 
Covered Bonds are held to the order of a Principal Paying Agent or under its control 
or have been blocked in an account with a clearing system or and will not be released 
until the earlier of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender to the Principal Paying Agent which issued the same not less 
than 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting (or, if the meeting has 
been adjourned, the time fixed for its resumption) of confirmation that the 
Covered Bonds are Blocked Covered Bonds and notification of the release 
thereof by such Principal Paying Agent to the Issuer and the Representative 
of the Bondholders; 
(b) 
in case of Covered Bonds issued in a registered form, certifying that specified 
Covered Bonds have been blocked with the Registrar and will not be released until 
the conclusion of the Meeting; 
(c) 
certifying that the Holder, or the registered Holder in case of Covered Bonds issued in 
a registered form, of the relevant Blocked Covered Bonds or a duly authorised person 
on its behalf has notified the relevant Principal Paying Agent or Registrar that the 
votes attributable to such Covered Bonds are to be cast in a particular way on each 
resolution to be put to the Meeting and that during the period of 48 hours before the 
time fixed for the Meeting such instructions may not be amended or revoked;

--- Page 144 ---
- 134 - 
 
(d) 
listing the aggregate principal amount of such specified Blocked Covered Bonds, 
distinguishing between those in respect of which instructions have been given to vote 
for, and against, each resolution; and 
(e) 
authorising a named individual to vote in accordance with such instructions; 
Blocked Covered Bonds means: (i) Covered Bonds which have been blocked in an account 
with a clearing system or otherwise are held to the order of or under the control of a Principal 
Paying Agent, or (ii) in case of Covered Bonds issued in a registered form, Covered Bonds 
which have been blocked with the Registrar, for the purpose of obtaining from that Principal 
Paying Agent a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate on terms that they will not be 
released until after the conclusion of the Meeting in respect of which the Block Voting 
Instruction or Voting Certificate is required; 
Chairman means, in relation to any Meeting, the person who takes the chair in accordance 
with Article 8 (Chairman of the Meeting); 
Event of Default means an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default; 
Extraordinary Resolution means a resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held 
in accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of not less than 75% 
of the votes cast; 
Fitch means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited; 
Holder or holder means in respect of Covered Bonds, the ultimate owner of such Covered 
Bonds; 
Meeting means a meeting of Bondholders (whether originally convened or resumed 
following an adjournment); 
Monte Titoli Account Holder means any authorised financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli (as intermediari 
aderenti) and includes any depository banks appointed by the relevant Clearing System; 
Moody's means Moody's Italia S.r.l.; 
Ordinary Resolution means any resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in 
accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of more than 50% of 
the votes cast; 
Programme Resolution means an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a single meeting of the 
Bondholders of all Series, duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions 
contained in these Rules (a) to direct the Representative of the Bondholders to take any action 
pursuant to Condition 10.2 (ii) (Issuer Event of Default), Condition 10.3 (iii)(Guarantor Event 
of Default) or (b) to appoint or remove the Representative of the Bondholders pursuant to 
Article 26 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration); or (c) to extend the Test Remedy 
Period or (d) to take any other action stipulated in the Conditions or the Programme 
Documents as requiring a Programme Resolution; 
Proxy means a person appointed to vote under a Voting Certificate as a proxy or a person 
appointed to vote under a Block Voting Instruction, in each case other than:

--- Page 145 ---
- 135 - 
 
(a) 
any person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the relevant 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, or in the case of a proxy appointed under a 
Voting Certificate, the Issuer has been notified in writing of such revocation by the 
time which is 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting; and 
(b) 
any person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of a 
quorum and who has not been reappointed to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed; 
Rating Agencies means, to the extent they have attributed a Rating to any Series of Covered 
Bonds, Fitch and Moody's. 
Relevant Financial Centre has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Resolutions means, collectively, the Ordinary Resolutions, the Extraordinary Resolutions and 
the Programme Resolutions, and Resolution means any of them; 
Swap Rate means, in relation to a Covered Bond or Series of Covered Bonds, the exchange 
rate specified in any Swap Agreement relating to such Covered Bond or Series of Covered 
Bonds or, if there is not exchange rate specified or if the Swap Agreements have terminated, 
the applicable spot rate; 
Transaction Party means any person who is a party to a Programme Document; 
Voter means, in relation to a Meeting, the Holder or a Proxy named in a Voting Certificate, 
the bearer of a Voting Certificate issued by a Principal Paying Agent or by a Registrar or a 
Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction; 
Voting Certificate means, in relation to any Meeting: 
(a) 
a certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the 
regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as 
amended from time to time; or 
(b) 
a certificate issued by a Principal Paying Agent stating: 
(i) 
that Blocked Covered Bonds will not be released until the earlier of: 
(1) 
the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(2) 
the surrender of such certificate to such Principal Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
the bearer of the certificate is entitled to attend and vote at such Meeting in 
respect of such Blocked Covered Bonds. 
Written Resolution means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of one or more 
persons being or representing at least the relevant majority required for passing an Ordinary 
Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution or Programme Resolution, as the case may be, in 
accordance with the provisions of these Rules, whether contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the relevant 
Bondholders; 
24 hours means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day on which banks are open 
for business both in the place where any relevant Meeting is to be held and in each of the

--- Page 146 ---
- 136 - 
 
places where the Principal Paying Agent have its Specified Offices; and 
48 hours means two consecutive periods of 24 hours. 
Unless otherwise provided in these Rules, or unless the context requires otherwise, words and 
expressions used in these Rules shall have the meanings and the construction ascribed to them 
in the Conditions to which these Rules are attached. 
2.2 
Interpretation 
In these Rules: 
2.2.1 
any reference herein to an Article shall, except where expressly provided to the 
contrary, be a reference to an article of these Rules; 
2.2.2 
a successor of any party shall be construed so as to include an assignee or successor 
in title of such party and any person who under the laws of the jurisdiction of 
incorporation or domicile of such party has assumed the rights and obligations of 
such party under any Programme Document or to which, under such laws, such rights 
and obligations have been transferred; and 
2.2.3 
any reference to any Transaction Party shall be construed so as to include its and 
any subsequent successors and transferees in accordance with their respective 
interests. 
2.3 
Separate Series 
Subject to the provisions of the next sentence, the Covered Bonds of each Series shall form a 
separate Series of Covered Bonds and accordingly, unless for any purpose the Representative 
of the Bondholders in its absolute discretion shall otherwise determine, the provisions of this 
sentence and of Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation) to 24 (Meetings and Separate 
Series) and 28 (Duties and Powers of the Representative of the Bondholders) to 36 (Powers to 
Act on behalf of the Guarantor) shall apply mutatis mutandis separately and independently to 
the Covered Bonds of each Series. However, for the purposes of this Clause 2.3: 
2.3.1 
Articles 26 (Appointment, removal and remuneration) and 27 (Resignation of the 
Representative of the Bondholders); and 
2.3.2 
insofar as they relate to a Programme Resolution, Articles 3 (Purpose of the 
Organisation) to 24 (Meetings and Separate Series) and 28 (Duties and Powers of the 
Representative of the Bondholders) to 36 (Powers to Act on behalf of the Guarantor), 
the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to constitute a single Series and the provisions of such 
Articles shall apply to all the Covered Bonds together as if they constituted a single Series 
and, in such Articles, the expressions "Covered Bonds" and "Bondholders" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
3. 
PURPOSE OF THE ORGANISATION 
3.1 
Each Bondholder whatever Series of Covered Bonds he holds is a member of the 
Organisation of the Bondholders. 
3.2 
The purpose of the Organisation of the Bondholders is to co-ordinate the exercise of the rights 
of the Bondholders and, more generally, to take any action necessary or desirable to protect 
the interest of the Bondholders.

--- Page 147 ---
- 137 - 
 
TITLE II  
MEETINGS OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
4. 
VOTING CERTIFICATES, BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS AND FORM OF 
PROXY 
4.1 
A Bondholder may obtain a Voting Certificate in respect of a Meeting by requesting its 
Monte Titoli Account Holder to issue such certificate in accordance with the regulation issued 
jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time. 
4.2 
A Bondholder may also obtain a Voting Certificate from a Principal Paying Agent or require 
a Principal Paying Agent to issue a Block Voting Instruction by arranging for Covered Bonds 
to be (to the satisfaction of the Principal Paying Agent) held to its order or under its control or 
blocked in an account in a clearing system (other than Monte Titoli) not later than 48 hours 
before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. 
4.3 
A Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction shall be valid until the release of the 
Blocked Covered Bonds to which it relates. 
4.4 
So long as a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction is valid, the person named therein 
as Holder or Proxy (in the case of a Voting Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account 
Holder), the bearer thereof (in the case of a Voting Certificate issued by a Principal Paying 
Agent), and any Proxy named therein (in the case of a Block Voting Instruction issued by a 
Principal Paying Agent) shall be deemed to be the Holder of the Covered Bonds to which it 
relates for all purposes in connection with the Meeting to which such Voting Certificate or 
Block Voting Instruction relates. 
4.5 
A Voting Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in 
respect of the same Covered Bonds. 
4.6 
References to the blocking or release of Covered Bonds shall be construed in accordance with 
the usual practices (including blocking the relevant account) of any Relevant Clearing System. 
4.7 
Any registered Holder may require the Registrar and/or the Paying Agents to issue a Block 
Voting Instruction by arranging (to the satisfaction of the Registrar and/or the Paying Agents) 
for the related Bonds to be blocked with the Registrar not later than 48 hours before the time 
fixed for the relevant Meeting. The registered Holder may require the Registrar and/or the 
Paying Agents to issue a Block Voting Instruction by delivering to the Registrar and/or the 
Paying Agents written instructions not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the 
relevant Meeting. Any registered Holder may obtain an uncompleted and unexecuted Form of 
Proxy from the Registrar or the Paying Agents. A Block Voting Instruction shall be valid 
until the release of the Blocked Bonds to which it relates. A Form of Proxy and a Block 
Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in respect of the same Bond. 
4.8 
The Issuer may fix a record date for the purposes of any Meeting or any resumption thereof 
following its adjournment for want of a quorum provided that such record date is not more 
than 10 days prior to the time fixed for such Meeting or (as the case may be) its resumption. 
The person in whose name a Bond is registered in the Register on the record date at close of 
business in the city in which the Registrar has its Specified Office shall be deemed to be the 
Holder of such Bond for the purposes of such Meeting and notwithstanding any subsequent 
transfer of such Bond or entries in the Register. 
5. 
VALIDITY OF BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS

--- Page 148 ---
- 138 - 
 
A Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder 
shall be valid for the purpose of the relevant Meeting only if it is deposited at the Specified 
Offices of the Principal Paying Agent, or at any other place approved by the Representative of 
the Bondholders, at least 24 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. If a Block 
Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate is not deposited before such deadline, it shall not be 
valid. If the Representative of the Bondholders so requires, a notarised (or otherwise 
acceptable) copy of each Block Voting Instruction and satisfactory evidence of the identity of 
each Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction or of each Holders or Proxy named in a 
Voting Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder shall be produced at the Meeting 
but the Representative of the Bondholders shall not be obliged to investigate the validity of a 
Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate or the identity of any Proxy or any holder of 
the Covered Bonds named in a Voting Certificate or a Block Voting Instruction. 
6. 
CONVENING A MEETING 
6.1 
Convening a Meeting 
The Representative of the Bondholders, the Guarantor or the Issuer may and (in relation to a 
meeting for the passing of a Programme Resolution) the Issuer shall upon a requisition in 
writing signed by the holders of not less than five per cent. of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding convene a meeting of the 
Bondholders and if the Issuer makes default for a period of seven days in convening such a 
meeting requisitioned by the Bondholders the same may be convened by the Representative 
of the Bondholders or the requisitionists. The Representative of the Bondholders may 
convene a single meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of more than one Series if in the 
opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders there is no conflict between the holders of 
the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series, in which event the provisions of this Schedule shall 
apply thereto mutatis mutandis. 
6.2 
Meetings convened by Issuer 
Whenever the Issuer is about to convene a Meeting, it shall immediately give notice in 
writing to the Representative of the Bondholders specifying the proposed day, time and place 
of the Meeting, and the items to be included in the agenda. 
6.3 
Time and place of Meetings 
Every Meeting will be held on a date and at a time and place selected or approved by the 
Representative of the Bondholders. 
7. 
NOTICE 
7.1 
Notice of Meeting 
At least 21, or 5 in case of a Meeting convened in order to resolve to extend the Test Remedy 
Period pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Issuer Events of Default), days' notice (exclusive of the 
day notice is delivered and of the day on which the relevant Meeting is to be held), specifying 
the day, time and place of the Meeting, must be given to the relevant Bondholders, the 
Registrar and the Principal Paying Agent, with a copy to the Issuer and the Guarantor, where 
the Meeting is convened by the Representative of the Bondholders, or with a copy to the 
Representative of the Bondholders, where the Meeting is convened by the Issuer, subject to 
Article 6.3. 
7.2 
Content of notice

--- Page 149 ---
- 139 - 
 
7.2.1 
The notice shall specify the nature, the object and the content of the proposed 
resolution, without necessarily including the full text, and shall state that Voting 
Certificates for the purpose of such Meeting may be obtained from a Monte Titoli 
Account Holder in accordance with the provisions of the regulation issued jointly by 
the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time 
and that for the purpose of obtaining Voting Certificates from a Principal Paying 
Agent or appointing Proxies under a Block Voting Instruction, Covered Bonds must 
(to the satisfaction of such Principal Paying Agent) be held to the order of or placed 
under the control of such Principal Paying Agent or blocked in an account with a 
clearing system not later than 48 hours before the relevant Meeting. 
7.2.2 
with reference to the Registered Covered Bonds, the notice shall set out the full text 
of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting unless the Representative of the 
Bondholders agrees that the notice shall instead specify the nature of the resolution 
without including the full text and shall state that Bonds may be blocked with the 
Registrar for the purposes of appointing Proxies under Block Voting Instructions until 
48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting and that Bondholders may also appoint 
Proxies either under a Block Voting Instruction by delivering written instructions to 
the Registrar and the Paying Agents or by executing and delivering a Form of Proxy 
to the Specified Office of the Registrar and the Principal Paying Agent, in either case 
until 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting. 
7.3 
Validity notwithstanding lack of notice 
A Meeting is valid notwithstanding that the formalities required by this Article 7 are not 
complied with if the Holders of the Covered Bonds constituting all the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds, the Holders of which are entitled to attend and vote, are 
represented at such Meeting and the Issuer and the Representative of the Bondholders are 
present. 
8. 
CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING 
8.1 
Appointment of Chairman 
An individual (who may, but need not be, a Bondholder), nominated by the Representative of 
the Bondholders may take the chair at any Meeting, but if: 
8.1.1 
the Representative of the Bondholders fails to make a nomination; or 
8.1.2 
the individual nominated declines to act or is not present within 15 minutes after the 
time fixed for the Meeting, 
the Meeting shall be chaired by the person elected by the majority of the Voters present, 
failing which, the Issuer shall appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned Meeting 
need not be the same person as was Chairman at the original Meeting. 
8.2 
Duties of Chairman 
The Chairman ascertains that the Meeting has been duly convened and validly constituted, 
manages the business of the Meeting, monitors the fairness of proceedings, leads and 
moderates the debate, and determines the mode of voting. 
8.3 
Assistance to Chairman 
The Chairman may be assisted by outside experts or technical consultants, specifically invited

--- Page 150 ---
- 140 - 
 
to assist in any given matter, and may appoint one or more vote-counters, who are not 
required to be Bondholders. 
9. 
QUORUM 
9.1 
The quorum (quorum costitutivo) at any Meeting will be: 
9.1.1 
in the case of an Ordinary Resolution, one or more persons holding or representing at 
least 50 per cent of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds the 
holders of which are entitled to attend and vote or, at an adjourned Meeting, one or 
more persons being or representing Bondholders entitled to attend and vote, whatever 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds so held or represented; 
9.1.2 
in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme Resolution, one or more 
persons holding or representing at least 50 per cent of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds the holders of which are entitled to attend and vote 
or at an adjourned Meeting, one or more persons being or representing Bondholders 
entitled to attend and vote, whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds so held or represented; 
9.1.3 
at any meeting the business of which includes any of the following matters (other 
than in relation to a Programme Resolution) (each of which shall, subject only to 
Article 32.4 (Obligation to exercise powers), only be capable of being effected after 
having been approved by Extraordinary Resolution) namely: 
(a)  
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, 
modification of the method of calculating the amount payable or modification 
of the date of payment or, where applicable, modification of the method of 
calculating the date of payment in respect of any principal or interest in 
respect of the Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds are to 
be made; 
(c)  
alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(d) 
the sanctioning of any such scheme or proposal to effect the exchange, 
conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds for, or the conversion of 
such Covered Bonds into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor or any other person or body corporate, formed or 
to be formed; and 
(e) 
alteration of this Article 9.1.3; 
(each a Series Reserved Matter), the quorum shall be two or more persons being or 
representing holders of not less two-thirds of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding or, at 
any adjourned meeting, two or more persons being or representing not less than one-
third of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of such 
Series for the time being outstanding. 
10.  
ADJOURNMENT FOR WANT OF QUORUM 
10.1 
If a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular business within 15 minutes 
after the time fixed for any Meeting, then, without prejudice to the transaction of the business

--- Page 151 ---
- 141 - 
 
(if any) for which a quorum is present: 
 
10.1.1 if such Meeting was requested by Bondholders, the Meeting shall be dissolved; and 
 
10.1.2 in any other case, the Meeting (unless the Issuer and the Representative of the 
Bondholders otherwise agree) shall, subject to paragraphs 11 and 12 below, be 
adjourned to a new date no earlier than 14 days and no later than 42 days after the 
original date of such Meeting, and to such place as the Chairman determines, 
provided that: 
 
(a)  
no Meeting may be adjourned more than once for want of a quorum; and 
 
(b) 
the Meeting shall be dissolved if the Issuer and the Representative of the 
Bondholders together so decide. 
11. 
ADJOURNED MEETING 
Except as provided in Article 10 (Adjournment for Want of Quorum), the Chairman may, with 
the prior consent of any Meeting, and shall if so directed by any Meeting, adjourn such 
Meeting to another time and place. No business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting 
except business which might have been transacted at the Meeting from which the 
adjournment took place. 
12. 
NOTICE FOLLOWING ADJOURNMENT 
12.1 
Notice required 
Article 7 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment for 
lack of a quorum except that: 
12.1.1 10 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is delivered and of the day 
on which the Meeting is to be resumed) shall be sufficient; and 
12.1.2 the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when 
the Meeting resumes. 
12.2 
Notice not required 
It shall not be necessary to give notice of resumption of any Meeting adjourned for reasons 
other than those described in Article 10 (Adjournment for Want of Quorum). 
13. 
PARTICIPATION 
The following categories of persons may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
13.1 
Voters; 
13.2 
the directors and the auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor; 
13.3 
representatives of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Registrar and the Representative of the 
Bondholders; 
13.4 
financial advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders; 
13.5 
legal advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Registrar and the Representative of the

--- Page 152 ---
- 142 - 
 
Bondholders; and 
13.6 
any other person authorised by virtue of a resolution of such Meeting or by the Representative 
of the Bondholders. 
14. 
VOTING BY SHOW OF HANDS 
14.1 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a vote by a 
show of hands. 
14.2 
Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that the result is declared, the 
Chairman's declaration that on a show of hands a resolution has been passed or passed by a 
particular majority or rejected, or rejected by a particular majority, shall be conclusive 
without proof of the number of votes cast for, or against, the resolution. 
15. 
VOTING BY POLL 
15.1 
Demand for a poll 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Bondholders or one or more Voters whatever the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds held or represented by such Voter(s). A poll may be taken 
immediately or after such adjournment as is decided by the Chairman but any poll demanded 
on the election of a Chairman or on any question of adjournment shall be taken immediately. 
A valid demand for a poll shall not prevent the continuation of the relevant Meeting for any 
other business. The result of a poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the Meeting at 
which the poll was demanded. 
15.2 
The Chairman and a poll 
The Chairman sets the conditions for the voting, including for counting and calculating the 
votes, and may set a time limit by which all votes must be cast. Any vote which is not cast in 
compliance with the terms specified by the Chairman shall be null and void. After voting 
ends, the votes shall be counted and, after the counting, the Chairman shall announce to the 
Meeting the outcome of the vote. 
16. 
VOTES 
16.1 
Voting 
Each Voter shall have: 
16.1.1 on a show of hands, one vote; and 
16.1.2 on a poll every Vote who is so present shall have one vote in respect of each €1,000 
or such other amount as the Representative of the Bondholders may in its absolute 
discretion stipulate (or, in the case of meetings of holders of Covered Bonds 
denominated in another currency, such amount in such other currency as the 
Representative of the Bondholders in its absolute discretion may stipulate) in the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds it holds or represents. 
16.2 
Block Voting Instruction 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate state otherwise in the 
case of a Proxy, a Voter shall not be obliged to exercise all the votes to which such Voter is

--- Page 153 ---
- 143 - 
 
entitled or to cast all the votes he exercises the same way. 
16.3 
Voting tie 
In the case of a voting tie, the relevant Resolution shall be deemed to have been rejected. 
17. 
VOTING BY PROXY 
17.1 
Validity 
Any vote by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction or Voting 
Certificate appointing a Proxy shall be valid even if such Block Voting Instruction or Voting 
Certificate or any instruction pursuant to which it has been given had been amended or 
revoked provided that none of the Issuer, the Representative of the Bondholders or the 
Chairman has been notified in writing of such amendment or revocation at least 24 hours 
prior to the time set for the relevant Meeting. 
17.2 
Adjournment 
Unless revoked, the appointment of a Proxy under a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting 
Certificate in relation to a Meeting shall remain in force in relation to any resumption of such 
Meeting following an adjournment save that no such appointment of a Proxy in relation to a 
meeting originally convened which has been adjourned for want of a quorum shall remain in 
force in relation to such meeting when it is resumed. Any person appointed to vote at such 
Meeting must be re-appointed under a Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate to vote 
at the Meeting when it is resumed. 
18. 
RESOLUTIONS 
18.1 
Ordinary Resolutions 
Subject to Article 18.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions), a Meeting shall have the following 
powers exercisable by Ordinary Resolution, to: 
18.1.1 grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of 
the Conditions, is required to be the subject of an Ordinary Resolution or required to 
be the subject of a resolution or determined by a Meeting and not required to be the 
subject of an Extraordinary Resolution; and 
18.1.2 to authorise the Representative of the Bondholders or any other person to execute all 
documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Ordinary Resolution. 
18.2 
Extraordinary Resolutions 
A Meeting, in addition to any powers assigned to it in the Conditions, shall have power 
exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution to: 
18.2.1 sanction any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders, the Bondholders or any of 
them; 
18.2.2 approve any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise in respect of (a) the 
rights of the Representative of the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Bondholders or any of them, whether such rights arise under the Programme 
Documents or otherwise, and (b) these Rules, the Conditions or of any Programme

--- Page 154 ---
- 144 - 
 
Document or any arrangement in respect of the obligations of the Issuer under or in 
respect of the Covered Bonds, which, in any such case, shall be proposed by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders and/or any other party 
thereto; 
18.2.3 discharge or exonerate, whether retrospectively or otherwise, the Representative of 
the Bondholders from any liability in relation to any act or omission for which the 
Representative of the Bondholders has or may become liable pursuant or in relation to 
these Rules, the Conditions or any other Programme Document; 
18.2.4 waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer, the Guarantor or (if 
relevant) any other Transaction Party of its obligations under or in respect of these 
Rules, these Conditions or any other Programme Document or any act or omission 
which might otherwise constitute an Event of Default; 
18.2.5 grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of 
the Conditions, must be granted by an Extraordinary Resolution; 
18.2.6 authorise and ratify the actions of the Representative of the Bondholders in 
compliance with these Rules, the Intercreditor Agreement and any other Programme 
Document; 
18.2.7 to appoint any persons (whether Bondholders or not) as a committee to represent the 
interests of the Bondholders and to confer on any such committee any powers which 
the Bondholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; and 
18.2.8 authorise the Representative of the Bondholders or any other person to execute all 
documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution. 
18.3 
Programme Resolutions 
A Meeting shall have power exercisable by a Programme Resolution to direct the 
Representative of the Bondholders to take any action pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Issuer 
Events of Default) and Condition 10.3 (Guarantor Event of Default) or to appoint or remove 
the Representative of the Bondholders pursuant to Article 26 (Appointment, Removal and 
Remuneration) or to extend the Test Remedy Period or to take any other action required by 
the Conditions or any Programme Document to be taken by Programme Resolution. 
18.4 
Other Series of Covered Bonds 
No Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution other than a Programme Resolution that 
is passed by the Holders of one Series of Covered Bonds shall be effective in respect of 
another Series of Covered Bonds unless it is sanctioned by an Ordinary Resolution or 
Extraordinary Resolution (as the case may be) of the Holders of Covered Bonds then 
outstanding of that other Series. 
19. 
EFFECT OF RESOLUTIONS 
19.1 
Binding nature 
Subject to Article 18.4 (Other Series of Covered Bonds), any resolution passed at a Meeting 
of the Bondholders duly convened and held in accordance with these Rules shall be binding 
upon all Bondholders, whether or not present at such Meeting and or not voting. A 
Programme Resolution passed at any Meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all 
Series shall be binding on all holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series, whether or not

--- Page 155 ---
- 145 - 
 
present at the meeting. 
19.2 
Notice of voting results 
Notice of the results of every vote on a resolution duly considered by Bondholders shall be 
published (at the cost of the Issuer) in accordance with the Conditions and given to the 
Registrar and the Principal Paying Agent (with a copy to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Representative of the Bondholders within 14 days of the conclusion of each Meeting). 
20. 
CHALLENGE TO RESOLUTIONS 
Any absent or dissenting Bondholder has the right to challenge Resolutions which are not 
passed in compliance with the provisions of these Rules. 
21. 
MINUTES 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings of each Meeting. The Minutes shall 
be signed by the Chairman and shall be prima facie evidence of the proceedings therein 
recorded. Unless and until the contrary is proved, every Meeting in respect of which minutes 
have been signed by the Chairman shall be regarded as having been duly convened and held 
and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted shall be regarded as having been duly 
passed and transacted. 
22. 
WRITTEN RESOLUTION 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution or a 
Programme Resolution, or in respect of matters required to be determined by Ordinary 
Resolution, as if it were an Ordinary Resolution. 
23. 
INDIVIDUAL ACTIONS AND REMEDIES 
Each Bondholder has accepted and is bound by the provisions of Condition 11 (Limited 
Recourse and Non Petition) accordingly, if any Bondholder is considering bringing individual 
actions or using other individual remedies to enforce his/her rights under the Guarantee 
(hereinafter, a Claiming Bondholder), then such Claiming Bondholder intending to enforce 
his/her rights under the Covered Bonds will notify the Representative of the Bondholders of 
his/her intention. The Representative of the Bondholders shall inform the other Bondholders 
of such prospective individual actions and remedies and invite them to raise, in writing, any 
objection that they may have by a specific date not more than 30 days after the date of the 
Representative of the Bondholders notification and not less than 15 days after such 
notification. If Bondholders representing 5% or more of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds then outstanding object to such prospective individual 
actions and remedies, then the Claiming Bondholder will be prevented from taking any 
individual action or remedy (without prejudice to the fact that after a reasonable period of 
time, the same matter may be resubmitted to the Representative of the Bondholders pursuant 
to the terms of this Article). 
24. 
MEETINGS AND SEPARATE SERIES 
24.1 
Choice of Meeting 
If and whenever the Issuer shall have issued and have outstanding Covered Bonds of more 
than one Series the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall have effect subject to the 
following modifications:

--- Page 156 ---
- 146 - 
 
24.1.1 a Resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders affects 
the Covered Bonds of only one Series shall be deemed to have been duly passed if 
passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of that Series; 
24.1.2 a Resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders affects 
the Covered Bonds of more than one Series but does not give rise to a conflict of 
interest between the holders of Covered Bonds of any of the Series so affected shall 
be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a single meeting of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds of all the Series so affected; 
24.1.3 a Resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders affects 
the Covered Bonds of more than one Series and gives or may give rise to a conflict of 
interest between the holders of the Covered Bonds of one Series or group of Series so 
affected and the holders of the Covered Bonds of another Series or group of Series so 
affected shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at separate meetings 
of the holders of the Covered Bonds of each Series or group of Series so affected; 
24.1.4 a Programme Resolution shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at a 
single meeting of the Bondholders of all Series; and 
24.1.5 to all such meetings all the preceding provisions of these Rules shall mutatis mutandis 
apply as though references therein to Covered Bonds and Bondholders were 
references to the Covered Bonds of the Series or group of Series in question or to the 
holders of such Covered Bonds, as the case may be. 
24.2 
Denominations other than euro 
If the Issuer has issued and has outstanding Covered Bonds which are not denominated in 
euro in the case of any meeting or request in writing or Written Resolution of holders of 
Covered Bonds of more than one currency (whether in respect of a meeting or any adjourned 
such meeting or any poll resulting therefrom or any such request or Written Resolution) the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of such Covered Bonds shall be the equivalent in euro at the 
relevant Swap Rate. In such circumstances, on any poll each person present shall have one 
vote for each €1.00 (or such other euro amount as the Representative of the Bondholders may 
in its absolute discretion stipulate) of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds (converted as above) which he holds or represents. 
25. 
FURTHER REGULATIONS 
Subject to all other provisions contained in these Rules, the Representative of the 
Bondholders and the Issuer may agree such further regulations regarding the holding of 
Meetings and attendance and voting at them and/or the provisions of a Written Resolution as 
the Representative of the Bondholders and the Issuer in their discretion may decide. 
TITLE III 
THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
26. 
APPOINTMENT, REMOVAL AND REMUNERATION 
26.1 
Appointment 
The appointment of the Representative of the Bondholders takes place by Programme 
Resolution in accordance with the provisions of this Article 26, except for the appointment of 
the first Representative of the Bondholders which will be BNP Paribas, Italian branch.

--- Page 157 ---
- 147 - 
 
26.2 
Identity of Representative of the Bondholders 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall be: 
26.2.1 a bank incorporated in any jurisdiction of the European Union or a bank incorporated 
in any other jurisdiction acting through an Italian branch; or 
26.2.2 a company or financial institution enrolled with the register held by the Bank of Italy 
pursuant to Article 107 of the Consolidated Banking Act; or 
26.2.3 any other entity which is not prohibited from acting in the capacity of Representative 
of the Bondholders pursuant to the law. 
The directors and auditors of the Issuer and those who fall within the conditions set out in 
Article 2399 of the Italian Civil Code cannot be appointed as Representative of the 
Bondholders and, if appointed as such, they shall be automatically removed. 
26.3 
Duration of appointment 
Unless the Representative of the Bondholders is removed by a Programme Resolution of the 
Bondholders or resigns pursuant to Article 27 (Resignation of the Representative of the 
Bondholders), it shall remain in office until full repayment or cancellation of all the Covered 
Bonds. 
26.4 
After termination 
In the event of a termination of the appointment of the Representative of the Bondholders for 
any reason whatsoever, such representative shall remain in office until the substitute 
Representative of the Bondholders, which shall be an entity specified in Article 26.2 (Identity 
of Representative of the Bondholders), accepts its appointment, and the powers and authority 
of the Representative of the Bondholders whose appointment has been terminated shall, 
pending the acceptance of its appointment by the substitute, be limited to those necessary to 
perform the essential functions required in connection with the Covered Bonds. 
26.5 
Remuneration 
The Guarantor shall pay to the Representative of the Bondholders an annual fee for its 
services as Representative of the Bondholders from the First Issue Date, as agreed either in 
the initial agreement(s) for the issue of and subscription for the Covered Bonds or in a 
separate fee letter. Such fees shall accrue from day to day and shall be payable in accordance 
with the priority of payments set out in the Intercreditor Agreement up to (and including) the 
date when all the Covered Bonds of whatever Series shall have been repaid in full or 
cancelled in accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
27. 
RESIGNATION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
The Representative of the Bondholders may resign at any time by giving at least three 
calendar months' written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, without needing to provide 
any specific reason for the resignation and without being responsible for any costs incurred as 
a result of such resignation. The resignation of the Representative of the Bondholders shall 
not become effective until a new Representative of the Bondholders has been appointed in 
accordance with Article 26.1 (Appointment) and such new Representative of the Bondholders 
has accepted its appointment. provided that if Bondholders fail to select a new 
Representative of the Bondholders within three months of written notice of resignation 
delivered by the Representative of the Bondholders, the Representative of the Bondholders

--- Page 158 ---
- 148 - 
 
may appoint a successor which is a qualifying entity pursuant to Article 26.2 (Identity of the 
Representative of the Bondholders). 
28. 
DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
28.1 
Representative of the Bondholders as legal representative 
The Representative of the Bondholders is the legal representative of the Bondholders and has 
the power to exercise the rights conferred on it by the Programme Documents in order to 
protect the interests of the Bondholders. 
28.2 
Meetings and resolutions 
Unless any Resolution provides to the contrary, the Representative of the Bondholders is 
responsible for implementing all Resolutions of the Bondholders. The Representative of the 
Bondholders has the right to convene and attend Meetings (together with its adviser) to 
propose any course of action which it considers from time to time necessary or desirable. 
28.3 
Delegation 
The Representative of the Bondholders may in the exercise of the powers, discretions and 
authorities vested in it by these Rules and the Programme Documents: 
28.3.1 act by responsible officers or a responsible officer for the time being of the 
Representative of the Bondholders; 
28.3.2 whenever it considers it expedient and in the interest of the Bondholders, whether by 
power of attorney or otherwise, delegate to any person some, but not all, of the 
powers, discretions or authorities vested in it as aforesaid. 
Any such delegation pursuant to Articles 28.3.1 and 28.3.2 may be made upon such 
conditions and subject to such regulations (including power to sub-delegate) as the 
Representative of the Bondholders may think fit in the interest of the Bondholders. The 
Representative of the Bondholders shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, give notice to the 
Issuer and the Guarantor of the appointment of any delegate and any renewal, extension and 
termination of such appointment, and shall procure that any delegate shall give notice to the 
Issuer and the Guarantor of the appointment of any sub-delegate as soon as reasonably 
practicable. 
28.4 
Judicial proceedings 
The Representative of the Bondholders is authorised to represent the Bondholders in any 
judicial proceedings including any Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor. 
28.5 
Consents given by Representative of Bondholders 
Any consent or approval given by the Representative of the Bondholders under these Rules 
and any other Programme Document may be given on such terms and subject to such 
conditions (if any) as the Representative of the Bondholders deems appropriate and, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in these Rules or in the Programme 
Documents, such consent or approval may be given retrospectively. 
The Representative of the Bondholders may give any consent or approval, exercise any 
power, authority or discretion or take any similar action if it is satisfied that the interests of

--- Page 159 ---
- 149 - 
 
Bondholders will not be materially prejudiced thereby. 
28.6 
Discretions 
Save as expressly otherwise provided herein, the Representative of the Bondholders shall 
have absolute discretion as to the exercise or non-exercise of any right, power and discretion 
vested in the Representative of the Bondholders by these Rules or by operation of law. 
28.7 
Obtaining instructions 
In connection with matters in respect of which the Representative of the Bondholders is 
entitled to exercise its discretion hereunder (including but not limited to forming any opinion 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise of any discretion), the Representative of the 
Bondholders has the right (but not the obligation) to convene a Meeting or Meetings in order 
to obtain the Bondholders' instructions as to how it should act. Prior to undertaking any 
action, the Representative of the Bondholders shall be entitled to request that the Bondholders 
indemnify it and/or provide it with security as specified in Article 29.2 (Specific Limitations). 
28.8 
Remedy 
The Representative of the Bondholders may determine whether or not a default in the 
performance by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any obligation under the provisions of these 
Rules, the Conditions or any other Programme Documents may be remedied, and if the 
Representative of the Bondholders certifies that any such default is, in its opinion, not capable 
of being remedied, such certificate shall be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer, the 
Bondholders, the other creditors of the Guarantor and any other party to the Programme 
Documents. 
29. 
EXONERATION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
29.1 
Limited obligations 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall not assume any obligations or responsibilities in 
addition to those expressly provided herein and in the Programme Documents. 
29.2 
Specific limitations 
Without limiting the generality of the Article 29.1, the Representative of the Bondholders: 
29.2.1 shall not be under any obligation to take any steps to ascertain whether an Event of 
Default or any other event, condition or act, the occurrence of which would cause a 
right or remedy to become exercisable by the Representative of the Bondholders 
hereunder or under any other Programme Document, has occurred and, until the 
Representative of the Bondholders has actual knowledge or express notice to the 
contrary, it shall be entitled to assume that no Event of Default or such other event, 
condition or act has occurred; 
29.2.2 shall not be under any obligation to monitor or supervise the observance and 
performance by the Issuer or the Guarantor or any other parties of their obligations 
contained in these Rules, the Programme Documents or the Conditions and, until it 
shall have actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, the Representative of 
the Bondholders shall be entitled to assume that the Issuer or the Guarantor and each 
other party to the Programme Documents are duly observing and performing all their 
respective obligations;

--- Page 160 ---
- 150 - 
 
29.2.3 except as expressly required in these Rules or any Programme Document, shall not be 
under any obligation to give notice to any person of its activities in performance of 
the provisions of these Rules or any other Programme Document; 
29.2.4 shall not be responsible for investigating the legality, validity, effectiveness, 
adequacy, suitability or genuineness of these Rules or of any Programme Document, 
or of any other document or any obligation or right created or purported to be created 
hereby or thereby or pursuant hereto or thereto, and (without prejudice to the 
generality of the foregoing) it shall not have any responsibility for or have any duty to 
make any investigation in respect of or in any way be liable whatsoever for: 
(i)  
the nature, status, creditworthiness or solvency of the Issuer or the Guarantor; 
(ii)  
the existence, accuracy or sufficiency of any legal or other opinion, search, 
report, certificate, valuation or investigation delivered or obtained or required 
to be delivered or obtained at any time in connection with the Programme; 
(iii) 
the suitability, adequacy or sufficiency of any collection procedure operated 
by the Servicer or compliance therewith; 
(iv) 
the failure by the Issuer to obtain or comply with any licence, consent or 
other authorisation in connection with the purchase or administration of the 
assets contained in the Cover Pool; and 
(v) 
any accounts, books, records or files maintained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Servicer and the Principal Paying Agent or any other person in respect of 
the Cover Pool or the Covered Bonds; 
29.2.5 shall not be responsible for the receipt or application by the Issuer of the proceeds of 
the issue of the Covered Bonds or the distribution of any of such proceeds to the 
persons entitled thereto; 
29.2.6 shall have no responsibility for procuring or maintaining any rating of the Covered 
Bonds by any credit or rating agency or any other person; 
29.2.7 shall not be responsible for investigating any matter which is the subject of any recital, 
statement, warranty, representation or covenant by any party other than the 
Representative of the Bondholders contained herein or in any Programme Document 
or any certificate, document or agreement relating thereto or for the execution, 
legality, validity, effectiveness, enforceability or admissibility in evidence thereof; 
29.2.8 shall not be liable for any failure, omission or defect in registering or filing or 
procuring registration or filing of or otherwise protecting or perfecting these Rules or 
any Programme Document; 
29.2.9 shall not be bound or concerned to examine or enquire into or be liable for any defect 
or failure in the right or title of the Guarantor in relation to the assets contained in the 
Cover Pool or any part thereof, whether such defect or failure was known to the 
Representative of the Bondholders or might have been discovered upon examination 
or enquiry or whether capable of being remedied or not; 
29.2.10 shall not be under any obligation to guarantee or procure the repayment of the 
Mortgage Receivables contained in the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
29.2.11 shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any report relating to the Cover

--- Page 161 ---
- 151 - 
 
Pool or any part thereof provided by any person; 
29.2.12 shall not be responsible for or have any liability with respect to any loss or damage 
arising from the realisation of the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
29.2.13 shall not be responsible (except as expressly provided in the Conditions) for making 
or verifying any determination or calculation in respect of the Covered Bonds, the 
Cover Pool or any Programme Document; 
29.2.14 shall not be under any obligation to insure the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
29.2.15 shall, when in these Rules or any Programme Document it is required in connection 
with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions to have regard to the 
interests of the Bondholders, have regard to the overall interests of the Bondholders 
of each Series as a class of persons and shall not be obliged to have regard to any 
interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Bondholders whatever 
their number and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the 
consequences of such exercise for individual Bondholders (whatever their number) 
resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise 
connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or taxing 
authority; 
29.2.16 shall not, if in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or 
discretions, it is of the opinion that the interest of the holders of the Covered Bonds of 
any one or more Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, exercise such power, 
trust, authority or discretion without the approval of such Bondholders by 
Extraordinary Resolution or by a Written Resolution; 
29.2.17 shall, as regards at the powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested in it by the 
Programme Documents, except where expressly provided therein, have regard to the 
interests of both the Bondholders and the other creditors of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor but if, in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders, there is a 
conflict between their interests the Representative of the Bondholders will have 
regard solely to the interest of the Bondholders; 
29.2.18 may refrain from taking any action or exercising any right, power, authority or 
discretion vested in it under these Rules or any Programme Document or any other 
agreement relating to the transactions herein or therein contemplated until it has been 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against any and all actions, proceedings, 
claims and demands which might be brought or made against it and against all costs, 
charges, damages, expenses and liabilities suffered, incurred or sustained by it as a 
result. Nothing contained in these Rules or any of the other Programme Documents 
shall require the Representative of the Bondholders to expend or risk its own funds or 
otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its duties or the exercise 
of any right, power, authority or discretion hereunder if it has grounds for believing 
the repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against, or security for, such risk 
or liability is not reasonably assured; and 
29.2.19 shall not have any liability for any loss, liability, damages claim or expense directly 
or indirectly suffered or incurred by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any Bondholder, any 
Other Guarantor Creditor or any other person (except insofar as the same are incurred 
as a result of fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo) of 
the Representative of the Bondholders) as a result of (a) the delivery by the 
Representative of the Bondholders of the certificate of incapability of remedy relating 
any material default of obligations pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Issuer Events of

--- Page 162 ---
- 152 - 
 
Default) and Condition 10.3 (Guarantor Events of Default) on the basis of an opinion 
formed by it in good faith; or (b) any determination, any act, matter or thing that will 
not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Bondholders as a whole or the 
interests of the Bondholders of any Series. 
29.3 
Illegality 
No provision of these Rules shall require the Representative of the Bondholders to do 
anything which may be illegal or contrary to applicable law or regulations or to expend 
moneys or otherwise take risks in the performance of any of its duties, or in the exercise of 
any of its powers or discretion. The Representative of the Bondholders may refrain from 
taking any action which would or might, in its opinion, be contrary to any law of any 
jurisdiction or any regulation or directive of any agency of any state, or if it has reasonable 
grounds to believe that it will not be reimbursed for any funds it expends, or that it will not be 
indemnified against any loss or liability which it may incur as a consequence of such action. 
The Representative of the Bondholders may do anything which, in its opinion, is necessary to 
comply with any such law, regulation or directive as aforesaid. 
30. 
RELIANCE ON INFORMATION 
30.1 
Advice 
The Representative of the Bondholders may act on the advice of a certificate or opinion of, or 
any written information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, broker, credit or 
rating agency or other expert, whether obtained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Bondholders or otherwise, and shall not be liable for any loss 
occasioned by so acting. Any such opinion, advice, certificate or information may be sent or 
obtained by letter, telegram, e-mail or PEC and the Representative of the Bondholders shall 
not be liable for acting on any opinion, advice, certificate or information purporting to be so 
conveyed although the same contains some error or is not authentic. 
30.2 
Certificates of Issuer and/or Guarantor 
The Representative of the Bondholders may require, and shall be at liberty to accept as 
sufficient evidence: 
30.2.1 as to any fact or matter prima facie within the Issuer's or the Guarantor's knowledge, 
a certificate duly signed by a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the 
Guarantor; 
30.2.1 to the effect that any particular dealing, transaction, step or thing is expedient, a 
certificate (stating that such is the case) of a director of the Issuer or (as the case may 
be) the Guarantor, 
and the Representative of the Bondholders shall not be bound in any such case to call for 
further evidence or be responsible for any loss that may be incurred as a result of acting on 
such certificate unless any of its officers in charge of the administration of these Rules shall 
have actual knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness of the matters contained in the 
certificate. 
30.3 
Resolution or direction of Bondholders 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall not be responsible for acting upon any resolution 
purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting in respect 
whereof minutes have been made and signed or a direction of the requisite percentage of

--- Page 163 ---
- 153 - 
 
Bondholders, even though it may subsequently be found that there was some defect in the 
constitution of the Meeting or the passing of the Written Resolution or the giving of such 
directions or that for any reason the resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or to 
have been passed at any Meeting or the giving of the direction was not valid or binding upon 
the Bondholders. 
30.4 
Certificates of Monte Titoli Account Holders 
The Representative of the Bondholders, in order to ascertain ownership of the Covered 
Bonds, may fully rely on the certificates issued by any Monte Titoli Account Holder in 
accordance with the regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 
August 2018, as amended from time to time, which certificates are to be conclusive proof of 
the matters certified therein. 
30.5 
Clearing Systems 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall be at liberty to call for and to rely on as 
sufficient evidence of the facts stated therein, a certificate, letter or confirmation certified as 
true and accurate and signed on behalf of such clearing system as the Representative of the 
Bondholders considers appropriate, or any form of record made by any clearing system, to the 
effect that at any particular time or throughout any particular period any particular person is, 
or was, or will be, shown its records as entitled to a particular number of Covered Bonds. 
30.6 
Rating Agencies 
The Representative of the Bondholders in evaluating, for the purposes of exercising any 
power, authority, duty or discretion under or in relation to these Rules that such exercise will 
not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Bondholders of any Series or of all Series 
for the time being outstanding, may consider, inter alia, the circumstance that the then current 
rating of the Covered Bonds of any such Series or all such Series (as the case may be) would 
not be adversely affected by such exercise. If the Representative of the Bondholders, in order 
properly to exercise its rights or fulfil its obligations, deems it necessary to obtain the views 
of the Rating Agencies as to how a specific act would affect any outstanding rating of the 
Covered Bonds, the Representative of the Bondholders may inform the Issuer, which will 
then obtain such views at its expense on behalf of the Representative of the Bondholders or 
the Representative of the Bondholders may seek and obtain such views itself at the cost of the 
Issuer. 
30.7 
Certificates of Parties to Programme Document 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall have the right to call for or require the Issuer or 
the Guarantor to call for and to rely on written certificates issued by any party (other than the 
Issuer or the Guarantor) to the Intercreditor Agreement or any other Programme Document, 
30.7.1 in respect of every matter and circumstance for which a certificate is expressly 
provided for under the Conditions or any Programme Document; 
30.7.2 as any matter or fact prima facie within the knowledge of such party; or 
30.7.3 as to such party's opinion with respect to any issue 
and the Representative of the Bondholders shall not be required to seek additional evidence in 
respect of the relevant fact, matter or circumstances and shall not be held responsible for any 
loss, liability, cost, damage, expense, or charge incurred as a result of having failed to do so 
unless any of its officers has actual knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness of the

--- Page 164 ---
- 154 - 
 
matter contained in the certificate. 
30.8 
Auditors 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating 
any auditors' report or certificate and may rely on the contents of any such report or 
certificate. 
31. 
AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATIONS 
31.1 
Modifications 
The Representative of the Bondholders may at any time and from time to time and without 
the consent or sanction of the Bondholders of any Series concur with the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor and any other relevant parties in making any modification (and for this purpose the 
Representative of the Bondholders may disregard whether any such modification relates to a 
Series Reserved Matter) as follows: 
31.1.1 to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Programme Documents which, in the 
opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders, it may be expedient to make 
provided that the Representative of the Bondholders is of the opinion that such 
modification will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the 
Bondholders of any Series; and 
31.1.2 to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Programme Documents which is of a 
formal, minor, administrative or technical nature or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of law; and 
31.1.3 to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Programme Documents which, in the 
opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders (which may be based on the advice 
of, or information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, tax advisor, or 
other expert or confirmation of rating) is to correct a manifest error or an error 
established as such to the satisfaction of the Representative of the Bondholders. 
31.2 
Binding Nature 
Any such modification may be made on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as 
the Representative of the Bondholders may determine, shall be binding upon the Bondholders 
and, unless the Representative of the Bondholders otherwise agrees, shall be notified by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 
16 (Notices) and the Other Guarantor Creditors as soon as practicable thereafter. 
31.3 
Establishing an error 
In evaluating whether an error is established as such, the Representative of the Bondholders 
may have regard to any evidence on which the Representative of the Bondholders considers it 
appropriate to rely and may, but shall not be obliged to, have regard to any of the following: 
31.3.1 a certificate from the Arranger: 
(i) 
stating the intention of the parties to the relevant Programme Document; 
(ii) 
confirming nothing has been said to, or by, investors or any other parties 
which is in any way inconsistent with such stated intention; and

--- Page 165 ---
- 155 - 
 
(iii) 
stating the modification to the relevant Programme Document that is required 
to reflect such intention. 
31.3.2 may consider, inter alia, the circumstance that, after giving effect to such 
modification, the Covered Bonds shall continue to have the same credit ratings as 
those assigned to them immediately prior to the modification. 
31.3 
Obligation to act 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall be bound to concur with the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and any other party in making any modifications to these Rules, the Conditions 
and/or the other Programme Documents if it is so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution 
and then only if it is indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to 
which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing. 
32. 
WAIVER 
32.1 
Waiver of Breach 
The Representative of the Bondholders may at any time and from time to time without the 
consent or sanction of the Bondholders of any Series and, without prejudice to its rights in 
respect of any subsequent breach, condition or event but only if, and in so far as, in its opinion 
the interests of the Holders of the Covered Bonds of any Series then outstanding shall not be 
materially prejudiced thereby: 
32.1.1 authorise or waive any proposed breach or breach by the Issuer or the Guarantor of 
any of the covenants or provisions contained in the Guarantee, these Rules, the 
Conditions or the other Programme Documents; or 
32.1.2 determine that any Event of Default shall not be treated as such for the purposes of 
the Programme Documents, 
without any consent or sanction of the Bondholders. 
32.2 
Binding Nature 
Any such authorisation or waiver or determination may be given on such terms and subject to 
such conditions (if any) as the Representative of the Bondholders may determine, shall be 
binding on all Bondholders and, if the Representative of the Bondholders so requires, shall be 
notified to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) and the Other 
Guarantor Creditors by the Issuer or the Guarantor, as soon as practicable after it has been 
given or made in accordance with the provisions of the conditions relating to Notices and the 
relevant Programme Documents. 
32.3 
Restriction on powers 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall not exercise any powers conferred upon it by 
this Article 32 (Waiver) in contravention of any express direction by an Extraordinary 
Resolution, but so that no such direction shall affect any authorisation, waiver or 
determination previously given or made. 
32.4 
Obligation to act 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall be bound to waive or authorise any breach or 
proposed breach by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any of the covenants or provisions

--- Page 166 ---
- 156 - 
 
contained in the Guarantee, these Rules or any of the other Programme Documents or 
determine that any Event of Default shall not be treated as such if it is so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme Resolution, as the case may be, and then only if it 
is indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby 
render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing. 
33. 
INDEMNITY 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, the Guarantor has covenanted and undertaken to 
reimburse, pay or discharge (on a full indemnity basis) upon demand, to the extent not already 
reimbursed, paid or discharged by the Bondholders, all costs, liabilities, losses, charges, 
expenses, damages, actions, proceedings, claims and demands properly incurred by or made 
against the Representative of the Bondholders or any entity to which the Representative of the 
Bondholders has delegated any power, authority or discretion in relation to the exercise or 
purported exercise of its powers, authorities and discretions and the performance of its duties 
under and otherwise in relation to these Rules and the Programme Documents (including but 
not limited to legal and travelling expenses, and any stamp, issue, registration, documentary 
and other taxes or duties paid by the Representative of the Bondholders in connection with 
any action and/or legal proceedings brought or contemplated by the Representative of the 
Bondholders pursuant to the Programme Documents against the Issuer, or any other person to 
enforce any obligation under these Rules, the Covered Bonds or the Programme Documents) 
except insofar as the same are incurred as a result of fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa 
grave) or wilful default (dolo) of the Representative of the Bondholders. 
34. 
LIABILITY 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules and save as provided in the Programme 
Documents, the Representative of the Bondholders shall not be liable for any act, matter or 
thing done or omitted in any way in connection with the Programme Documents, the Covered 
Bonds or these Rules except in relation to its own fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa 
grave) or wilful default (dolo). 
35. 
SECURITY DOCUMENTS 
35.1 
The Deed of Pledge 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall have the right to exercise all the rights granted 
by the Guarantor to the Bondholders pursuant to the Deed of Pledge. The beneficiaries of the 
Deed of Pledge are referred to in this Article 35 as the Secured Bondholders. 
35.2 
Rights of the Representative of the Bondholders 
35.2.1 The Representative of the Bondholders, acting on behalf of the Secured Bondholders, 
shall be entitled to appoint and entrust the Guarantor to collect, in the Secured 
Bondholders' interest and on their behalf, any amounts deriving from the pledged 
claims and rights, and shall be entitled to give instructions, jointly with the Guarantor, 
to the respective debtors of the pledged claims to make the payments related to such 
claims to the Payments Account or to any other account opened in the name of the 
Guarantor and appropriate for such purpose; 
35.2.2 the Secured Bondholders irrevocably waive any right they may have in relation to any 
amount deriving from time to time from the pledged claims or credited to the 
Payments Account or to any other account opened in the name of the Guarantor and 
appropriate of such purpose which is not in accordance with the provisions of this 
Article 35. The Representative of the Bondholders shall not be entitled to collect,

--- Page 167 ---
- 157 - 
 
withdraw or apply, or issue instructions for the collection, withdrawal or application 
of, cash deriving from time to time from the pledged claims under the Deed of Pledge 
except in accordance with the provisions of this Article 35 and the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
TITLE IV 
THE ORGANISATION OF THE BONDHOLDERS AFTER SERVICE OF AN NOTICE 
36. 
POWERS TO ACT ON BEHALF OF THE GUARANTOR 
It is hereby acknowledged that, upon service of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice or, prior 
to service of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice, following the failure of the Guarantor to 
exercise any right to which it is entitled, pursuant to the Mandate Agreement the 
Representative of the Bondholders, in its capacity as legal representative of the Bondholders, 
shall be entitled (also in the interests of the Other Guarantor Creditors) pursuant to Articles 
1411 and 1723 of the Italian Civil Code, to exercise certain rights in relation to the Cover 
Pool. Therefore, the Representative of the Bondholders, in its capacity as legal representative 
of the Bondholders, will be authorised, pursuant to the terms of the Mandate Agreement, to 
exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor and as mandatario in rem propriam of 
the Guarantor, any and all of the Guarantor's rights under certain Programme Documents, 
including the right to give directions and instructions to the relevant parties to the relevant 
Programme Documents. 
TITLE V 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
37. 
GOVERNING LAW 
These Rules are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of the 
Republic of Italy. 
38. 
JURISDICTION 
The Courts of Milan will have jurisdiction to law and determine any suit, action or 
proceedings and to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with these 
Rules.

--- Page 168 ---
- 158 - 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Series of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the Final 
Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, the MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the IDD), where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal 
Agreement) Act 2020) (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[MIFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes [the/each of the] manufacturer[’s/s] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturers[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturers[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each of the] manufacturer[’s/s] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended

--- Page 169 ---
- 159 - 
 
by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) (as amended, UK MiFIR); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] Final Terms dated [⚫] 
Credito Emiliano S.p.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [⚫] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Series] [Title of Covered Bonds] Covered Bonds due 
[Maturity] 
under the €5,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by 
CREDEM CB S.r.l. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [⚫] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
of the Covered Bonds (the Conditions) set forth in the prospectus dated 19 November 2024 [and the 
supplement[s] to the prospectus dated [⚫]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base 
Prospectus) for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended from time to time, the 
Prospectus Regulation). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described 
herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms contain the final 
terms of the Covered Bonds and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Covered Bonds 
described herein is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms [and the Base 
Prospectus as so supplemented]. [The Base Prospectus [, including the supplement[s]] [is/are] 
available for viewing [at [website]] [and] during normal business hours at [address] [and copies may 
be obtained from [address]]. These Final Terms will be published on website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com.  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or 
information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[⚫]

--- Page 170 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[⚫] 
 
 
[(To be fungible from the date on which the 
Covered Bonds are issued with the [⚫]  Series 
[⚫] Tranche [⚫] Covered Bonds due [⚫] issued 
on [⚫])] 
 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Covered Bonds 
will become fungible: 
[Not Applicable] / [The Covered Bonds will be 
consolidated, form a single Series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with 
[(insert Number of the Series and ISIN Code)] 
on [the Issue Date/ (insert date)]] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[⚫] [Euro/UK Sterling/Swiss Franc/Japanese 
Yen/ US Dollar/Other] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[⚫] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (in the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[⚫] [plus integral multiples of [⚫]] (Include 
the wording in square brackets where the 
Specified Denomination is €100,000 or 
equivalent plus multiples of a lower principal 
amount.) 
 
(ii) 
Specified Form: 
 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in 
[dematerialised/ registered] form. 
 
(iii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]

--- Page 171 ---
- 161 - 
 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year.] 
8. 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date 
of 
Guaranteed 
Amounts corresponding to Final Redemption 
Amount under the Guarantee: 
[Not applicable / Specify date or (for Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and 
year] 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[⚫] 
per 
cent. 
Fixed 
Rate][[EURIBOR 
/[other]] +/– [Margin] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Investor Put] (as referred in Condition 6(f)) 
 
 
[Issuer Call] (as referred in Condition 6(d)) 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
11. 
[Date of [Board] approval for issuance of 
Covered 
Bonds 
[and 
Guarantee] 
[respectively]] obtained: 
[⚫] [and [⚫], respectively]  
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
series of Covered Bonds or related Guarantee) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[⚫] per cent per annum payable in arrears on 
each Interest Payment Date

--- Page 172 ---
- 162 - 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[⚫] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable 
Business 
Centre(s) 
for 
the 
definition of "Business Day"]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [⚫]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/360 
30/360  
30E/360  
Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
13. 
Floating Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s):  
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period:  
[⚫] 
 
 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates 
are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather 
than Interest Payment Dates, will only be 
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not 
Applicable") 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Dates:  
[⚫] 
 
 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest 
Payment Dates are alternatives. If the 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
is 
the 
FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar 
Convention, 
insert 
"Not 
Applicable")

--- Page 173 ---
- 163 - 
 
 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/FRN Convention/Floating Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention/No 
Adjustment] 
 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Principal Paying 
Agent): 
[[Name, address(es)]) shall be the Calculation 
Agent] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
(A) 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫] month [EURIBOR] 
 
(B) 
Reference Banks: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[⚫](For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01) 
 
(E) 
Relevant Time: 
[⚫](For example, 11.00 a.m. Luxembourg 
time/Brussels time) 
 
(F)  
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[⚫](For 
example, 
Luxembourg/Euro-zone 
(where Euro-zone means the region comprised 
of the countries whose lawful currency is the 
euro) 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
(A) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[⚫]

--- Page 174 ---
- 164 - 
 
 
(B) 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
Reset Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum 
  
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/360 
30/360  
30E/360  
Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
14. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
Covered Bonds: 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount  
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[⚫] 
15. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-

--- Page 175 ---
- 165 - 
 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
  
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bonds: 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[⚫] 
16. 
Final Redemption Amount of Covered 
Bonds 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
 
(i) 
Minimum Final Redemption Amount: 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Final Redemption Amount: 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
17. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early redemption amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on acceleration following a 
Guarantor Event of Default: 
[Not Applicable / [⚫] per Calculation 
Amount] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
18. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[⚫]] 
 
 
[Note that this paragraph relates to the date 
and place of payment, and not interest period 
end dates, to which sub paragraphs 12(ii) and 
13(vi)] 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). Each of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Credito Emiliano S.p.A. 
 
By:  .....................................................................

--- Page 176 ---
- 166 - 
 
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of CREDEM CB S.r.l. 
By:  ..................................................................... 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 177 ---
- 167 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing 
[Official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/(specify other)/ None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) [for the Covered Bonds to be 
admitted to trading on] [the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/specify 
other regulated market] with effect from 
[⚫]]/[Not Applicable.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original Covered Bonds are 
already admitted to trading.) 
2. 
RATINGS 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Covered Bonds to be issued [have been 
rated]/[are 
expected 
to 
be 
rated]/[The 
following ratings assigned to the Covered 
Bonds of this type issued under the 
Programme generally:][Not applicable] 
 
 
[Moody’s: [⚫]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [⚫]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [⚫]] 
 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider.) 
Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating)] 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a 
credit 
rating 
agency 
established 
and 
registered in the UK or certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation

--- Page 178 ---
- 168 - 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the EU 
CRA Regulation). [[Insert legal name of 
particular 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update 
of the list of registered credit rating agencies 
(as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the 
ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
[The rating [Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has given to the Covered Bonds is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ((as amended, by the 
European (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) 
the UK CRA Regulation).] /[[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ((as amended, by the European 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) the UK 
CRA Regulation).]/ [[Insert legal name of 
particular 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity 
providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ((as amended, by the European 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) the UK 
CRA Regulation) and the rating it has given 
to the Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (UK).] 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation but 
has applied for registration and details of 
whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK 
or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the EEA and has applied for registration 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (as amended, by the European 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) (the EU

--- Page 179 ---
- 169 - 
 
CRA Regulation), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not 
yet been provided by the [relevant competent 
authority] /[European Securities and Markets 
Authority]. [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
[The 
rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to 
the Covered Bonds is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ((as amended, by the European 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) the UK 
CRA Regulation).] / [[Insert legal name of 
particular 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ( (as amended, by the European 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) the UK 
CRA Regulation).] / [[Insert legal name of 
particular 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity 
providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ((as amended, by the European 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) the UK 
CRA Regulation) and the rating it has given 
to the Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
not applied for registration and details of 
whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK 
or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the EEA and is neither registered nor has it 
applied for registration under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the EU 
CRA Regulation). [[Insert legal name of 
particular 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity

--- Page 180 ---
- 170 - 
 
providing rating] appears on the latest update 
of the list of registered credit rating agencies 
(as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the 
ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
[The rating [Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has given to the Covered Bonds is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation (UK)).] / [[Insert legal name of 
particular 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation).] / 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation) and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a 
credit 
rating 
agency 
established 
and 
registered in the EEA or certified under the 
EU CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the UK CRA Regulation). [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update 
of the list of registered credit rating agencies 
(as of [insert date of most recent list]) on 
[FCA].  [The rating [Insert legal name of 
particular 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity 
providing rating] has given to the Covered 
Bonds to be issued under the Programme is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and

--- Page 181 ---
- 171 - 
 
registered 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, as amended (the EU CRA 
Regulation).] 
[[Insert 
legal 
name 
of 
particular 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the EU CRA Regulation).] / [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the UK CRA Regulation) and the rating it 
has given to the Covered Bonds is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation.] 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or 
the UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a 
CRA which is established and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and/or under 
the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA or the UK but the 
rating it has given to the Covered Bonds to be 
issued under the Programme is endorsed by 
[[insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the EU CRA Regulation)] [and/or] 
[[insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation)]. 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or 
the UK and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation but CRA is certified under 
the EU CRA Regulation and/or under the UK 
CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA or the UK but is 
certified 
under 
[Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, as amended (the EU CRA 
Regulation)] [and/or] [Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of

--- Page 182 ---
- 172 - 
 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation)]. 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the 
EEA or the UK nor certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA or the UK and is not 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, as amended (the EU CRA 
Regulation) 
or 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation) and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in either the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
or in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation.”] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement:  
“Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the issue of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and [its] affiliates in the ordinary course of business”] [Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need 
for a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
 
[(i) Use of proceeds: 
[General funding purposes of the CREDEM

--- Page 183 ---
- 173 - 
 
Group] / [The net proceeds from the issue of 
the Covered Bonds will be used to finance or 
refinance Eligible Green Assets or Eligible 
Social Assets (as defined in the section “Use 
of Proceeds” of the Base Prospectus)].  
(If the Covered Bonds are denominated 
“Green 
Bonds”, 
“Social 
Bonds” 
or 
“Sustainability Bonds” describe the relevant 
Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social 
Assets to which the net proceeds of the 
Covered Bonds will be applied and make 
reference to the relevant bond framework to 
which the net proceeds of the Covered Bonds 
will be applied or describe the criteria which 
will be used to determine how the proceeds 
are allocated for sustainable purposes.)  
(Applicable only in the case of securities to 
be classified as Green Bonds. If not 
applicable, delete this paragraph.) 
[Further 
details 
on 
[Eligible 
Green 
Assets]/[Eligible Social Assets] are included 
in the [Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework], made available on the Issuer’s 
website in the investor relations section at 
[⚫]] 
 
[(ii) Estimated net amount of proceeds 
[⚫]] 
 
[(iii) Estimated expenses in relation to the 
admission to trading 
[⚫]] 
5. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
(Please note that this is applicable in respect 
of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only) 
[Not applicable / [⚫]] 
6. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds only – 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/other] rates can be obtained from [Reuters] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
 
[Benchmarks 
Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds 
will be calculated by reference to [●] which is 
provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does 
not appear] on the register of administrators

--- Page 184 ---
- 174 - 
 
and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation 
(EU) No. 2016/101 (the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation).  
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [●] does/do not 
fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that 
regulation] / [the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
apply], such that [●] is not currently required 
to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located 
outside 
the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]”  
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code:  
[⚫] 
 
[Common Code: 
CFI 
 
 
[⚫]] (if available) 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] as published on the 
website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN. 
[⚫]. 
 
FISN 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] as published on the 
website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN. 
 
Any Relevant Clearing System(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
and the relevant identification number(s):  
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and Specified Offices of additional 
Principal Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)]

--- Page 185 ---
- 175 - 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes][No][Not 
Applicable](Note that the 
designation "yes" simply means that the 
Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be 
held in a form which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility (i.e. issued in dematerialised form 
(emesse in forma dematerializzata) and wholly 
and exclusively deposited with Monte Titoli in 
accordance with 83-bis of Italian legislative 
decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended, through the authorised institutions 
listed in article 83-quater of such legislative 
decree) and does not necessarily mean that the 
Covered Bonds will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.)  
 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names and business 
addresses of Managers 
(iii) 
Name(s) and business addresse(s) 
of Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names and business 
address] 
[Not Applicable/give names and business 
address] 
 
(iv) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
and 
business addressee of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names and business 
address 
 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category] 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not 
constitute 
“packaged” 
products, 
“Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Covered Bonds may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document 
will be prepared, “Applicable” should be 
specified.)

--- Page 186 ---
- 176 - 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not 
constitute “packaged” products, or the 
Covered Bonds do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document 
will 
be 
prepared 
in 
the 
UK, 
“Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Covered Bonds may constitute “packaged” 
products, 
“Applicable” 
should 
be 
specified.)” 
(viii) 
European 
Covered 
Bonds 
(premium) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 187 ---
- 177 - 
 
PRO FORMA REGISTERED COVERED BONDS 
The following is the form of Registered Covered Bonds (the pro forma certificate with the relevant 
Conditions attached as Schedule 1 and the relevant Final Terms attached as Schedule 2)  
FORM OF REGISTERED COVERED BONDS 
REGISTERED COVERED BONDS 
THIS SECURITY AND ANY GUARANTEE IN RESPECT THEREOF HAS NOT BEEN AND 
WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, 
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS. 
CREDITO EMILIANO S.P.A. 
SERIES [●] REGISTERED COVERED BONDS 
[Insert currency and principal amount] 
[Insert currency and principal amount in words] 
Issue Date: [insert date] 
Maturity Date: [insert date] 
[if the Registered Covered Bonds has an Extended Maturity Date, insert: Extended Maturity Date: 
[insert date]] 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by 
CREDEM CB S.R.L. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company in the Republic of Italy) 
This certificate evidences the Series [●] registered Covered Bonds (the Registered Covered Bonds) 
of Credito Emiliano S.p.A. with its registered office in Reggio Emilia, Via Emilia San Pietro, 4, Italy, 
(the Issuer) described, and having the provisions specified, in the Conditions attached as Schedule 1 
hereto (the Registered Covered Bonds Conditions) which forms an integral part thereof and in the 
Final Terms attached under Schedule 2 (the Registered Covered Bonds Final Terms). Words and 
expressions defined or set out in the Registered Covered Bonds Conditions and in the Registered 
Covered Bonds Final Terms shall have the same meaning when used in this certificate. 
The Issuer shall pay to the registered holder of this Registered Covered Bonds the amounts payable in 
respect thereof pursuant to the Registered Covered Bonds Conditions and the Registered Covered 
Bonds Final Terms. 
The rights and claims arising out of the Registered Covered Bonds as well as the title to this 
certificate will be transferred solely on the basis of due registration in the Register held by [●] as 
Registrar. Solely the duly registered holder of Registered Covered Bonds in the Register may claim 
payments under the Registered Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer hereby certifies that at the date hereof [insert name and complete address of Bondholder] 
has been entered in the Register as the holder of this Registered Covered Bonds in the aforesaid

--- Page 188 ---
- 178 - 
 
principal amount. 
This Registered Covered Bonds shall not be valid unless authenticated by the Registrar. 
This Certificate is written in the English language [and provided with a [●] language translation.] The 
English text shall be prevailing and binding. [The [●] language translation is provided for 
convenience only.] 
[insert issue date] 
CREDITO EMILIANO S.P.A. 
SIGNED by [insert name of individual] 
_______________________ 
As an authorises signatory  
For CREDITO EMILIANO S.P.A. 
Authenticated without recourse, 
warranty or liability by 
[●] as Registrar 
By: 
 
* * * * * 
SCHEDULE 1 
REGISTERED COVERED BONDS CONDITIONS 
[TO BE COPIED IN FROM SECTION "CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS" OF THE 
PROSPECTUS UPON EXECUTION OF THIS PRO-FORMA REGISTERED COVERED BOND] 
* * * * * 
SCHEDULE 2 
REGISTERED COVERED BOND FINAL TERMS 
[FINAL TERMS TO BE ATTACHED UPON THEIR EXECUTION]

--- Page 189 ---
- 179 - 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Covered Bonds will be used, as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms relating to the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds, either: 
(a) 
for general funding purposes of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Assets and/or Eligible Social 
Assets (as defined below). 
In accordance with the ICMA Green Bond Principles, the ICMA Social Bond Principles and the 
ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines (the “ICMA Principles”), only Covered Bonds financing or 
refinancing Eligible Green Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets, and complying with the relevant 
eligibility criteria and any other criteria set out in the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework (as amended, supplemented, replaced, restated or otherwise updated from time to time, 
the “Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework”) and which, prior to the relevant Issue 
Date, 
will 
be 
available 
in 
the 
investor 
relations 
section 
of 
Credem's 
website 
at  
https://www.credem.it/content/credem/en/credem-group/sostenibilita/esg-bond-documents.html 
(including as amended, supplemented, replaced, restated or otherwise updated on such website from 
time to time) will be classified as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or, as the case may be, Sustainability 
Bonds. 
The Issuer has obtained a second-party opinion from an external environmental, social and corporate 
governance research and analysis provider assessing the alignment of the Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework with the ICMA Principles  (the "Green, Social and Sustainability 
Bond Framework Second Party Opinion") and which, prior to the relevant Issue Date, will be 
available 
in 
the 
investor 
relations 
section 
of 
Credem's 
website 
at  
https://www.credem.it/content/credem/en/credem-group/sostenibilita/esg-bond-documents.html. 
The Issuer will allocate the proceeds of its Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds to Eligible Green 
Assets and Eligible Social Assets. The Eligible Green Assets and the Eligible Social Assets have been 
(or will be, as the case may be) selected from time to time by the treasury department of Credem and 
the Group sustainability committee, comprising members of the Board of Directors of Credem as well 
as Group’s top managers, in accordance with the process for asset evaluation and selection set out in 
the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework. Further information on the Credem Group’s 
ESG Strategy and the allocation of the proceeds are available in the green, social and sustainability 
bond reporting (the “Green, Social & Sustainability Bond Reporting”), which is published by the 
Issuer on its website https://www.credem.it/content/credem/en/credem-group/sostenibilita/esg-bond-
documents.html.  
The criteria for qualification as Eligible Green Assets and Eligible Social Assets are defined under the 
Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework and/or described in the relevant Final Terms, and 
such criteria may change from time to time. Recognising that the green, social and sustainable bond 
market, best practices and legislation are still evolving, the Issuer will strive to monitor market 
developments and, when deemed necessary in the Issuer’sole discretion, make appropriate updates to 
the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework in order to reflect best market practice. The 
Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework and any other documentation relevant to Covered 
Bonds issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are subject to review and change 
and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced or withdrawn from time to time and any 
subsequent version(s) may differ from the description given in this Base Prospectus. Potential 
investors in Covered Bonds issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds should 
access the latest version of the relevant document which is published by the Issuer on its website 
https://www.credem.it/content/credem/en/credem-group/sostenibilita/esg-bond-documents.html. Any 
such amendment, update, supplementing, replacing and/or withdrawal after the issue date of any 
Covered Bonds which are Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds may be applied in

--- Page 190 ---
- 180 - 
 
respect of Covered Bonds already in issue. 
Decisions relating to the choice and financing and refinancing of Eligible Green Assets and Eligible 
Social Assets will be made and monitored by the Group sustainability committee. 
Pending the full allocation of the proceeds or in case of insufficient Eligible Green Assets or Eligible 
Social Assets, the Issuer commits to hold the additional funds in the Group’s treasury in the form of 
cash, cash equivalent investment instruments or other liquid marketable instruments. 
The Issuer will publish an annual report which will describe the use of proceeds and adherence to the 
Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework. The report will include details of the Eligible 
Green Assets and Eligible Social Assets, including information on the expected environmental and 
social impacts of the eligible asset portfolio, where data is available, and will be generally available 
on the Issuer’s website for so long as the Issuer has Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds outstanding. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever 
of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be 
made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds (including the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework Second Party Opinion) and in 
particular with any Eligible Green Assets and Eligible Social Assets to fulfil any environmental, 
sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, neither any such opinion or 
certification nor the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework are, nor shall be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Neither such opinion or certification nor the 
Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework are, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current 
as at the date that opinion or certification was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine 
for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained 
therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory 
or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors in any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds should also refer to the risk factor above headed, “Covered Bonds issued, if any, 
as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or "Sustainability Bonds" may not be a suitable investment for all 
investors seeking exposure to green assets or social assets or sustainable assets”. 
For the purposes of this section: 
"Eligible Green Assets" means assets identified as such in the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework, published by the Issuer on its website (https://www.credem.it/content/credem/en/credem-
group/sostenibilita.html) as may be amended, supplemented or replaced before the Issue Date of the 
relevant Series or Tranche, belonging as at the date of this Base Prospectus to the following 
categories: pollution prevention and control, renewable energy, clean transportation, green buildings, 
sustainable management of living natural resources and land use, and green assets backed by state 
mechanisms.  
"Eligible Social Assets" means assets identified as such in the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework, published by the Issuer on its website (https://www.credem.it/content/credem/en/credem-
group/sostenibilita.html) as may be amended, supplemented or replaced before the Issue Date of the 
relevant Series or Tranche, belonging as at the date of this Base Prospectus to the following 
categories: small medium enterprises financing, healthcare system, non-profit organizations, and 
social housing.

--- Page 191 ---
- 181 - 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework and the Green, 
Social and Sustainability Bond Framework Second Party Opinion and the Green, Social & 
Sustainability Bond Reporting are not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of 
this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 192 ---
- 182 - 
 
THE ISSUER 
 
The Credem 2024 Half-Year Financial Statements, the Credem 2023 Annual Financial Statements, 
the Credem 2023 Half-Year Financial Statements, and the Credem 2022 Annual Financial Statements 
(together, the Credem Financial Statements) have been prepared in compliance with the accounting 
principles (IAS/IFRS) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and as 
endorsed by the European Commission as provided for by Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002 of 19 July 
2002 (IFRS).  
The Credem Financial Statements are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The Credem 2023 Annual Financial Statements has been audited by Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. and the 
Credem 2022 Annual Financial Statements have been audited by EY S.p.A. The English translation of 
the audit reports issued by Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. and EY S.p.A. is incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).  
Introduction and History  
Credito Emiliano S.p.A. ("Credem" or the “Issuer ”or the "Bank") was incorporated in Italy as a 
joint stock company (società per azioni) under the provisions of the Italian Civil Code on 12 July 
1973 (with the name Interfinanziaria S.p.A.) and is registered in the company register of Reggio 
Emilia under number 01806740153 (Article 4 of Credem's by- laws provides for the term of the Bank 
until 31 December 2050). Its corporate objects, as set out in Article 3 of the by-laws, are deposit-
taking and the carrying on of all lending as well as providing banking and financial services, including 
financings and other specially regulated activities. Its registered office is at Via Emilia San Pietro, 4, 
42121 Reggio Emilia, Italy, and its investor relations telephone number is +39 0522 583076. Credem 
operates subject to the Consolidated Banking Act.  
The website of Credem is https://www.credem.it/content/credem/it/gruppo-credem.html. The 
information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information contained 
therein is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Credem is one of the leading Italian private banks. Credem and its subsidiaries (together, the 
“Credem Group”) form a medium-sized, multi-regional banking group, headquartered in Reggio 
Emilia in northern Italy. Having operated originally as a retail bank, the Credem Group now provides 
a full range of commercial and asset management services. An expansion plan commenced in the 
1970s has given Credem a national presence based on its local origins: it is now active throughout the 
whole of Italy while maintaining a strong presence in Emilia Romagna. As at 30 June 2024, the 
Credem Group comprised 13 companies operating in a wide range of financial activities ( Credemvita 
S.p.A. ,“Credemvita”, a life insurance company, despite being fully owned by Credem and being 
consolidated line-by-line, is not included in the “Banking Group”  perimeter). 
Credem activities were established in 1910 under the name of Banca Agricola Commerciale di Reggio 
Emilia, as a local private bank in the northern region of Emilia Romagna. The current denomination 
of Credito Emiliano S.p.A. has been used since 1983 following the acquisition by Credem of Banca 
Belinzaghi of Milan, the first step taken by Credem towards expansion on a national level. 
During the 1990s, the Credem Group implemented an active acquisition campaign, taking over almost 
thirty small Italian banks, mainly located in the southern part of Italy. In 1994, the Credem Group 
acquired Euromobiliare S.p.A. (“Euromobiliare”), a banking group active in the investment banking

--- Page 193 ---
- 183 - 
 
and asset management sectors, from HSBC. Euromobiliare was merged with Credem in 1997 and 
since October of the same year, Credem has been listed on the Italian Stock Exchange. 
As at 30 June 2024, the Credem Group had 476 branches operating across 19 regions of Italy.  
Ratings 
 
Rating Agency 
Ratings 
Republic of Italy 
Credem 
Moody’s 
Baseline 
Credit 
Assessment 
Baa3 (LT Issuer rating) 
(1) 
baa3(4) 
Short-Term 
Deposit 
Rating 
P-3(2) 
P-2(5) 
Outlook (deposits) 
Stable(3) 
Stable(3) 
Fitch Ratings 
Long-term rating 
BBB(5) 
BBB(5) 
Short-term rating 
F2(6) 
F3(7) 
Outlook / Review 
Stable(8) 
Stable(8) 
Moody's 
(1) 
Baa3: Obligations rated Baa are subject to moderate credit risk. They are considered medium-grade and as such 
may possess speculative characteristics. The modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating 
category. (Source: Moody's) 
(2) 
P-3: Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated Prime-3 have an acceptable ability to repay short-term obligations. 
(Source: Moody's) 
(3) 
Outlook is an opinion regarding the likely rating direction over the medium term. A stable outlook indicates a low 
likelihood of a rating change over the medium term. (Source: Moody's) 
(4) 
baa3: Issuers assessed baa are judged to have medium-grade intrinsic, or standalone, financial strength, and thus 
subject to moderate credit risk and, as such, may possess certain speculative credit elements absent any possibility 
of extraordinary support from an affiliate or a government. The modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of 
that generic assessment category. (Source: Moody's) 
Fitch ratings 
(5) 
BBB: BBB ratings indicate that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for payment of 
financial commitments is considered adequate, but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to 
impair this capacity. (Source: Fitch) 
(6) 
F2: Good intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments. (Source: Fitch) 
(7) 
F3: The intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments is adequate. (Source: Fitch) 
(8) 
Outlooks indicate the direction a rating is likely to move over a one- to two-year period. They reflect financial or 
other trends that have not yet reached or been sustained the level that would cause a rating action, but which may

--- Page 194 ---
- 184 - 
 
do so if such trends continue. Ratings with Stable Outlooks can be raised or lowered without a prior revision to the 
Outlook. (Source: Fitch) 
Business Overview  
The Credem Group has two operating segments, Banking and Wealth Management, which aggregate 
the main business areas in which the various Credem Group companies operate. In particular:  
Banking: the distribution of financial products and the provision of services to the Credem Group's 
retail, and corporate customers and private customers, and includes: 
• 
Commercial Banking: managed through Credem; 
• 
Private Banking: managed through Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking; 
• 
Extended banking services, consumer credit and other: managed through Credemleasing, 
Credemfactor, Magazzini Generali delle Tagliate, Avvera, Credemtel, Blue Eye and Sata. 
Wealth Management: focusing on the management of mutual investment funds, SICAV investment 
funds, asset management, private equity and life and general insurance, and includes: 
• 
Asset Management: managed through Euromobiliare Asset Management, Euromobiliare 
Advisory SIM, Euromobiliare Fiduciaria and Credem Private Equity; and 
• 
Insurance: managed through Credemvita and Credem Assicurazioni. 
At 30 June 2024, the Group's operating income was €1,029.6 million.  
 
CONTRIBUTION 
BY COMPANIES 
TO 
CONSOLIDATED 
RESULT  
(€ Million) 
COMMERCIAL 
BANKING 
(Credem) 
PRIVATE BANKING 
(Credem Euromobiliare 
Private Banking) 
EXTENDED 
BANKING 
SERVICES, 
CONSUMER CREDIT 
AND OTHER 
(Credemleasing, 
Credemfactor, 
Magazzini Generali 
delle Tagliate, Avvera, 
Credemtel) 
ASSET 
MANAGEMENT AND 
INSURANCE 
(Euromobiliare Asset 
Management 
SGR, 
Euromobiliare 
Advisory SIM, 
Euromobiliare 
Fiduciaria, 
Euromobiliare 
International 
Fund SICAV, 
Credemvita, 
Credemassicurazioni, 
Credem Private Equity 
SGR) 
CONSOLIDATED 
 
06-2024 06-2023 var% 
06-
2024 
06-
2023 
var% 
06-
2024 
06-
2023 
var% 
06-
2024 
06-
2023 
var% 
06-2024 06-2023 
var% 
Operating income 
704,2 689,8 
2,1% 
145,9 
115,6 
26,2% 
121,3 
107,9 
12,4% 
122,6 
101,6 
20,8% 
1.029,6 
947,6 
8,6% 
Operating costs & 
D&A 
-382,3 
-368,5 
3,7% 
-86,3 
-77,0 
12,0% 
-56,0 
-48,9 
14,5% 
-24,1 
-23,2 
4,0% 
-497,6 
-464,6 
7,1% 
Operating result 
321,8 
321,2 
0,2% 
59,5 
38,5 
54,4% 
65,2 
59,0 
10,5% 
98,3 
78,4 
25,4% 
532,0 
483,0 
10,1% 
Profit before taxes 
284,8 
286,1 -0,5% 
53,2 
36,8 
44,7% 
60,6 
53,3 
13,7% 
95,0 
78,4 
21,2% 
480,5 
440,3 
9,1%

--- Page 195 ---
- 185 - 
 
Net profit 
190,9 
192,1 -0,6% 
35,4 
24,7 
43,0% 
40,3 
35,8 
12,4% 
67,0 
56,3 
19,0% 
323,8 
298,7 
8,4% 
Financial Highlights of the Credem Group   
The following table shows selected financial information as at 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023:  
 
€ millions 
30/06/24 
30/06/23 
  
    
  
  
  
Total assets 
    
  
      65,557       64,419   
Total liabilities 
    
  
      61,578       60,842   
Group shareholders' Equity 
  
  
        3,979         3,577   
Profit (loss) attributable to the Parent Company 
    
  
           324            299   
  
    
  
  
  
 
LEI 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 8156004B244AA70DE787. 
Ownership and Capital Structure of the Issuer  
As at 19 November 2024, the authorised share capital of Credem was €341,320,065 and the issued 
share capital was €341,320,065.00, divided into 341,320,065 ordinary shares with a nominal value of 
€1.00 each. As at the same date, the share capital was fully paid-up, no convertible debt existed and 
Credem owned 701.468 treasury shares, corresponding to 0.21 per cent. of the share capital. 
Credem is controlled by Credem Holding. 
As at 19 November 2024, the major shareholders of Credem Holding are Cofimar S.r.l. (24.85 per 
cent.), Società Anonima Finanziaria Emiliana S.r.l. (8.62 per cent.), P. European Investment S.a.r.l. 
(5.00 per cent.), Unity R.E. S.p.A. (4.85 per cent.), Fincorrad S.r.l. (3.86 per cent.) and Eredi Savioli 
S.r.l. (3.74 per cent.). This group, together with various local families most of whom were amongst 
the original founders of the bank at the beginning of the century, entered into a shareholders' 
agreement controlling 77.02 per cent. of the shares in Credem Holding. The remaining 22.98 per cent. 
of the shares in Credem Holding are owned by approximately 3,000 other shareholders. 
As at 19 November 2024, Credem Holding holds 79.82 per cent. of Credem's share capital. The 
remaining 20.18 per cent. of the shares in Credem are listed on the Italian Stock Exchange and are 
widely held. 
Credem Holding's articles of association contain certain provisions ensuring that Credem Holding 
does not abuse its position of control in Credem, including an express clause which stipulates that 
Credem Holding may not hold a management and coordination role over Credem or the Credem 
Group nor may take decisions regarding management, operational or financial aspects that affect the 
Credem Group. Only the exercise of rights directly attributed by law as a shareholder of Credem is 
permitted. 
Organisational structure of the Credem Group  
The following diagram shows the organisation of the Credem Group as at 30 June 2024.

--- Page 196 ---
- 186 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CREDITO 
 
 
 
 
 
EMILIANO 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
CREDEM  
 
  
CREDEMLEASING 
 
  
MAGAZZINI 
 
  
CREDEM 
 
EUROMOBILIARE  
 
  
  
 
  
GENERALI 
DELLE 
 
  
ASSICURAZIONI 
 
PRIVATE BANKING 
 
  
100% 
 
  
TAGLIATE 
 
  
50% 
 
100% 
 
  
  
 
  
100% 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
CREDEMFACTOR 
 
  
CREDEMTEL 
 
  
ANDXOR 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
100% 
 
  
100% 
  
  
40% 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
AVVERA 
 
  
CREDEMVITA 
  
  
SBC FINTECH 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
MILAN 2224 
 
  
 
  
100% 
 
  
100% 
  
  
35.02% 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
CREDEM 
 
  
CREDEM CB 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
PRIVATE EQUITY 
 
 
  
  
  
FLAIRBIT 
 
 
 
  
SGR 
 
 
70% 
  
  
10% 
 
 
 
  
100% 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
EUROMOBILIARE 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
ASSET 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
MANAGEMENT 
 
 
 
 
  
MYNET 
 
 
  
 
S.G.R. 
 
 
 
 
  
8.73% 
 
 
  
 
100% 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
EUROMOBILIARE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
ADVISORY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
SIM 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
EUROMOBILIARE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
FIDUCIARIA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes:

--- Page 197 ---
- 187 - 
 
With effect from 1 April 2024, the merger by incorporation of the following companies into 
Credemtel was completed: 
• 
Blue Eye Solutions Srl, (competent in the "work flow management" field with proprietary 
technology and software), is functional to Credemtel for the development of the GAW 3.0 
electronic document management service. Furthermore, over time the company has also 
developed skills in the sectors of Robotic Process Automation and Artificial Intelligence; 
• 
S.A.T.A. Srl (Advanced technological applications), a company that has enabled the 
consolidation/expansion of the electronic invoicing offer with extra solution – ITA, the 
supply of a Data Capturing (OCR) solution, the integration of the NSO Peppol service for 
electronic ordering, as well as the development of the Supply Chain Management platform.  
The following table provides certain information relating to the significant consolidated subsidiaries 
of the Issuer as at 30 June 2024.  
 
Company Names 
Registered Office 
Type of 
relationship** 
Shareholding Ratio 
Investing Company 
% 
Consolidated line-by-line 
 
 
Credemleasing S.p.A. 
Reggio Emilia 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
99.90% 
 
 
Magazzini Generali delle 
Tagliate 
0.10% 
Credemfactor S.p.A. 
Reggio Emilia 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
99.00% 
 
 
Credemleasing 
1.00% 
Credem Private Equity SGR S.p.A. 
Reggio Emilia 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
87.50% 
 
 
Credem Euromobiliare 
Private Banking 
12.50% 
Euromobiliare Asset Management SGR 
S.p.A. 
Milan 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
100.00% 
Euromobiliare Advisory SIM S.p.A. 
Milan 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
100.00% 
Credemtel S.p.A. 
Reggio Emilia 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
100.00% 
Avvera S.p.A. 
Reggio Emilia 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
100.00% 
Magazzini Generali delle Tagliate S.p.A. 
Reggio Emilia 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
100.00% 
Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking 
S.p.A. 
Milan 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
100.00% 
Euromobiliare Fiduciaria S.p.A. 
Milan 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
100.00% 
Credemvita S.p.A. 
Reggio Emilia 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
100.00% 
Credem CB S.r.l. 
Conegliano 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
70.00% 
Consolidated using the equity method 
 
 
Credemassicurazioni S.p.A. 
Reggio Emilia 
4 
Credito Emiliano 
50.00% 
Andxor S.r.l. 
Cinisello Balsamo 
4 
Credemtel 
40.00% 
SBC Fintech Milan 2224 S.r.l. 
Milan 
4 
Credemtel 
35.02 % 
Flairbit S.r.l. 
Genoa 
4 
Credemtel 
10.00% 
Mynet S.r.l. 
Udine 
4 
Credemtel 
8.73% 
________________________________ 
(**) Type of relationship: 
1 = majority of the voting rights of ordinary Shareholders' Meeting 
4 = other forms of control] 
Strategy of the Credem Group  
The main medium-term guidelines for the Credem Group are the following:

--- Page 198 ---
- 188 - 
 
• 
Commercial development of the banking aggregates above the market average, through the 
ability to attract new customers and volumes, exploiting a complete and diversified business 
model with specialised networks, factories, a wide range of offers, strong synergies within 
the Credem Group. 
• 
Search for a balance between operational efficiency and continuation of projects, to 
maintain competitiveness in the various business areas. 
• 
Additional projects in wealth management and private banking within the dedicated Credem 
Group companies. 
• 
Continuation of the process of integration of ESG (Environmental, Social, Governance), 
and in particular, of the climate and environment issues, in the processes, risk management 
and product definition. 
• 
High credit quality. 
• 
Stability of the risk profile and capital levels.  
Distribution channels and resources  
As at 30 June 2024, the Credem Group’s distribution network consisted of 476 branches, 46 corporate 
centres, and 76 financial outlets, with 820 financial advisors and private bankers, 245 agents of 
Avvera and 463 agents (of which 406 with Credem exclusive mandate for “salary backed loans” 
(agenti cessione quinto)). The following table shows the distribution network of the Credem Group as 
at the dates indicated. 
Distribution Structure 
30 June 2024 
30 June 2023 
Credembanca 
412 
418 
Credem Euromobiliare Private 
Banking 
Credem Euromobiliare Private 
Banking “light” 
55 
 
9 
54 
 
11 
Branches 
476 
483 
Corporate Centres 
46 
38 
Small Business Centres 
0 
58 
Financial Outlets 
76 
80 
Branch Network 
The following table shows the geographical distribution of the Credem Group branch network as at 30 
June 2024.  
 
Region 
Number 
% 
Abruzzo 
5 
1.1% 
Basilicata 
1 
0.2% 
Calabria 
27 
5.7% 
Campania 
35 
7.4%

--- Page 199 ---
- 189 - 
 
Emilia Romagna 
134 
28.2% 
Friuli Venezia Giulia 
4 
0.8% 
Lazio 
23 
4.8% 
Liguria 
12 
2.5% 
Lombardia 
54 
11.3% 
Marche 
9 
1.9% 
Molise 
1 
0.2% 
Piemonte 
16 
3.4% 
Puglia 
41 
8.6% 
Sardegna 
7 
1.5% 
Sicilia 
50 
10.5% 
Toscana 
25 
5.3% 
Trentino Alto Adige 
2 
0.4% 
Umbria 
4 
0.8% 
Veneto 
26 
5.5% 
Total  
476 
100.0% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Employees 
As at 30 June 2024, the Credem Group had 6,655 employees, compared to 6,616 employees as at 30 
June 2023. 
Funding Activities 
The table below sets out the composition of the consolidated funding activities of the Group as at 30 
June 2024 and 30 June 2023:  
 
€ millions 
30/06/24 
30/06/23 
  
        
  
Deposits from banks 
              5,582    
     6,084    
Due to customers 
            38,907    
   38,909    
Debt securities issued 
              4,770    
     3,895    
Financial liabilities held for trading 
                   33    
          27    
Financial liabilities designated at fair value 
              4,171    
     3,852    
  
        
  
Total 
      53,463    
   52,767    
 
Interbank Deposits 
A breakdown of interbank deposits as at 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023 is provided in the table 
below:  
 
€ millions 
30/06/24 
30/06/23 
  
        
  
Deposits from central banks 
                   -      
     1,221    
Deposits from banks 
              5,582    
     4,863    
- current accounts and demand deposits 
                 376    
        379    
- time deposits 
                     2    
            3

--- Page 200 ---
- 190 - 
 
- loans 
              5,201    
     4,478    
- other liabilities 
                     3    
            3    
  
        
  
Total 
        5,582    
     6,084    
Customer Deposits 
The Credem Group offers its retail and corporate customers a wide range of deposit products, 
including savings accounts, current accounts, bonds and time deposits. As at 30 June 2024, banking 
direct deposits (excluding repurchase agreements and lease liabilities) amounted to € 42,831 million. 
Customer deposits are collected through the Credem Group’s branch network and through 
relationship management with corporate clients. 
A breakdown of customer deposits as at 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023 is provided in the table 
below:  
 
30 June 
 
(unaudited) 
 
€ millions 
2024 
2023 
% 
Deposits 
38,062 
36,771 
3.5 
Bonds and subordinated debt 
4,770 
3,895 
22.5 
Banking direct deposits(*) 
42,831 
40,665 
5.3 
Insurance reserves(*) 
8,801 
8,102 
8.6 
Indirect deposits at countervalue 
65,379 
58,665 
11.4 
Total Deposits 
117,011 
107,432 
8.9 
__________________________________ 
(*) “banking direct deposits” include the contribution of the companies belonging to the Group, while 
“insurance reserves” include Credemvita insurance reserves and financial liabilities designated at fair 
value. 
A breakdown of indirect deposits as at 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023 is provided in the table below:  
 
30 June 
 
€ millions 
2024 
2023 
% 
Indirect deposits at countervalue 
65,379 
58,665 
11.4 
- of which assets under management 
32,727 
31,406 
4.2 
- of which assets under custody 
32.653 
27,259 
19.8 
Subordinated Notes 
As at 30 June 2024, subordinated notes, in nominal value, of the Credem Group totalled € 507,5 
million (stable compared to as of 30 June 2023), as set out in the table below:  
 
€ millions 
 Nominal value  
30/06/24 
30/06/23

--- Page 201 ---
- 191 - 
 
Credito Emiliano 20/30 Subordinato 3,5% SUB (ISIN IT0005421539)  
        200.0    
     200.0    
Credito Emiliano 22/32 Subordinato 7,625 SUB (ISIN IT0005497117) 
        200.0    
     200.0    
Credemvita, 3.5% 18feb2031, EUR (Isin XS2253071216) 
        107.5    
     107.5    
  
  
  
  
  
  
Subordinated Notes 
        507.5    
     507.5    
Bonds and Securities Portfolio 
As at 30 June 2024 the value of the Group’s bond and securities portfolio was € 21,944 million, 
compared to € 21,128 million as at 30 June 2023.  
The following table provides a breakdown of the Credem Group’s bond and securities portfolio by 
book value as at the dates indicated:  
€ millions 
30/06/24 
Book value 
AC 
FV 
Total 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Debt securities 
        6,843    
        9,478    
             58    
               0    
   16,378    
Equity securities 
             -      
           208    
               3    
             30    
        241    
Units of UCITS 
             -      
        4,251    
             47    
           249    
     4,547    
Derivatives instruments 
             -      
             -      
           777    
             -      
        777    
  
  
  
  
  
  
Total 
        6,843    
      13,937    
           884    
           280    
   21,944    
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
€ millions 
30/06/23 
Book value 
AC 
FV 
Total 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Debt securities 
        7,048    
        8,772    
             58    
               0    
   15,878    
Equity securities 
             -      
           174    
               2    
             33    
        209    
Units of UCITS 
             -      
        3,934    
             48    
           248    
     4,230    
Derivatives instruments 
             -      
             -      
           811    
             -      
        811    
  
  
  
  
  
  
Total 
        7,048    
      12,880    
           919    
           281    
   21,128    
IFRS 7 requires financial instruments to be measured at fair value. The fair value hierarchy introduces 
3 levels of input based on the lowest level of input significant to the overall fair value, in particular:  
- 
Level 1: the fair value of financial instruments is calculated on the basis of listed prices 
observable on active markets (not adjusted) that may be accessed on the valuation date; 
- 
Level 2: the fair value of financial instruments is calculated on the basis of inputs other than 
the listed prices included in Level 1 directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability, 
also using valuation techniques; 
- 
Level 3: the fair value of financial instruments is calculated on the basis of non-observable 
inputs for the asset or liability, also using valuation techniques that cannot be observed in the 
market. 
IFRS 13 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to 
transfer a liability in an orderly transaction in the main market (or more advantageous) at the 
measurement date under current market conditions (namely an exit price), regardless of the 
fact that said price can be directly observed or is estimated using a different valuation 
technique.

--- Page 202 ---
- 192 - 
 
Lending Activities 
The Credem Group, through the Issuer and its banking subsidiaries, conducts activities in the 
corporate and retail lending sectors in Italy. As at 30 June 2024, € 35,865 million represented net 
loans to customers and repurchase agreements. The following table sets out the consolidated value of 
loans to non-bank customers for the periods indicated with a breakdown by type of borrower 
(according to the Bank of Italy classifications):  
 
Breakdown of loans to customers by type of borrower  
€ millions 
30/06/24 
Book value 
AC 
FV 
TOTAL 
% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Governments and other public entities 
  
           600    
             -      
           600    
1.7% 
Financial companies  
  
        1,200    
             12    
        1,212    
3.4% 
Non financial companies 
  
      17,066    
             19    
      17,085    
47.6% 
Others 
  
      16,967    
               1    
      16,968    
47.3% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Total 
  
      35,833    
             32    
      35,865    
100.0% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Breakdown of loans to customers by type of borrower  
€ millions 
30/06/23 
Book value 
AC 
FV 
TOTAL 
% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Governments and other public entities 
  
           646    
             -      
           646    
1.8% 
Financial companies  
  
           751    
             14    
           765    
2.2% 
Non financial companies 
  
      17,004    
             34    
      17,038    
48.7% 
Others 
  
      16,569    
               1    
      16,570    
47.3% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Total 
  
      34,970    
             49    
      35,019    
100.0% 
A breakdown of customer loans by instrument, as at 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023, is set out below:   
Breakdown of customer loans by instrument 
€ millions 
30/06/24 
Book value 
AC 
FV 
TOTAL 
% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Current accounts 
  
        1,810    
             -      
        1,810    
5.0% 
Repurchase agreements 
  
           655    
             -      
           655    
1.8% 
Mortgages 
  
      20,290    
             -      
      20,290    
56.6% 
Credit cards and personal loans (incl. salary-backed loans) 
  
        3,628    
             -      
        3,628    
10.1% 
Financial leasing 
  
        3,102    
             -      
        3,102    
8.6% 
Factoring 
  
        1,152    
             -      
        1,152    
3.2% 
Other loans 
  
        4,913    
             32    
        4,945    
13.8% 
Impaired assets (including purchased or originated) 
  
           283    
             -      
           283    
0.8% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Total 
  
      35,833    
             32    
      35,865    
100.0% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Breakdown of customer loans by instrument 
€ millions 
30/06/23 
Book value 
AC 
FV 
TOTAL 
% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Current accounts 
  
        1,927    
             -      
        1,927    
5.5% 
Repurchase agreements 
  
           209    
             -      
           209    
0.6% 
Mortgages 
  
      20,209    
             -      
      20,209    
57.7% 
Credit cards and personal loans (incl. salary-backed loans) 
  
        3,108    
             -      
        3,108    
8.9% 
Financial leasing 
  
        2,990    
             -      
        2,990    
8.5%

--- Page 203 ---
- 193 - 
 
Factoring 
  
        1,123    
             -      
        1,123    
3.2% 
Other loans 
  
        5,071    
             49    
        5,120    
14.6% 
Impaired assets (including acquired or originated) 
  
           333    
             -      
           333    
1.0% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Total 
  
      34,970    
             49    
      35,019    
100.0% 
Performing & Non-Performing Loans 
The following table sets out a breakdown of performing and non-performing loans to customers and 
provisions as at June 2024 and June 2023 (excluding Debt Securities valued at amortized cost and 
Repurchase Agreements):  
Bad loans (%) on Net loans 
30/06/2024 
30/06/2023 
Credem  
0.2 
0.2 
Industry* 
1.1 
1.0 
(*) Industry figures are taken from the monthly publication "Banche e moneta: serie nazionali" of the Bank of Italy, figures 
are as at June 2024 and June 2023 respectively  
 
Bad loans represent exposure to customers in a state of insolvency, where legal or other actions have 
been taken with the aim of recovering the amounts outstanding. Unlikely to pay loans are loans due 
from the customers facing temporary difficulties. Past-due loans include the loans on which the 
payment of interest is overdue by more than 90 days.  
The relative trend of impaired loans relating to the Credem Group is illustrated in the following table: 
Loans to banks 
Loans to banks totalled € 5,005 million as at 30 June 2024, compared to € 5,491 million as at 30 June 
2023, broken down by facility type as set out in the table below:  
€ millions 
30/06/24 
30/06/23 
  
        
  
Loans to central banks 
              4,153    
     4,563    
Time deposits 
                   -      
           -      
Compulsory reserves 
                 387    
        363    
Repurchase agreements 
                   -      
           -      
Others 
              3,766    
     4,200    
  
        
  
Loans to banks 
                 853    
        928    
Current accounts and demand deposits 
                 109    
        183    
Time deposits 
                   -      
           -      
Others 
                 743    
        745    
Impaired Assets 
                   -      
           -      
  
        
  
PERFORMING & NON PERFORMING LOANS 
Performing 
Loans 
Total 
Loans 
€Million 
Bad 
Loans 
UTP 
Past 
Due 
NPL 
Gross Value 
 06/2024 
266 
360 
41 
667 
34,987 
35,654 
Expected Losses 
06/2024 
213 
167 
11 
391 
85 
477 
Net Value 
06/2024 
54 
193 
30 
276 
34,902 
35,178 
Coverage 
06/2024 
79.9 
46.5 
27.7 
58.6 
0.2

--- Page 204 ---
- 194 - 
 
Total 
        5,005    
     5,491    
Does not include debt securities valued at amortized cost reclassified in this prospectus in Bonds and 
Securities portfolio section. 
Risk Management and Internal Controls 
The Credem Group has always considered high quality risk management to be a fundamental element 
and a strategic objective, so to ensure the safeguarding of its assets, maximum effectiveness and 
efficiency of the value creation process, integrate decision making and operational management of 
different business areas with a multidimensional risk-earnings assessment and to ensure consistency 
of operational processes with strategies, policies and internal regulations of the Group. 
Risk management for the Credem Group is performed by means of an integrated department which 
processes information regarding customers and the market. The Issuer’s risk management policy is 
based on a stringent control of financial risks. Risk management procedures are developed and 
monitored by a department which is external to the Credem Group’s finance department. The rules 
relating to the Group’s financial risks require regular reporting and supply of other information to the 
Issuer’s senior management, committees and board of directors. Risk management and monitoring 
activity is undertaken by screen-based and electronic systems, which allow a real-time updating of the 
Group’s positions. The risk management system is based on sensitivities to the key’s risk factors, 
market value limits and value at risk (VAR) measures. An asset and liability committee, which meets 
on a quarterly basis, monitors the Group’s overall trend and exposure to financial risks. Derivative 
products are used principally for hedging purposes, or for trading with the customer base. 
In relation to the control of market risks, the Group’s risk management policy focuses principally on 
the Issuer, which constitutes the most of the exposure to a market risks. 
The table below sets out Credem average market risk for trading book, calculated using VAR 
methodology (using confidence intervals of 99%, 10-day intervals and multiplying coefficient equal 
to 3) as at the dates indicated. For banking book is reported the Economic Value Sensitivity (Group 
level) to a shock of ±200 bps in interest rates. 
 
 
 
30 June 2024 
  
31 December 2023 
  
31 December 
2022 
 
 
Avg. 
  
Max. 
  
Avg. 
  
Max. 
  
Avg. 
  Max. 
 
 
  
    
    
    
    
    
Trading 
book  
VaR Credem 
(€ million) 
11.9 
 
32.8 
 
3.5 
 
17.2 
 
3.3 
 
14.6 
Banking 
Book 
Economic 
Value 
Sens 
200bps 
(on 
Own Funds) 
4.4%  
 
5.8% 
 
4.7% 
 
6.5% 
 
4.5% 
 
8.5% 
The Net Interest Income Sensitivity of the banking book (Credem Group level) on June 2024 is 
reported in the following table:

--- Page 205 ---
- 195 - 
 
  
30 June 2024 
€ millions 
- 
100 bps 
+100 bps 
NII Sensitivity 
-65.5 
+112.7  
  
  
  
The main objectives of the Issuer’s credit policy are to increase customer loans whilst maintaining a 
high credit quality and avoiding impaired loans. 
The Issuer targets small-to-medium-sized companies, offering itself as a strategic, and not merely a 
financial, partner. The main basis for granting credit lines is the borrowing companies’ ability to 
generate income and cash flow. 
The Issuer’s credit risk management remains centralised, and is based on a separation of the roles of 
the credit proposer/customer relations officer and that of the credit approval officer. 
In fact, the so-called “Central Credit Analysis Department” approves the majority of the Issuer’s 
loans. Therefore, the branches which propose and manage the loans are responsible for deciding upon 
only a limited portion of the Issuer’s loans. 
The customer relationship officer is responsible for gathering all necessary information regarding the 
customer to enable an analysis of its current and prospective credit-worthiness. The responsibility of 
the deliberating officer or body is to evaluate customer’s credit-worthiness and thus to establish the 
appropriateness of the proposal. Particular care is taken in the analysis of credit requests relating to 
the construction and property sector and aimed at financing companies in general, as well as medium-
long-term financing and participations in syndicated loans. 
The decision making process is as follows: 
(a) 
information gathering so to establish prospective clients’ current and prospective credit-
worthiness; 
(b) 
analysis of the information (balance sheet, budget, statistic data and sector analysis of 
prospective clients); 
(c) 
granting of an internal rating (this is a synthetic indicator of the client’s risk level); and 
(d) 
definition of the amount and of the structure of credit lines and securities. However, 
maximum potential credit limits for each customer are defined by the Bank of Italy 
regulations. 
The number of officers involved in the credit decision process depends on the size of the credit being 
extended, according to an internal procedure that confers increasing powers of approval to officers at 
different levels of management. 
On 2 October 2015, the Bank of Italy authorised the Issuer to use (as of 30 September 2015) the IRB 
(Internal Ratings-Based Approach) Advanced method (PD, LGD, EAD) for the quantification of the 
capital requirements against customer credit risk under the corporate and retail portfolios of the Issuer 
and Credemleasing. The authorisation marked the completion of a roll-out plan the implementation of 
which started in June 2008 with the authorisation to use the IRB Foundation method for the corporate 
customers of the Issuer. On 8 January 2021, ECB revoked the permission of the permanent partial use

--- Page 206 ---
- 196 - 
 
of the Standardised Approach for Equity exposure class and these exposures are now treated with the 
simple risk weight approach under the internals model approach. 
As part of its credit policy the Issuer accepts guarantees (personal and State) and pledged assets as 
collateral. 
Capital Adequacy  
The Bank of Italy has adopted risk-based capital ratios (Capital Ratios) pursuant to the European 
Community (EC) capital adequacy directives. Italy’s current capital requirements are, in many 
respects, similar to the requirements imposed by the international framework for capital measurement 
and capital standards of banking institutions of the Basel Committee on Banking Regulations and 
Supervisory Practices. The Capital Ratios, revised after numerous innovations introduced by new 
Basel III regulations in force from 1 January 2014, compare capital requirements to face banks’ assets 
and certain off-balance sheet items, weighted according to risks (RWA). 
On 6 October 2017, the Credem Group was identified as a “financial conglomerate” by the ECB 
under Directive 2002/87/EC. Subsequently, on 1 March 2018, the ECB authorized Credem not to 
deduct its 100% stake in Credemvita from the calculation of the Credem Group’s Capital Ratios, 
pursuant to Article 49 of the CRR Regulation. Such authorization was applied starting from the FY17 
capital ratios. 
Following the SREP, the ECB provides, on an annual basis, a final decision of the capital requirement 
that Credem must comply on the basis of the consolidated situation of Credem Holding. On 1 
December 2023, Credem and Credem Holding received the final decision of the ECB concerning the 
ECB SREP Decision. In particular, from 1 January 2024, the Credem Group must respect the 
following capital requirements on a consolidated basis: (i) Common Equity Tier 1 ratio at 7.60%; (ii) 
Tier 1 ratio at 9.29%; and (iii) Total Capital ratio at 11.54%. The table below sets out the own funds 
and capital adequacy ratios of the Credem Holding (prudential perimeter) as at 30 June 2024 and 31 
December 2023, in accordance with the relevant regulations.  
 
CREDEM HOLDING SCOPE 
June 2024 
June 2023 
2023 
Total own funds 
€/million 
3,821 
3,415 
3,601 
. of which Common Equity 
Tier 1 
 
3,240 
2,865 
3,021 
Total RWA 
 
20,607 
19,946 
21,217 
Total capital requirement 
  
1,649 
1,596 
1,697 
. credit and counterparty 
  
1,444 
1,411 
1,493 
. market 
  
20 
23 
19 
. operational 
  
185 
162 
185 
CET1 capital ratio (*) 
% 
15.7 
14.4  
14.2 
Total capital ratio 
  
18.1  
17.1  
17.0 
Minimum capital requirement (**) 
  
 
  
  
CET1 capital ratio 
  
7.0 
7.0 
7.0 
Total capital ratio 
  
10.5  
10.5  
10,5 
 
(*) if CET1<TIER1; CET1=T1 
(**) including the “capital conservation buffer”, not including the Pillar 2 Requirement, assigned by the ECB in the annual SREP decision, 
that for 2024] is 1%. 
Alternative Performance Measures

--- Page 207 ---
- 197 - 
 
This Base Prospectus contains, or incorporates by reference, alternative performance indicators and 
certain financial measures and that Credem considers to constitute alternative performance measures 
(together the APMs) for the purposes of the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures 
APMs issued pursuant to Article 16 of Regulation 1095/2010/EU (the APM Guidelines) aimed at 
promoting the usefulness and transparency of APMs, confirming a common approach towards their 
use, with improvements in their comparability, reliability and comprehensibility and consequent 
benefits for users of financial information. CONSOB has implemented the APM Guidelines in Italy 
and incorporated them into its supervisory practices. As defined in the ESMA Guidelines, an APM is 
an indicator of historical financial performance, financial position or cash flows, other than a financial 
indicator defined or specified in the applicable financial reporting framework. The APMs are usually 
derived from the items in the financial statements prepared in accordance with the regulations in force 
on financial reporting. What distinguishes them is that APMs are not defined within the framework of 
financial reporting, but their use is nevertheless widespread, and their purpose is to convey a vision of 
the entity's performance that is closer to the management's vision than what it would result from the 
use of only the defined measures. 
The indicators published in application of prudential measures, including the measures defined in the 
CRR and CRD IV, physical or non-financial indicators, and social and environmental indicators are 
not strictly included in the definition of APMs. 
The APMs are used in order to help the assessment of the quality and sustainability of the net result of 
the Credem Group in the various business segments and territorial areas. Investors should view the 
APMs as complementary to, and not a substitute for, the figures determined according to IFRS. The 
APMs are not required by IFRS and, although derived from Credem's consolidated financial 
statements, are not audited. The APMs are commonly used in banking and finance and are also used 
by the management in decision-making processes of both operational and strategic nature, however it 
is to be noted that, since not all companies calculate APMs in the same manner, these are not always 
comparable to measurements used by other companies. The APMs used by the Issuer are processed 
with continuity and consistency of definition and representation for all periods for which financial 
information is included in this Base Prospectus. 
For a correct interpretation of the APMs, the following should be noted: 
• 
They are constructed exclusively on the basis of the historical data of the Group and are not 
indicative of the future performance of the Group itself; 
• 
They are not required by IFRS and, although derived from the Group's consolidated financial 
statements, are not audited; 
• 
They should not be considered as a substitute for the indicators required by IFRS; 
• 
The reading of these APMs must be carried out together with the financial information of the 
Group contained in the consolidated financial statements and in the related explanatory notes; 
• 
The definitions used by the Group, as they do not derive from the reference accounting standards, 
might not be similar to those adopted by other issuers and therefore comparable with them; 
• 
They are prepared with continuity and uniformity of definition and representation for all the 
periods covered. 
The indicators are calculated on the basis of the management reclassifications that have been 
highlighted in the 2024 Half-year Financial Report

--- Page 208 ---
- 198 - 
 
The APMs listed below are those that have been selected as they are most representative for the 
Group.  
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 
  
30/06/2024 
30/06/2023 
31/12/2023  
  
  
  
  
  
Operating expenses 
A 
-445 
-413 
-846 
Total revenues 
B 
1,030 
948 
1,923 
Cost to income ratio 
(A/B) 
43.2% 
43.6% 
44.0% 
  
  
  
  
  
Financial margin 
A 
570 
504 
1,091 
Total Assets 
B 
65,557 
64,419 
68,018 
Financial margin on Total Assets 
(A/B) 
0.9% 
0.8% 
1.6% 
  
  
  
  
  
Non-interest margin 
A 
459 
443 
832 
Total Assets 
B 
65,557 
64,419 
68,018 
Non-interest margin on Total Assets 
(A/B) 
0.7% 
0.7% 
1.2% 
  
  
  
  
  
Financial margin 
A 
570 
504 
1,091 
Net banking income 
B 
1,030 
948 
1,923 
Financial margin on Net banking income 
(A/B) 
55.4% 
53.2% 
56.6% 
  
  
  
  
  
Net profit 
A 
324 
299 
562 
Total Assets 
B 
65,557 
64,419 
68,018 
Profit on Total Assets (ROA) 
(A/B) 
0.5% 
0.5% 
0.8% 
  
  
  
  
  
Net non-performing loans 
A 
276 
328 
283 
Shareholders’ equity 
B 
3,979 
3,577 
3,871 
Intangible assets 
C 
480 
466 
491 
Texas ratio 
 (A/(B-C)) 
7,9% 
10,5% 
8,4% 
  
  
  
  
  
Shareholders’ equity 
A 
3,979 
3,577 
3,871 
Direct customer deposits 
B 
38,261 
36,779 
37,163 
SE on Direct deposits 
(A/B) 
10.4% 
9.7% 
10.4% 
  
  
  
  
  
Shareholders’ equity 
A 
3,979 
3,577 
3,871 
Loans to customers 
B 
35,178 
34,761 
35,715 
SE on Loans to customers 
(A/B) 
11.3% 
10.3% 
10.8% 
  
  
  
  
  
Shareholders’ equity 
A 
3,979 
3,577 
3,871 
Total Assets 
B 
65,557 
64,419 
68,018 
Shareholders' Equity on Total Assets 
(A/B) 
6.1% 
5.6% 
5.7% 
  
  
  
  
  
Net non-performing loans 
A 
276 
328 
283 
Shareholders’ equity 
B 
3,979 
3,577 
3,871 
Net non-performing loans on Shareholders' Equity 
(A/B) 
6.9% 
9.2% 
7.3% 
  
  
  
  
  
Net non-performing loans 
A 
276 
328 
283 
Receivables from customers 
B 
35,178 
34,761 
35,715 
Net NPL ratio 
(A/B) 
0.8% 
0.9% 
0.8% 
  
  
  
  
  
Specific write-downs 
A 
391 
393 
418 
Gross non-performing loans 
B 
667 
721 
702

--- Page 209 ---
- 199 - 
 
Coverage ratio 
(A/B) 
58.6% 
54.5% 
59.6% 
  
  
  
  
  
Loans to customers 
A 
35,178 
34,761 
35,715 
Direct customer deposits 
B 
38,261 
36,779 
37,163 
Loans to customers on Direct customer deposits 
(A/B) 
91.9% 
94.5% 
96.1% 
  
  
  
  
  
Value adjustments to loans 
A 
-9 
-5 
-52 
Average loans to customers 
B 
34,969 
34,136 
35,099 
Cost of credit  
-(A/B) 
0.03% 
0.01% 
0.15% 
  
  
  
  
  
Net profit 
A 
324 
299 
562 
Shareholders' equity (annual average net of dividends) 
B 
3,751 
3,362 
3,448 
Return on equity (ROE) 
(A/B) 
8.6% 
8.9% 
16.3% 
The table contain a definition of APM listed above: 
Cost to income 
ratio 
According to the bank’s P&L reclassification, this is the ratio between total costs, 
excluding “amortisation/depreciation”, and the bank’s total income. It is a measurement 
of the efficiency of the bank in managing its own business: the lower the ratio, the 
higher the bank’s efficiency. 
This APM and its components relate to the performance of the past reporting period. 
Financial margin on 
Total Asset 
According to the bank’s P&L reclassification, this is the ratio between revenues related 
to net interest income on the bank’s total assets. It is a  proxy of the portion of 
profitability of assets directly impacted by the evolution of its financial margin.  
This APM and its components relate to the performance of the past reporting period. 
Non-interest 
margin on Total 
Asset 
According to the bank’s P&L reclassification, this is the ratio between revenues related 
to fees and commissions, as well as trading activities and insurance products on the 
bank’s total assets. It is a  proxy of the portion of profitability of assets less impacted by 
the evolution of interest rates.  
This APM and its components relate to the performance of the past reporting period. 
Financial Margin 
on  Net banking 
income 
According to the bank’s P&L reclassification, this is the ratio between revenues related 
to net interest income on the bank’s Net income. It is the portion of total income directly 
impacted by the evolution of interest rates.  
This APM and its components relate to the performance of the past reporting period. 
ROA 
Calculated as Profit for the period on total assets. The ratio is a proxy of the profitability 
generated by the bank’s assets.  
This APM and its components relate to the performance of the past reporting period. 
TEXAS RATIO 
Calculated as “Net non performing loans” on shareholders’ equity net of intangible 
assets. A low level of the ratio could be a driver of good asset quality. 
This APM and its components relate to the performance of the past reporting period. 
Shareholders’equity Calculated as shareholders’ equity on direct deposits. The ratio partially identifies the

--- Page 210 ---
- 200 - 
 
on direct deposits 
structure of liabilities. 
This APM and its components relate to the performance of the past reporting period. 
Shareholders’equity 
on loans to 
customers 
Calculated as shareholders’ equity on loans to customers. The ratio identifies the level of 
equity available to cover customers loans. 
This APM and its components relate to the performance of the past reporting period. 
Shareholders’equity 
on Total Asset 
Calculated as shareholders’ equity on Total Asset. The ratio represents an absolute 
measure of leverage, not related to risk weighted assets. 
This APM and its components relate to the performance of the past reporting period. 
% net non 
performing loans/ 
on shareholder’s 
equity 
Calculated as non performing loans on shareholders’ equity. A low level of the ratio 
could be a driver of the quality of the bank’s loans book. 
This APM and its components relate to the performance of the past reporting period. 
% net non 
performing loans 
ratio 
Incidence of net non performing loans on net Loans to Customers. It is a ratio that could 
be considered as a proxy of the quality of the bank’s lending process: the lower the ratio, 
the higher the quality of the bank’s loans book. 
This APM and its components relate to the performance of the past reporting period. 
% level of 
Coverage 
Incidence of specific write-downs (allowances) on credit gross impaired loans (non-
performing loans plus unlikely to pay and past due loans). The higher this ratio, the 
lower the value that the bank expects to recover from the impaired exposure.  
This APM and its components relate to the performance of the past reporting period. 
Loans to customers 
on direct customers 
deposits 
Calculated as loans to custormers on direct customer deposits. The ratio assess the 
oranization’s liquidity. A ratio of 100% or less shows that the bank is funding all its 
loans from deposits rather than relying on wholesale funding. 
This APM and its components relate to the performance of the past reporting period. 
“Cost of credit” or 
“Cost of risk” 
Calculated as “Net impairment (losses)/reversals on loans” on average “Loans to 
Customers”. A low level of the ratio could be a driver of the quality of the bank’s loans 
book and support the bank’s profitability. 
This APM and its components relate to the performance of the past reporting period. 
ROE 
Calculated as Profit for the period on average “shareholders’ equity” in the period. The 
ratio is a proxy of the profit (return) that the bank can generate leveraging on the 
shareholders’ equity. 
This APM and its components relate to the performance of the past reporting period. 
 
Note that, due to the necessary rounding, some calculations in the tables shown could contain 
insignificant differences in the totals.

--- Page 211 ---
- 201 - 
 
The Issuer believes that such measures provide useful information to investors regarding the financial 
position, cash flow and financial performance and in particular allow for comparison with similar 
measures published by other banks as well as average industry standards, and better illustrate specific 
aspects and trends of the Issuer’s business activities. 
Recent Developments  
On 13 November 2024, Credito Emiliano S.p.A. and Worldline signed a long-term partnership 
agreement in digital payment services (merchant acquiring) and point of sale (POS) management. The 
agreement includes the transfer of all of Credem's merchant acquiring activities for an upfront amount 
of €95 million (with a price-adjustment mechanism in the next years based on specific targets), as 
well as the signing of a long-term, up to 15 years, commercial agreement for the distribution of 
Worldline's products and services through Credem's network. The agreement is subject to the 
approvals of the competent authorities including the authorization of the Bank of Italy and closing is 
expected in 2025.  
Management  
Board of Directors  
The Board of Directors of the Issuer is responsible for the administration of its affairs. It oversees the 
overall performance of the Credem Group and approves significant transactions carried out by the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus. the Board of Directors of the Issuer. and the respective 
positions of the individual Directors. are set out below:  
Name 
Position 
Principal activities performed by the Directors 
outside the Issuer  
Date of Election 
Lucio Igino Zanon 
di Valgiurata 
Chairman of 
the Board of 
Directors 
Credito Emiliano Holding S.p.A. (C) 
24 April 2024 
Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking S.p.A. (C) 
Credem Private Equity S.g.r. S.p.A. (VC) 
Euromobiliare Advisory Sim S.p.A. (C) 
Credemassicurazioni S.p.A. (C) 
Other positions held in "Fenera Group"  
Luigi Maramotti 
Vice Chairman Other positions held in "Max Mara Group" 
24 April 2024 
 
 
Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking S.p.A. 
(VC) 
 
Enrico Corradi* 
Vice Chairman Credito Emiliano Holding S.p.A. (VC) 
24 April 2024 
Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking S.p.A. (D) 
Credem Private Equity S.g.r. S.p.A. (C) 
Euromobiliare Fiduciaria S.p.A. (C) 
Other positions held in "Max Mara Group"  
Paola Agnese 
Bongini** 
Director 
Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking S.p.A. (D) 
24 April 2024 
 
 
Credemvita S.p.A. (D) 
 
Giorgia Fontanesi* Director 
Credemvita S.p.A. (D) 
24 April 2024 
Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking S.p.A. 
(D) 
Other positions held in Agenzia Fontanesi s.n.c.

--- Page 212 ---
- 202 - 
 
Name 
Position 
Principal activities performed by the Directors 
outside the Issuer  
Date of Election 
Mariaelena 
Fontanesi 
Director 
Nuova Center S.r.l. (A) 
24 April 2024 
SAIET Telecomunicazioni S.r.l. (A) 
Elisabetta 
Gualandri** 
Director 
Euromobiliare Asset Management SGR S.p.A. (D) 
24 April 2024 
Tages Capital SGR S.p.A. (C) 
Alessandro Merli 
** 
Director 
Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking S.p.A. (D) 
24 April 2024 
Ernestina 
Morstofolini * 
Director 
Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking S.p.A. (D) 
24 April 2024 
Edoardo Prezioso * Director 
Credemleasing S.p.A. (D) 
24 April 2024 
Avvera S.p.A. (D) 
Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking S.p.A. (D) 
Other positions held in SAFE Group 
Anna Chiara Svelto 
** 
Director 
Interpump S.p.A. (D) 
AVVALE S.p.A. (D) 
Terna S.p.A. (D) 
24 April 2024 
Giovanni Viani 
Director 
Other positions held in "Group Pictet"  
24 April 2024 
_______________________________________ 
* 
Members of the Executive Committee 
** Independent board members pursuant to Article 148. paragraph 3. of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998. as 
amended and to Ministerial Decree No. 169/2020 
(A): Auditor 
(C): Chairman of the Board of Directors  
(VC): Vice Chairman 
(D): Director 
Pursuant to the Issuer’s By-laws, the Board of Directors must at all times be composed of between 9 
and 15 members, such number to be determined by the Shareholders’ General Meeting. According to 
the By-laws, a voto di lista system is applied to elect the Board of Directors. In accordance with the 
By-laws, the Board of Directors is invested with complete powers of ordinary and extraordinary 
administration other than those reserved by applicable law or by the By-laws to the meeting of the 
shareholders. Pursuant to the By-laws, the Board of Directors is entitled to appoint and define the 
powers of an Executive Committee. Pursuant to applicable Italian law, directors may be elected for a 
term of up to three financial years and may be re-elected. The current Board of Directors was elected 
for a three-year term commencing on 24 April 2024 and its term will therefore expire on the date of 
the shareholders’ meeting that will approve the annual financial statements for the fiscal year as at and 
for the year ending on 31 December 2026. 
The business address of the Directors is Via Emilia San Pietro, 4. 42121 Reggio Emilia, Italy. 
There are no conflicts of interest between any of the Board of Directors’ duties to the Issuer and their 
private interests or other duties. 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Pursuant to Italian law, in addition to electing the Board of Directors, the Issuer’s shareholders also 
elect a Board of Statutory Auditors (Collegio Sindacale) composed of three independent experts in 
accounting matters, plus two alternate auditors to replace statutory auditors who resign or are 
otherwise unable to serve. According to the by-laws, a voto di lista system is applied to elect the 
statutory auditors. The current Board of Statutory Auditors was appointed for a term expiring on the 
approval of the financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2024.

--- Page 213 ---
- 203 - 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Statutory Auditors is made up of the following 
members.  
Name 
Principal activities  
Date of Election 
Anna Maria Allievi 
Other positions held in "CEM Ambiente S.p.A.". "Interpump S.p.A.".
"COIMA SGR S.p.A."  
28 April 2022 
Giulio Morandi 
Credemleasing S.p.A. (CA) 
28 April 2022 
Credito Emiliano Holding S.p.A. (CA) 
Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking S.p.A. (CA) 
Magazzini Generali delle Tagliate S.p.A. (CA) 
Other positions held in "D.IT. Soc Coop." 
Maria Paglia 
Euromobiliare Asset Management Sgr S.p.A. (A) 
28 April 2022 
Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking S.p.A. (A) 
Euromobiliare Fiduciaria S.p.A. (A) 
Avvera S.p.A. (A) 
Other positions held in "Fidiprof Nord Società Cooperativa".
"Antichi Pellettieri S.p.A.". "Capo Nord Snc". "Montefalcone Srl".
"APT Servizi"  
Stefano Fiorini 
- 
28 April 2022 
Maurizio Bergomi 
Credito Emiliano Holding S.p.A. (A) 
28 April 2022 
Credemleasing S.p.A. (A). 
Avvera S.p.A. (CA) 
Credemfactor S.p.A. (CA) 
Euromobiliare Asset Management Sgr S.p.A. (A) 
Euromobiliare Advisory SIM S.p.A. (CA) 
Euromobiliare Fiduciaria S.p.A. (CA) 
_______________________________________ 
(CA): Chairman Auditor 
(A): Auditor 
The business address of the Statutory Auditors is Via Emilia San Pietro, 4. 42121 Reggio Emilia Italy. 
There are no conflicts of interest between any of the Statutory Auditors’ duties to the Issuer and their 
private interests or other duties.

--- Page 214 ---
- 204 - 
 
 
REGULATORY  
Introduction 
The Issuer is required to hold a license for its operations and the Credem Group is subject to 
regulation and supervision by authorities in the European Union and Italy. Extensive regulations are 
already in place and new regulations and guidelines are introduced relatively frequently. The rules 
applicable to banks and other entities in banking groups are mainly provided by implementation of 
measures consistent with the regulatory framework set out by the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision (the Basel Committee) and aim at preserving their stability and resilience and limiting 
their risk exposure (see below “Basel III” and the “CRD IV Package”). 
The Issuer is also subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB, the 
ECB and the European System of Central Banks and in relation to the activities carried out by 
Credemvita, by IVASS. The banking laws to which the Issuer is subject govern the activities in which 
banks and foundations may engage and are designed to maintain the safety and soundness of banks, 
and limit their exposure to risk. In addition, the Issuer must comply with financial services laws that 
govern its marketing and selling practices. Since 6 October 2017, the Credem Group has been 
recognized by the ECB as a financial conglomerate, within the meaning of the FICOD, comprising 
entities operating in both the banking and insurance sectors, controlled by Credem Holding (i.e. the 
Credem Financial Conglomerate).  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the regulatory framework governing international financial 
markets is currently under review in response to the credit crisis, and new legislation and regulations 
are being introduced in Italy and the European Union that will affect the Credem Financial 
Conglomerate including proposed regulatory initiatives that could significantly alter Credem 
Financial Conglomerate’s capital requirements. 
Basel III and the CRD IV Package 
In the wake of the global financial crisis that began in 2008, the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision (“BCBS”) approved, in the fourth quarter of 2010, revised global regulatory standards 
(“Basel III”) on bank capital adequacy and liquidity, which impose requirements for, inter alia, 
higher and better-quality capital, better risk coverage, measures to promote the build-up of capital that 
can be drawn down in periods of stress and the introduction of a leverage ratio as a backstop to the 
risk-based requirement as well as two global liquidity standards. The Basel III framework adopts a 
gradual approach, with the requirements to be implemented over time, with full enforcement in 2019. 
In January 2013, the Basel Committee revised its original proposal in respect of the liquidity 
requirements in light of concerns raised by the banking industry, providing for a gradual phasing-in of 
the LCR with a full implementation in 2019 as well as expanding the definition of high-quality liquid 
assets to include lower quality corporate securities, equities and residential mortgage-backed 
securities. Regarding the other liquidity requirement, the net stable funding ratio, the Basel 
Committee published the final rules in October 2014 which took effect from 1 January 2018. A 
binding detailed net stable funding ratio was introduced as part of the Banking Reform Package (as 
defined below) published in 2019 and applicable from 2021, as better detailed below. 
The Basel III framework has been implemented in the EU through new banking regulations 
requirements: Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European 
Union of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions and investment firms (the “CRD IV”) and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the

--- Page 215 ---
- 205 - 
 
European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union of 26 June 2013 on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended from time to time (the “CRR 
Regulation” and together with the CRD IV, the “CRD IV Package”), subsequently amended by 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 (“CRD V”) and Regulation (EU) 2019/876 (“CRR II” and together with the 
CRD V, the “Banking Reform Package”). The CRD IV, as amended by the CRD V, is commonly 
referred to as the “CRD” and the CRR, as amended by the CRR II, is commonly known as “CRR”.  
Full implementation began on 1 January 2014, with particular elements being phased in over a period 
of time (the requirements are now largely fully effective as of 1 January 2019 and some minor 
transitional provisions provide for phase-in until 2024). Further details on the implementation of the 
Banking Reform Package are provided in the paragraph "Revision to the CRD IV Package" below. 
National options and discretions that were previously exercised by national competent authorities are 
now exercised by the SSM in a largely harmonised manner throughout the Banking Union. In this 
respect, on 14 March 2016, the ECB adopted Regulation (EU) No. 2016/445 on the exercise of 
options and discretions. Depending on the manner in which these options/discretions had been 
exercised by the national competent authorities and on the manner in which the SSM will exercise 
them in the future, additional/lower capital requirements may result. 
In addition to the capital requirements under CRD, the BRRD introduces requirements for banks to 
maintain at all times a sufficient aggregate amount of own funds and eligible liabilities (the 
“Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities” or “MREL”). The Issuer has to 
meet MREL requirements on a consolidated basis. MREL constrains the structure of liabilities and 
may require the use of subordinated debt, which would have an impact on cost and potentially on the 
Issuer’s financing capacity. The Banking Reform Package also contains the Directive (EU) 2019/879 
(“BRRD2”), which amended the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 
2014 (“BRRD”, implemented in Italy with the BRRD Implementing Decrees, introducing, inter alia, 
significant changes to the standards regarding the calibration of the MREL requirement for banks that 
are systematically relevant and redefining the scope of MREL itself in order to align the eligibility 
criteria with those set out in the CRR so as to converge this ratio with the standard on total loss 
absorbing capacity for systemically important banks (“TLAC”). The BRRD, as amended by the 
BRRD2, is commonly referred to as BRRD. 
In Italy, the Government approved the Legislative Decree No. 72 of 12 May 2015, implementing the 
CRD IV Directive, that entered into force on 27 June 2015. This decree impacted, inter alia, on: 
(i) 
proposed acquirers of credit institutions’ holdings, shareholders and Members of the 
management body requirements (Articles 22, 23 and 91 of the CRD IV Directive); 
(ii) 
supervisory measures and competent authorities’ powers (Articles 64, 65, 102 and 104 of the 
CRD IV Directive); 
(iii) 
reporting of potential or actual breaches of national provisions (so called whistleblowing, 
Article 71 of the CRD IV Directive); and 
(iv) 
administrative penalties and measures (Article 65 of the CRD IV Directive). 
The Bank of Italy published the supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circular of the 
Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as subsequently amended from time to time by the Bank 
of Italy - the “Circular No. 285”) which came into force on 1 January 2014, implementing the CRD 
IV Package and then the Banking Reform Package, and setting out additional local prudential rules. 
Circular No. 285 has been constantly updated after its first issue. CRD and CRR are also

--- Page 216 ---
- 206 - 
 
supplemented in Italy by technical rules published through delegated regulations of the European 
Council and guidelines of the EBA. 
Capital Requirements 
According to Article 92 of the CRR, institutions shall at all times satisfy the following own funds 
requirements: (i) a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) Capital ratio of 4.5%; (ii) a Tier I Capital ratio of 
6%; (iii) a Total Capital ratio of 8%; and (iv) a Leverage Ratio of 3%. These minimum ratios are 
complemented by the following capital buffers to be met with CET1 Capital: 
− 
Capital conservation buffer: the capital conservation buffer applies to the Issuer pursuant to 
Circular No. 285 and, from 1 January 2019, is equal to 2.5% of risk-weighted assets 
(“RWAs”); 
− 
Counter-cyclical capital buffer: set by the relevant competent authority between 0% and 
2.5% (but may be set higher than 2.5% where the competent authority considers that the 
conditions in the Member State justify it), applying temporarily in the periods when the 
relevant national authorities judge the credit growth excessive. The counter-cyclical capital 
buffer for the second quarter of 2024 was set by the Bank of Italy at 0%; 
− 
Capital buffers for global systemically important institutions (“G-SIIs”): set as an 
“additional loss absorbency” varying depending on the sub-categories on which the G-SIIs 
are divided into. The lowest sub-category shall be assigned a G-SII buffer of 1% of the total 
risk exposure amount calculated in accordance with Article 92(3) of the CRR and the buffer 
assigned to each sub-category shall increase in gradients of at least 0.5% of the total risk 
exposure amount calculated in accordance with Article 92(3) of the CRR. G-SIIs are 
determined according to specific indicators (e.g. size, interconnectedness, complexity) and, 
being phased in from 1 January 2016, became fully effective on 1 January 2019. Based on the 
most recently updated list of G-SIIs published by the Financial Stability Board (“FSB”) on 27 
November 2023 (updated annually), neither Credem nor any member of the Credem Financial 
Conglomerate is a G-SII and needs to comply with a G-SII capital buffer requirement; and 
− 
Capital buffers for other systemically important institutions at domestic level (“O-SIIs”): up 
to 3.0% as set by the relevant competent authority and must be reviewed at least annually, to 
compensate for the higher risk that such banks represent to the domestic financial system. 
Neither the Credem Financial Conglomerate nor the Credem Group has been identified so far 
by the Bank of Italy as an O-SII, therefore the Issuer do not need to comply with an O-SII 
capital buffer requirement. 
In addition to the above-mentioned capital buffers, under Article 133 of the CRD IV Directive, each 
Member State may introduce a Systemic Risk Buffer of Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the 
financial sector or one or more subsets of that sector in order to prevent and mitigate long-term non-
cyclical systemic or macroprudential risks not otherwise covered by the CRD IV Package, in the 
sense of a risk of disruption in the financial system with the potential of having serious negative 
consequences on the financial system and the real economy in a specific Member State.  
With update No. 38 of 22 February 2022, the Circular No. 285 was amended in order to provide for, 
inter alia, the introduction of: 
(i) the possibility for the Bank of Italy to activate the systemic risk buffer (“SyRB”) for banks 
and banking groups authorized in Italy. In particular, the requirement to maintain a SyRB of 
Common Equity Tier 1 is intended to prevent and mitigate macro-prudential or systemic risks 
not otherwise covered with the macro-prudential instruments provided for by the CRD IV 
Regulation, as amended by the CRR II, the anti-cyclical capital buffer and the capital buffers

--- Page 217 ---
- 207 - 
 
for G-SII and for O-SII. The buffer ratio for systemic risk can be applied to all exposures or to 
a subset of exposures and to all banks or to one or more subsets of banks with similar risk 
profiles; and 
(ii) some macro-prudential instruments based on the characteristics of customers or loans (so-
called "borrower-based measures"). Specifically, these are measures that are not harmonized 
at European level, which can be used to counter systemic risks deriving from developments in 
the real estate market and from high or rising levels of household and non-financial corporate 
debt. 
The Bank of Italy exercised its authority to introduce a SyRB on 26 April 2024. The Bank of Italy has 
decided to apply to all licensed banks in Italy a SyRB equal to 1.0 per cent. of credit and counterparty 
risk-weighted exposures to residents in Italy. The target rate of 1.0 per cent. is to be achieved 
gradually by building up a reserve equal to 0.5 per cent. of material exposures by 31 December 2024, 
and the remaining 0.5 per cent. by 30 June 2025. 
Failure to comply with such combined buffer requirements (“Combined Buffer Requirements”) 
triggers restrictions on distributions by reference to the so-called "Maximum Distributable Amount" 
and the need for the bank to adopt a capital conservation plan on necessary remedial actions (Articles 
140 to 141c of the CRD IV Directive and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section VI of Circular No. 285). 
In addition to the requirements above, Regulation (EU) 2019/877 (“SRMR II”) introduced new 
elements, including, inter alia, the maximum distributable amount related to MREL (“M-MDA”). In 
particular, pursuant to the SRMR II the SRB may set restrictions preventing entities from distributing 
more than the M-MDA via various actions (including dividend payments on CET1, variable 
remuneration and payments on AT1 instruments). The M-MDA may be applied where the bank meets 
the combined buffer requirements on top of the own fund requirements (i.e. the bank is not under the 
prudential “Maximum Distributable Amount” restriction), but fails to meet the combined buffer 
requirements when considered in addition to the external and internal MREL (including 
subordination) as well as internal and external TLAC requirements. In addition, the M-MDA may also 
be imposed in cases of breaches of MREL. M-MDA regime became applicable on 28 December 2020 
for breaches when considered in addition to the external and internal TLAC requirements. For all 
other requirements (internal and external MREL including subordination), the M-MDA applies as 
from 1 January 2022 (i.e. first binding MREL targets under BRRD). 
Moreover, the Issuer is subject on a consolidated basis to the Pillar 2 requirements for banks imposed 
under the CRD IV Package, which will be impacted, on an on-going basis, by the Supervisory Review 
and Evaluation Process (SREP). Following the SREP the ECB provides, on an annual basis, a final 
decision of the capital requirement that Credem must comply with a consolidated level on the basis of 
the consolidated situation of Credem Holding S.p.A. Total SREP requirements assigned for 2024 
(based on 2023 assessment) amount to 7.60% on CET 1 ratio. In detail, the ECB reaffirmed the Pillar 
2 Requirement (P2R) at 1% for 2024. The P2 Requirement can be satisfied with CET 1 capital for 
56.25%, leading total SREP requirement to be equal to 7.60%. 
 
In its publication of the 2016 EU-wide stress test results on 29 July 2016, the EBA recognised a 
distinction between "Pillar 2 requirements" (stacked below the capital buffers) (“Pillar 2 
Requirements” or “P2R”) and "Pillar 2 capital guidance" (stacked above the capital buffers). With 
respect to Pillar 2 capital guidance, the publication stated that, in response to the stress test results, 
competent authorities may (among other things) consider "setting capital guidance, above the 
combined buffer requirement". Competent authorities have remedial tools if an institution refuses to 
follow such guidance. The ECB published a set of "Frequently asked questions on the 2016 EU-wide 
stress test", confirming this distinction between P2R and Pillar 2 capital guidance and noting that

--- Page 218 ---
- 208 - 
 
"Under the stacking order, banks facing losses will first fail to fulfil their Pillar 2 capital guidance. 
In case of further losses, they would next breach the combined buffers, then Pillar 2 requirements, 
and finally Pillar 1 requirements". 
The distinction between Pillar 2 requirements and "Pillar 2 capital guidance" has been codified by 
the CRD V. Whereas the former are mandatory requirements imposed by supervisors to address risks 
not covered or not sufficiently covered by Pillar 1 and buffer capital requirements, the latter refers to 
the possibility for competent authorities to communicate to an institution their expectations for such 
institution to hold capital in excess of its capital requirements (Pillar 1 and Pillar 2) and Combined 
Buffer Requirements in order to cope with forward-looking and remote situations. Under the CRD 
V, only P2R, and not Pillar 2 capital guidance, will be relevant in determining whether an institution 
is meeting its Combined Buffer Requirements. 
Non-compliance with Pillar 2 capital guidance does not amount to a failure to comply with capital 
requirements, but should be considered as a "pre-alarm warning" to be used in a bank's risk 
management process. If capital levels go below Pillar 2 capital guidance, the relevant supervisory 
authorities, which should be promptly informed in detail by the bank of the reasons of the failure to 
comply with the Pillar 2 capital guidance, will take into consideration appropriate and proportional 
measures on a case by case basis (including, by way of example, the possibility of implementing a 
plan aimed at restoring compliance with the capital requirements including capital strengthening 
requirements). 
With update No. 39 of 13 July 2022, the Circular No. 285 was amended in order to align its 
provisions with Articles 104 to 104c of the CRD IV Directive, as amended by the CRD V. In 
particular, the amendments introduced to Part I, Chapter 1, Title III of the Circular No. 285 provide 
for, inter alia, the introduction of: 
(i) a clear differentiation between components of P2R estimated from an ordinary perspective and 
the Pillar 2 Guidance determined from a stressed perspective which supervisory authorities 
may require banks to hold; and 
(ii) the possibility for supervisory authorities to require additional capital in the presence of 
excessive leverage risk, under both ordinary and stressed conditions (P2R and Leverage Ratio 
and Pillar 2 Guidance Leverage Ratio).  
The compliance on the part of the Credem Group on a consolidated basis with minimum levels of 
capital ratios applicable on the basis of prudential rules in force and/or those imposed by the supervisory 
authorities (for example in the context of the SREP) and the achievement of the forecasts of a regulatory 
nature indicated therein depends, inter alia, on the implementation of strategic actions, which may have 
a positive impact on the capital ratios. Therefore, if such strategic actions are not carried out, either in 
whole or in part, or if the same should result in benefits other than and/or lower than those envisaged by 
the Credem Group on a consolidated basis, which could result in deviations, even significant, with 
respect to its objectives, as well as producing negative impacts on the ability of the Credem Group to 
meet the constraints provided by the prudential rules applicable and/or identified by the supervisory 
authorities and the economic situation, the financial assets of the Credem Financial Conglomerate itself. 
Should the Issuer not be able to implement the approach to capital requirements it considers optimal 
in order to meet the capital requirements imposed by the CRD IV Package, it may be required to 
maintain levels of capital which could potentially impact its credit ratings and funding conditions, and 
which could limit the Issuer’s growth opportunities. 
Liquidity Cover Ratio and Net Stable Funding Ratio 
The Basel III agreements provided for (i) the introduction of a Liquidity Coverage Ratio, which

--- Page 219 ---
- 209 - 
 
expresses the ratio between the amount of available assets readily monetizable, in order to establish 
and maintain a liquidity buffer which will permit the bank to survive for 30 days in the event of 
serious stress (as of 1 January 2018, the indicator is subject to a minimum regulatory requirement of 
100 per cent.) and (ii) a Net Stable Funding Ratio, with a time period of more than one year, 
introduced to ensure that the assets and liabilities have a sustainable expiry structure. The 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2015/61, adopted on 10 October 2014 and published in 
the Official Journal of the European Union in January 2015, specifies the calculation rules of the LCR 
(“LCR Delegated Regulation”), while the relevant provisions concerning NSFR are included in the 
amendments to the CRR comprised in the EU Banking Reform referred to below.  
On 20 May 2022, amendments to the LCR Delegated Regulation were published in the Official 
Journal (Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/786 of 10 February 2022) and have applied as 
of July 2022. Most of these amendments has been introduced to better allow the credit institutions 
issuing covered bonds to comply, on one hand, with the general liquidity coverage requirement for a 
30 calendar day stress period and, on the other hand, with the cover pool liquidity buffer requirement, 
as laid down by Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council. 
The EU Banking Reform – Revision to the CRD IV Package 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented a comprehensive package of reforms to 
further strengthen the resilience of EU banks and investment firms (i.e. the “EU Banking Reform 
Package”). The EU Banking Reform Package amends many existing provisions set out in the CRD 
IV Package, the BRRD and the SRM Regulation (as such terms are defined below). These proposals 
were agreed by the European Parliament, the European Council and the European Commission and 
were published in the Official Journal of the EU on 7 June 2019, entering into force 20 days after, 
even though most of the provisions are applicable as of 28 June 2021, allowing for a smooth 
implementation of the new provisions. 
The EU Banking Reform Package includes: 
(a) revisions to the standardised approach for counterparty credit risk;  
(b) changes to the market risk rules which include the introduction first of a reporting requirement, 
pending the implementation in the EU of the latest changes to the of the FRTB (as defined 
below) published in January 2019 by the BCBS, and then the application of own funds 
requirements as of 1 January 2023; 
(c) a binding leverage ratio (and related improved disclosure requirements) introduced as a backstop 
to risk-weighted capital requirements and set at 3% of an institution’s Tier 1 capital; and  
(d) a binding NSFR (which will require credit institutions and systemic investment firms to finance 
their long-term activities (assets and off-balance sheet items) with stable sources of funding 
(liabilities) in order to increase banks' resilience to funding constraints). This means that the 
amount of available stable funding will be calculated by multiplying an institution's liabilities and 
regulatory capital by appropriate factors that reflect their degree of reliability over a year. The 
NSFR will be expressed as a percentage and set at a minimum level of 100%, indicating that an 
institution holds sufficient stable funding to meet its funding needs during a one-year period 
under both normal and stressed conditions. The NSFR will apply at a level of 100% at individual 
and a consolidated level, unless competent authorities waive the application of the NSFR on an 
individual basis as of two years after the date of entry into force of the EU Banking Reform 
Package; 
(e) changes to the large exposures limits, now calculated as the 25% of Tier 1; and 
(f) improved own funds calculation adjustments for exposures to SMEs and infrastructure projects.

--- Page 220 ---
- 210 - 
 
In particular, on 7 June 2019, the legal acts of the “EU Banking Reform Package” regarding the 
banking sector were published on the EU Official Journal. Such measures include, together with the 
amendments to the BRRD and to SRMR, (i) CRR II amending the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, 
the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit 
risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, 
large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and (ii) CRD V amending the CRD IV as 
regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, 
remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures. The amendments 
proposed better align the current regulatory framework to international developments in order to 
promote consistency and comparability among jurisdictions. 
 
Such measures entered into force on 27 June 2019, while (i) the CRR II is applicable since 28 June 
2021, excluding some provisions with a different date of application (early or subsequent) and (ii) the 
CRD V and BRRD 2 have been implemented into national law by 28 December 2020 excluding some 
provisions which will be applicable subsequently (please see below).  
In Italy, the Government approved a Legislative Decree on 8 November 2021 (“Decree 182/2021”) 
implementing the CRD V Directive and amending the Consolidated Banking Act. Decree 182/2021 
entered into force on 30 November 2021. Decree 182/2021 impacts, inter alia, on: 
 
• 
proposed acquirers of holdings in credit institutions, requirements for shareholders and 
members of the management body (Articles 22, 23 and 91 of the CRD V Directive); 
• 
competent authorities' powers to impose additional own fund requirements (Articles 104 
and 104a of the CRD V Directive); 
• 
authorisation regime applicable to financial holding companies and mixed financial holding 
companies (Article 21a of the CRD V Directive); and 
• 
regime governing the banking groups and introduction of the status of "intermediate EU 
parent" (Article 21c of the CRD V Directive). 
 
Moreover, it is worth mentioning that the Basel Committee concluded the review process of the 
standardised models (for credit risk, counterparty risk, operational risk and market risk) for the 
calculation of minimum capital requirements, including constraints on the use of internal models 
and introducing the so-called "output floor" (setting a minimum level of capital requirements 
calculated on the basis of internal models equal, when fully implemented, to 72.5% of those 
calculated on the basis of the standardised methods). The main purpose is to enhance consistency 
and comparability among banks. The new framework was finalised for market risk in 2016 and 
finally revised in January 2019. The new framework for credit risk and operational risk was 
completed in December 2017. Prior to becoming binding on the European banking system, the 
European Commission, which conducted a public consultation (closed on 3 January 2020) is 
assessing the potential impacts on the European economy. These new standards should be 
incorporated into EU legislation by a legislative proposal to amend the CRR (commonly known as 
CRR III), published in 2021 by the European Commission within a package of reforms designed to 
review the EU banking rules.  
 
In particular, in October 2021, the European Commission published, as part of a legislative package 
that includes also the CRD VI and the CRR III, jointly with the CRD VI the “2021 Reform 
Package”. In particular, the 2021 Reform Package legislative initiative aims at implementing in the 
EU the 2017 Basel Accord and further elements not included in such international framework 
contributing to financial stability and to the steady financing of the economy in the context of the 
post-COVID 19 crisis recovery. This general objective can be broken down in five more specific 
objectives:  
 
(i) to strengthen the risk-based capital framework, without significant increases in capital 
requirements overall;

--- Page 221 ---
- 211 - 
 
(ii) to enhance the focus on ESG risk in the prudential framework; 
(iii) to further harmonise supervisory powers and tools;  
(iv) to reduce institutions' administrative costs related to public disclosure and to improve access 
to institutions prudential data; and 
(v) to insert in the CRR a dedicated treatment for the indirect subscription of instruments 
eligible for internal MREL (i.e. "daisy chain approach"). 
 
On 19 June 2024, the CRD VI and CRR III were published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union and will enter into force on 9 July 2024. Save for certain exemptions, most of the provisions 
set forth in the CRR III will apply from 1 January 2025, while the domestic acts and regulations 
enacted by the Member States to implement the changes brought by the CRD VI shall become 
effective on 11 January 2026. 
Once the CRR III and the CRD VI will be fully implemented and transposed in the Union, these 
regulatory changes will impact the entire banking system and consequently could determine 
changes in the capital calculation and increase capital requirements, which as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus cannot be entirely foreseen.  
 
Regular monitoring exercise includes also a monitoring exercise to assess the impact of the Basel III 
framework on a sample of EU banks that the EBA conducts in coordination and in parallel with the 
Basel Committee (“Basel III Monitoring Exercise”). This exercise assesses the impact of the latest 
regulatory developments at Basel Committee level in the following area: (i) global regulatory 
framework for more resilient banks and banking systems; (ii) the Liquidity Coverage Ratio and 
liquidity risk monitoring tools; (iii) the leverage ratio framework and disclosure requirements; (iv) 
the Net Stable Funding Ratio; and (v) the post-crisis reforms. 
 
The impact of the Basel III is assessed using mostly the following measures: 
 
(i) percentage impact on minimum required Tier 1 capital (MRC); 
(ii) impact, in basis point, on the current actual Tier 1 capital ratio; and 
(iii) Tier 1 shortfall resulting from the full implementation of Basel III, namely the capital 
amount that banks need to fulfil the Basel III MCR. 
 
According to EBA Decision no. EBA/DC/2021/373 concerning information required for the 
monitoring of Basel supervisory standards published on 18 February 2021, as subsequently 
amended (“EBA Decision”), is mandatory, on an annual basis, for a representative set of EU/EEA 
credit institutions identified by the relevant competent authorities.  
 
On 4 May 2020, EBA published its final draft technical standards on specific reporting requirements 
for market risk, in accordance with the mandate set out in the provisions of the CRR II. 
 
In particular, the implementing technical standards (“ITS”) introduced uniform reporting templates, 
the template related instructions, the frequency and the dates of the reporting, the definitions and the 
IT solutions for the specific reporting for market risk. These ITS introduce the first elements of the 
Fundamental Review of the Trading Book (FRTB) into the EU prudential framework by means of a 
reporting requirement. The ITS are expected to apply from September 2021.  
 
As a final note, on 12 October 2023, the EBA published a report on the role of environmental and 
social risks in the prudential framework of credit institutions and investment firms. Taking a risk-
based approach, the report recommends targeted enhancements to accelerate the integration of 
environmental and social risks across the Pillar I. In particular, the EBA proposed to: (i) include 
environmental risk as part of stress testing programmes under both the internal ratings-based (IRB)

--- Page 222 ---
- 212 - 
 
and the internal model approaches (IMA) under the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book; (ii) 
encourage inclusion of environmental and social factors as part of external assessment by the credit 
rating agencies; (iii) encourage the inclusion of environmental and social factors as part of the due 
diligence requirements and evaluation of immovable property collateral; (iv) require institutions to 
identify whether environmental and social factors constitute triggers of operational risk losses; and 
(v) progressively develop environment-related concentration risk metrics as part of supervisory 
reporting. 
 
Revisions to the Basel III framework  
In December 2017, the Basel Committee published of its final set of amendments to its Basel III 
framework (known informally as “Basel IV”). Basel IV is expected to introduce a range of measures, 
including:  
(i) 
changes to the standardised approach for the calculation of credit risk; 
(ii) 
limitations to the use of IRB approaches, mainly banks will be allowed to use the F-IRB 
approach and the SA, only for specialised lending the A-IRB will be still used;   
(iii) 
a new framework for determining an institution’s operational risk charge, which will be 
calculated only by using a new standardised approach;  
(iv) 
an amended set of rules in relation to credit valuation adjustment; and  
(v) 
an aggregate output capital floor that ensures that an institution’s total RWA generated by IRB 
models are no lower than 72.5% of those generated by the standardised approach.  
According to the Basel Committee, Basel IV should be introduced as a global standard from January 
2023, with the output capital floor being phased-in (starting at 50% from 1 January 2023 and reaching 
72.5% as of 1 January 2025). In this occasion, the Basel Committee postponed the suggested 
implementation date for the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book (“FRTB”) to January 2025 to 
allow it to finalise the remaining elements of the framework and align the implementation date with 
the other Basel IV reforms.  
Additional reforms to the banking and financial services sector   
In addition to the substantial changes in capital and liquidity requirements introduced by Basel IV, the 
EU Banking Reform Package, the CRD VI and the CRR III there are several other initiatives, in 
various stages of finalisation, which represent additional regulatory pressure over the medium term 
and have the potential to impact the Credem Group’s business and operations. These initiatives 
include, amongst others, a revised EU securitisation framework. On 12 December 2017, the European 
Parliament adopted the Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 (the “Securitisation Regulation”) which it 
entered into force in January 2019, while a number of underlying regulatory and implementing 
technical standards delivered by the EBA and European Securities and Markets Authority are being 
adopted. The Securitisation Regulation introduced changes to the existing securitisation framework in 
relation to the nature of the risk retention obligation and due diligence requirements, the introduction 
of an adverse selection test for certain assets and a new framework for so-called "simple transparent 
and standardised securitisations" which will receive preferential capital treatment subject to a number 
of conditions.   
On 9 November 2015 the FSB published its final TLAC Principles and Term Sheet, proposing that G-
SIBs maintain significant minimum amounts of liabilities that are subordinated (by law, contract or 
structurally) to liabilities excluded from TLAC, such as guaranteed insured deposits, derivatives, etc. 
and which forms a new standard for G-SIBs. The TLAC Principles and Term Sheet contains a set of 
principles on loss absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of G-SIBs in resolution and a term sheet for

--- Page 223 ---
- 213 - 
 
the implementation of these principles in the form of an internationally agreed standard. The TLAC 
Principles and Term Sheet require a minimum TLAC requirement for each G-SIB at the greater of (a) 
16% of RWA (as of 1 January 2019) and 18% of RWA (as of 1 January 2022), and (b) 6% of the 
Basel III Tier 1 leverage ratio requirement (as of 1 January 2019), and 6.75 % (as of 1 January 2022). 
Liabilities that are eligible for TLAC include capital instruments and instruments that are 
contractually, statutorily or structurally subordinated to certain "excluded liabilities" (including 
insured deposits and liabilities that cannot be effectively written down or converted into equity by 
relevant authorities) in a manner that does not give rise to a material risk of compensation claims or 
successful legal challenges. 
Furthermore, on 18 April 2023, the European Commission has adopted a proposal to adjust and 
further strengthen the existing European banking crisis management and deposit insurance framework 
(the “CMDI Reform”). The core part of this reform is made up of three legislative proposals 
amending the BRRD, the SRMR and the European Directive (EU) 2014/49 on deposit guarantee 
scheme (i.e. the “DGSD”). Separately, the CMDI Reform includes also unrelated legislative proposals 
to amend SSM and related to the daisy chain approach. Inter alia, the main changes the CMDI Reform 
purports to introduce relate to: (i) the scope of the banking resolution regime. By clarifying that the 
criticality of a bank’s functions on financial stability must be assessed at a regional level, the CMDI 
Reform aims at ensuring that the resolution framework is applied properly also to medium-sized and 
small banks; (ii) recourse to the SRF. The CMDI Reform is designed to streamline the procedure to 
use the funds from national deposit guarantee schemes in resolution, including, under certain 
conditions as a “bridge” to meet the 8% condition, in order to facilitate the recourse to this tool for 
medium-siezed and smaller banks too; and (iii) depositor preference. The CMDI Reform proposes to 
introduce a new depositor preference whereby removing the “super preference” of deposit guarantee 
schemes and creating a single-tier ranking for all deposits (including non-covered deposits of 
households and small and medium enterprises and other non-covered deposits). In addition, all 
deposits relative to ordinary unsecured claims would be preferred. 
On 19 June 2024, the Council announced that it had agreed a negotiating mandate on the review of the 
CMDI. With this agreement, the Council is ready to engage in negotiations with the European 
Parliament on the final shape of this piece of legislation. 
Therefore, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is still no certainty as to the envisaged timing 
for the entrance into force and implementation in the Member State of the changes introduced by the 
final legislative texts included in the CMDI Reform package. 
ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013  
establishing the Single Supervisory Mechanism for all banks in the Banking Union (euro area banks 
and banks of any EU member state that joins the Banking Union), which have, beginning in 
November 2014, given the ECB, in conjunction with the national competent authorities of the 
Eurozone states, direct supervisory responsibility over “significant credit institutions” established in 
the Banking Union. The SSM framework regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the ECB) 
setting out the practical arrangements for the SSM was published in April 2014 and entered into force 
in May 2014. Banks directly supervised by the ECB include any Eurozone bank in relation to which 
(i) the total value of its assets exceeds €30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 
billion – the ratio of its total assets over the national gross domestic product exceeds 20%; (ii) is one 
of the three most significant credit institutions established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is 
a recipient of, direct assistance from the European Financial Stability Facility or the European 
Stability Mechanism; (iv) is considered by the ECB to be of significant relevance where it has 
established banking subsidiaries in more than one participating Member State and its cross-border 
assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its total assets/liabilities. Credem has been classified as 
significant supervised entity pursuant to the SSM Regulation and the SSM Framework Regulation 
and, as such, is subject to the direct prudential supervision by the ECB.

--- Page 224 ---
- 214 - 
 
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of these criteria, the SSM may declare an institution significant to 
ensure the consistent application of high-quality supervisory standards. 
The ECB is also exclusively responsible for key tasks concerning the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions, which includes, inter alia, the power to: (i) authorise and withdraw the authorisation of 
all credit institutions in the Eurozone; (ii) assess acquisition and disposal of holdings in other banks; 
(iii) ensure compliance with all prudential requirements laid down in general EU banking rules; (iv) 
set, where necessary, higher prudential requirements for certain banks to protect financial stability 
under the conditions provided by EU law; (v) ensure compliance with robust corporate governance 
practices and internal capital adequacy assessment controls; and (vi) intervene at the early stages 
when risks to the viability of a bank exist, in coordination with the relevant resolution authorities. The 
ECB has also the right to, inter alia, impose pecuniary sanctions. 
National competent authorities will continue to be responsible for supervisory matters not conferred 
on the ECB, such as consumer protection, money laundering, payment services, and branches of third 
country banks, besides supporting ECB in day-to-day supervision. In order to foster consistency and 
efficiency of supervisory practices across the Eurozone, the EBA is developing a single supervisory 
handbook applicable to EU Member States. 
EU Recovery and Resolution Directive  
On 2 July 2014, the BRRD entered into force. The BRRD is intended to enable a range of actions to 
be taken in relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. The 
implementation of the directive or the taking of any action under it could materially affect the value of 
the Covered Bonds. 
The Credem Group is subject to the provisions laid down by the BRRD. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, according to the latest resolution plan adopted by the SRB for 
Credem Group, the key elements of which have been communicated to Credem, the preferred 
resolution strategy of the SRB, in case of exercise of any bail-in power, designates Credem as the 
single point of entry. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there can be no assurance that the preferred resolution strategy 
of the Credem Group, as established by the SRB, will not be subject to material change in the future.  
The BRRD provides competent authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early 
and quickly in an unsound or failing institutions so as to ensure the continuity of the institution’s 
critical functions, while minimising the impact of an institution’s failure on the economy and financial 
system. 
The BRRD applied by Member States as from 1 January 2015, except for the General Bail-In Tool (as 
defined below) which applied as from 1 January 2016. 
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone (except for the asset 
separation tool) or in combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an 
institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private 
sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a 
resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business - which enables resolution authorities to 
direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge 
institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a 
“bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) 
asset separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem assets to one or 
more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to 
maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with

--- Page 225 ---
- 215 - 
 
another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in - which grants resolution authorities the power to write 
down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to convert certain unsecured 
debt claims to shares or other instruments of ownership (i.e. shares, other instruments that confer 
ownership, instruments that are convertible into or give the right to acquire shares or other 
instruments of ownership, and instruments representing interests in shares or other instruments of 
ownership) (the “General Bail-In Tool”), which equity could also be subject to any future application 
of the General Bail-In Tool. 
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future 
to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorization; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the 
near future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its 
debts as they fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited 
circumstances). 
In the context of these resolution tools, the resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the 
maturity of debt instruments and other eligible liabilities issued by an institution under resolution or 
amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments and other eligible liabilities, or the date 
on which the interest becomes payable (including by suspending payment for a temporary period) and 
to restrict the termination rights of holders of such instruments, except for those secured liabilities 
which are subject to Article 44(2) of the BRRD (infra). 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exploited the 
above resolution tools (including the General Bail-In Tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst 
maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through 
additional financial stabilization tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary 
public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance 
with the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD and will require a 
contribution to loss absorption from shareholders and creditors via write-down, conversion or 
otherwise, in an amount to at least 8% of the total liabilities (including own funds).  
As an exemption from these principles, BRRD allows for three kind of extraordinary public support to 
be provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: (1) a State guarantee to back 
liquidity facilities provided by central banks according to the central banks' conditions; (2) a State 
guarantee of newly issued liabilities; or (3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary 
recapitalization. In the case of precautionary recapitalization EU state aid rules require that 
shareholders and junior bond holders contributes to the costs of restructuring.  
In addition to the General Bail-In Tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the 
further power to permanently write-down or convert into shares or other instruments of ownership at 
the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken (“BRRD Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption”). Any shares or other instruments of ownership issued upon any such conversion into 
shares or other instruments of ownership may also be subject to any application of the General Bail-in 
Tool. 
For the purposes of the application of any BRRD Non-Viability Loss Absorption measure, the point 
of non-viability is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution meets the 
conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution will no 
longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written-down or converted or 
extraordinary public support is to be provided and without such support the appropriate authority 
determines that the institution would no longer be viable. 
Article 44, paragraph 2 of the BRRD excludes secured liabilities (including covered bonds and 
liabilities in the form of financial instruments used for hedging purposes which form an integral part 
of the cover pool and which, according to national law, are secured in a way similar to covered bonds)

--- Page 226 ---
- 216 - 
 
from the application of the General Bail-In Tool. 
However, although the bail-in powers are not intended to apply to secured debt (such as the rights of 
Bondholders in respect of the Guarantee), the determination that securities issued by the Credem 
Group will be subject to write-down, conversion or bail-in is likely to be inherently unpredictable and 
may depend on a number of factors which may be outside of the Credem Group’s control. This 
determination will also be made by the relevant resolution authority and there may be many factors, 
including factors not directly related to the bank or the Credem Group, which could result in such a 
determination.  
Moreover, considering that (i) Article 44(2) of the BRRD, as already mentioned, excludes certain 
liabilities from the application of the general bail-in tool and (ii) Article 44(3) of the BRRD provides 
that the resolution authority may partially or fully exclude certain further liabilities from the 
application of the general bail-in tool, the BRRD specifically contemplates that pari passu ranking 
liabilities may be treated unequally. 
On 1 June 2016, the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860 of 4 February 2016 
(“Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860”) specifying further the circumstances where exclusion from 
the application of write-down or conversion powers is necessary under Article 44(3) of BRRD was 
published on the Official Journal of the European Union. In particular this regulation lays down rules 
specifying further the exceptional circumstances provided for in Article 44(3) of BRRD, where the 
resolution authority may exclude, or partially exclude, certain liabilities from the application of the 
write down or conversion powers where the bail-in tool is applied. The Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2016/860 entered into force on 21 June 2016. 
In addition, a SRF (as defined below) financed by bank contributions at national level has been 
established and Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 provides for the modalities for the use of the fund and 
the general criteria to determine contributions to the fund. The SRF can only contribute to resolution 
if at least 8% of the total liabilities, including own funds, of the bank have bailed-in. 
The BRRD requires all Member States to create a national, prefunded resolution fund, reaching a 
level of at least 1% of covered deposits by 31 December 2024. The national resolution fund for Italy 
was created in November 2015 and required both ordinary and extraordinary contributions to be made 
by Italian banks and investment firms. In the Banking Union, the national resolution funds set up 
under the BRRD were superseded by the single resolution fund, established by the European 
Regulation no. 806/2014 as of 1 January 2016 (“Single Resolution Fund” or “SRF”) and those funds 
have been pooled together gradually. Therefore, as of 2016, the Single Resolution Board calculates, in 
line with the Council Implementing Regulation no. 2015/81/EU (the “Council Implementing Act”), 
the annual contributions of all institutions authorised in the Member States participating in the SSM 
and the SRM. The SRF is financed by the European banking sector. 
Under the BRRD, the target level of the National Resolution Funds was set at national level and 
calculated on the basis of deposits covered by deposit guarantee schemes. Under the SRM, the target 
level of the SRF is European and is the sum of the covered deposits of all institutions established in 
the participating Member States. This results in significant variations in the contributions by the banks 
under the SRM as compared to the BRRD. As a consequence of this difference, when contributions 
would have been paid based on a joint target level starting as of 2016, contributions of banks 
established in Member States with a high level of covered deposits could abruptly have decreased, 
while contributions of those banks established in Member States with fewer covered deposits could 
abruptly have increased. In order to prevent such abrupt changes, the Council Implementing Act (i.e. 
Council Implementing Regulation no. 2015/81) provides for an adjustment mechanism to remedy 
these distortions during the transitional period by way of a gradual phasing in of the SRM 
methodology.

--- Page 227 ---
- 217 - 
 
The Implementation of the BRRD in Italy 
The BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the 
Italian Government, namely the BRRD Implementing Decrees, as subsequently amended.  
The BRRD Implementing Decrees entered into force on the date of publication on the Italian Official 
Gazette (i.e. 16 November 2015), save that: (i) the bail-in tool applies from 1 January 2016; and (ii) a 
“depositor preference” granted for deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee 
scheme and excess deposits of individuals and SME’s applies from 1 January 2019. 
With respect to the BRRD Implementing Decrees, Legislative Decree No. 180 of 16 November 2015 
(“Decree No. 180”) sets forth provisions concerning resolution plans, the commencement and closing 
of resolution procedures, the adoption of resolution measures, crisis management related to cross-
border groups, powers and functions of the national resolution authority and also regulating the 
national resolution fund. On the other hand, Legislative Decree No. 181 of 16 November 2015 
(“Decree No. 181”) introduces certain amendments to the Consolidated Banking Act and the 
Financial Law Consolidated Act concerning recovery plans, intra-group financial support, early 
intervention measures and changes to creditor hierarchy. Decree No. 181 also amends certain 
provisions regulating proceedings for extraordinary administration (“amministrazione straordinaria”) 
and compulsory administrative liquidation (“liquidazione coatta amministrativa”) in order to render 
the relevant proceedings compliant with the BRRD.  
It is important to note that, pursuant to article 49 of Decree No. 180, resolution authorities may not 
exercise the write down or conversion powers in relation to secured liabilities, including covered 
bonds or their related hedging instruments, save to the extent that these powers may be exercised in 
relation to any part of a secured liability (including covered bonds and their related hedging 
instruments) that exceeds the value of the assets, pledge, lien or collateral against which it is secured. 
Furthermore, Article 108 of the BRRD requires that Member States modify their national insolvency 
regimes such that deposits of natural persons and micro, small and medium sized enterprises in excess 
of the coverage level contemplated by deposit guarantee schemes created pursuant to Directive 
2014/49/EU (the “Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive”) have a ranking in normal insolvency 
proceedings which is higher than the ranking which applies to claims of ordinary, unsecured, non-
preferred creditors. In addition, the BRRD does not prevent Member States, including Italy, from 
amending national insolvency regimes to provide other types of creditors, with rankings in insolvency 
higher than ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors. Decree No. 181 has amended the creditor 
hierarchy in the case of admission of Italian banks and investment firms to resolution as well as 
compulsory liquidation procedures, by providing that, as from 1 January 2019, all deposits other than 
those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of individuals and SME’s will 
benefit from a preference in respect of senior unsecured liabilities, though with a ranking which is 
lower than that provided for individual/SME deposits exceeding the coverage limit of the deposit 
guarantee scheme. On 25 October 2017 the European Parliament, the Council and the European 
Commission agreed on elements of the review of the BRRD. As part of this process Article 108 of the 
BRRD was amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399. Member States were required to adopt and 
publish relevant laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with the 
amendment to the creditor hierarchy by 29 December 2018. The recognition of the new class of so-
called "Senior Non-Preferred Debt" has been implemented in the EU through the Directive (EU) 
2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending BRRD as 
regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy. In Italy, the Directive has 
been implemented with the law No. 205/2017, modifying article 12bis of the Consolidated Banking 
Act. 
This means that, as from 1 January 2019, significant amounts of liabilities in the form of large 
corporate and interbank deposits which under the national insolvency regime currently in force in

--- Page 228 ---
- 218 - 
 
Italy rank pari passu with any unsecured liability owed to the Bondholders, will rank higher than such 
unsecured liabilities in normal insolvency proceedings and therefore that, on application of the 
general bail-in tool, such creditors will be written-down/converted into shares or other instruments of 
ownership only after Covered Bonds (for the portion, if any, that could be subject to bail-in in 
accordance with the above). Therefore, the safeguard set out in Article 75 of the BRRD would not 
provide any protection since, Article 75 of the BRRD only seeks to achieve compensation for losses 
incurred by creditors which are in excess of those which would have been incurred in a winding-up 
under normal insolvency proceedings. 
In addition to the above, to the extent that claims in relation to the relevant Covered Bonds are not 
met out of the assets of the Cover Pool or the proceeds arising from it (such that the unsecured claim 
due under the Covered Bonds rank pari passu with senior debt), the Covered Bonds may be subject to 
write-down or conversion into equity on any application of the general bail-in tool. 
Decree No. 181 has also introduced strict limitations on the exercise of the statutory rights of set-off 
normally available under Italian insolvency laws, in effect prohibiting set-off by any creditor in the 
absence of an express agreement to the contrary. 
The legislative decree intended to implement the revised Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive in 
Italy – namely, Legislative Decree no. 30 of 15 February 2016 – has been published in the Italian 
Official Gazette No. 56 of 8 March 2016. The Decree came into force on 9 March 2016, except for 
Article 1 comma 3, let. A), which came into force on 1 July 2018. Amongst other things, the Decree 
amends Consolidated Banking Act and: (i) establishes that the maximum amount of reimbursement to 
depositors is EUR 100,000 (this level of coverage has been harmonised by the Directive and is 
applicable to all deposit guarantee schemes); (ii) lays down the minimum financial budget that 
national guarantee schemes should have; (iii) details intervention methods of the national deposit 
guarantee scheme; and (iv) harmonises the methods of reimbursement to depositors in case of 
insolvency of a credit institution. 
The BRRD also requires institutions to meet at all times a sufficient aggregate amount of own funds 
and “eligible liabilities”, expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the 
institution (i.e. “Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities” – “MREL”) of the 
total leverage ratio exposure, with a view to facilitating effective resolution of institutions and 
minimising to the greatest extent possible the need for interventions by taxpayers. “Eligible 
liabilities” (or bail-inable liabilities) are those liabilities and other instruments that are not excluded 
by the BRRD from the scope of the bail-in tool. The resolution authority of an institution, after 
consultation with the relevant competent authority, will set the MREL for the institution based on the 
criteria to be identified by the EBA in its regulatory technical standards. In particular, the resolution 
authority may determine that a part of the MREL is to be met through “contractual bail-in 
instruments”. The BRRD does not foresee an absolute minimum, but attributes the competence to set 
a minimum amount for each bank to national resolution authorities (for banks not being part of the 
Banking Union) or to the Single Resolution Board (the “SRB”) for banks being part of the Banking 
Union. In 2018 the SRB move forward with setting binding MREL targets at consolidated level for all 
major banking groups in the remit of the SRB. Data collection for the determination of the MREL 
commenced in February 2016. MREL decisions for subsidiaries will be made in a second stage, based 
on, among other things, their individual characteristics and the consolidated level which has been set 
for the relevant group. 
On 23 May 2016, the Commission published a delegated regulation on MREL according to Article 
45, par. 18 of the BRRD, which entered into force on 23 September 2016 (Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1450).  
Furthermore, given that the TLAC and the MREL aim to achieve similar objectives, the EU 
Commission intends to avoid the overlapping of requirements, in particular for G-SIBs, by elaborating

--- Page 229 ---
- 219 - 
 
an integrated standard harmonising TLAC and MREL in the EU which is likely to be applied, to some 
extent, also to O-SIIs. 
The Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process 
The Issuer is subject to the Pillar 2 requirements for banks imposed under the CRD IV Package on a 
consolidated level, which will be impacted, on an on-going basis, by the SREP. The SREP is aimed at 
ensuring that institutions have in place adequate arrangements, strategies, processes and mechanisms 
to maintain the amounts, types and distribution of internal capital commensurate to their risk profile, 
as well as robust governance and internal control arrangements. The key purpose of the SREP is to 
ensure that institutions have adequate arrangements as well as capital and liquidity to ensure sound 
management and coverage of the risks to which they are or might be exposed, including those 
revealed by stress testing, as well as risks the institution may pose to the financial system.  
On 18 March 2022, the European Banking Authority (“EBA”) published its final report on revised 
guidelines on common procedures and methodologies for SREP and supervisory stress testing. The 
EBA has developed the revised SREP guidelines in order to implement the changes brought by CRD 
V and CRR II. In particular, the revision of the Guidelines, while keeping the original framework with 
the main SREP elements intact, reflects, among other things, the introduction of the assessment of the 
risk of excessive leverage and the revision of the methodology for the determination of the Pillar 2 
Guidance. Additional relevant changes are related to the enhancement of the principle of 
proportionality and the encouragement of cooperation among prudential supervisory authorities and 
anti-money laundering/combating the financing of terrorism supervisors, as well as resolution 
authorities. On 16 December 2022, the Bank of Italy reported to EBA that with update No. 40 of the 
Circular No. 285 the Italian regulatory framework has been aligned with the revised SREP Guidelines. 
The guidelines applies from 1 January 2023. 
For further information, please see also the paragraph “Measures to counter the impact of the 
"COVID-19" virus” below.  
Revisions to the BRRD framework  
The EU Banking Reform Package includes Directive (EU) 2019/879, which provides for a number of 
significant revisions to the BRRD (i.e. the BRRD2). BRRD2 provides that Member States are 
required to ensure implementation into local law by 28 December 2020 with certain requirements 
relating to the implementation of the TLAC standard applying from January 2022 while the 
transitional period for full compliance with MREL requirements is foreseen until 1 January 2024, with 
interim targets for a linear build-up of MREL set at 1 January 2022. The EU Banking Reform 
Package includes, amongst other things:  
(a) full implementation of the FSB’s TLAC standard in the EU and revisions to the existing MREL 
regime. Additional changes to the MREL framework include changes to the calculation 
methodology for MREL, criteria for the eligible liabilities which can be considered as MREL, 
the introduction of internal MREL and additional reporting and disclosure requirements on 
institutions;  
(b) introduction of a new category of "top-tier" banks, being banks which are resolution entities that 
are not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed EUR 100 billion. In 
particular a first group of banks – collectively “Pillar 1 Banks” – includes: (i) resolution entities 
of G-SIIs and material subsidiaries of non-EU G-SIIs; (ii) banks with total assets exceeding EUR 
100bn at the level of the resolution group (“Top Tier Banks”); and (iii) other banks chosen by 
the respective national resolution authority (“NRA”) which are not Top Tier Banks but are 
assessed as likely to pose a systemic risk in the event of failure (Other Pillar 1 Banks); while a 
second group of banks - non Pillar 1 banks. Credem is non Pillar 1 bank for this purpose;

--- Page 230 ---
- 220 - 
 
(c) the introduction of a new moratorium power for resolution authorities and requirements on the 
contractual stays in resolution; and  
(d) amendments to the article 55 regime in respect of the contractual recognition of bail-in.  
Changes to the BRRD under BRRD2 will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are 
managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. Single Resolution Mechanism 
After having reached an agreement with the Council, in April 2014, the European Parliament adopted 
Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 establishing a Single Resolution Mechanism (the “SRM”). The SRM 
became fully operational on 1 January 2016. However, certain provisions, including those concerning 
the preparation of resolution plans and provisions relating to the cooperation of the SRB with national 
resolution authorities entered into force on 1 January 2015.  
The SRM Regulation was subsequently amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council (the so-called, "SRM II") in June 2019 as regards the loss-absorbing 
and recapitalization of credit institutions and investment firms. The SRM, which complements the 
ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism, applies to all banks supervised by the ECB Single Supervisory 
Mechanism.  
Decision-making is centralised with the SRB and involves the European Commission and the Council 
(which will have the possibility to object to the SRB’s decisions) as well as the ECB and national 
resolution authorities.  
The Fund, which backs resolution decisions mainly taken by the SRB, will be divided into national 
compartments during an eight year transition period. Banks, starting from 2015, were required to start 
paying contributions (additional to the contributions to the national deposit guarantee schemes) to 
national resolution funds that gradually started mutualising into the Fund starting from 2016. 
The establishment of the SRM is designed to ensure that supervision and resolution is exercised at the 
same level for countries that share the supervision of banks within the ECB Single Supervisory 
Mechanism.  
The participating banks are required to finance the Fund. The total target size of the Fund is equal to 
at least 1% of the covered deposits of all banks in the Member States participating in the Banking 
Union. The SRF is to be built up over eight years, from 2016 to 2023, to the target level of at least 1 
per cent. of the amount of covered deposits of all credit institutions within the Banking Union by 31 
December 2023. Since the target level for the SRF was reached (i.e. 1% of covered deposits held in 
the Member States), the SRB confirmed that banks’ contributions are not expected in 2024. 
The Issuer is therefore required to pay contributions to the SRM only if the resources of the SRF are 
used up in order to deal with resolutions of other institutions.  
As mentioned above, as part of the CMDI Reform, amendments to the SRM, have been recently 
proposed by the European co-legislator. The main purpose of this legislative reform is to build on the 
objectives of the crisis management framework and to ensure a more consistent approach to resolution 
so that any bank in crisis can exit the market in an orderly manner, while preserving the financial 
stability, taxpayer money and ensuring deposit confidence. 
The FICOD 
FICOD is designed to introduce a comprehensive and harmonized regulatory framework for the 
prudential supervision on a group-wide basis of credit institutions, insurance undertakings and 
investment firms which are part of such a conglomerate, in particular as regards the solvency position 
and risk concentration at the level of the conglomerate, the intra-group transactions, the internal risk

--- Page 231 ---
- 221 - 
 
management processes at conglomerate level, and the fit and proper character of the management (the 
so-called “supplementary supervision”). 
The FICOD was required to be implemented into national laws by 11 August 2004. On 25 July 2005, 
Legislative Decree no. 142 of 30 May 2005, implementing the FICOD, was published in the Gazzetta 
Ufficiale. 
According to FICOD, inter alia, every regulated entity the parent undertaking of which is a mixed 
financial holding company, which has its head office in the European Union, shall be subject to the 
supplementary supervision at the level of the financial conglomerate. In any case, the exercise of 
supplementary supervision at the level of the financial conglomerate shall in no way imply that the 
competent authorities are required to play a supervisory role in relation to mixed financial companies 
or unregulated entities in a financial conglomerate, on a stand-alone basis. 
Pursuant to Article 21a of CRD, as introduced by the CRD V, parent financial holding companies in a 
Member State and parent EU parent financial holding companies and EU parent mixed financial 
holding companies shall seek approval from the Bank of Italy unless an exception applies. 
Nonetheless, exempted financial holdings companies or mixed financial holding companies are not 
excluded from the perimeter of consolidation of the financial conglomerate. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Credem Group is enrolled in the European Supervisory 
Authorities register of EU financial conglomerated, being controlled by Credem Holding, as parent 
financial holding. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Credem Holding relies on the exemption 
from approval provided for by Article 21a of the CRD but is included in the perimeter of 
consolidation of the Credem Group. 
The regulatory treatment of NPLs 
On 20 March 2017, the ECB published the "Guidance to banks on non-performing loans", and on 15 
March 2018 the "Addendum to ECB Guidance to banks on non-performing loans", both addressed to 
credit institutions, as defined pursuant to Article 4, paragraph 1, of the CRR. These guidance papers 
are addressed, in general, to all significant institutions subject to direct supervision in the context of 
the SSM, including their international subsidiaries. The ECB banking supervision identified in the 
aforementioned guidance a set of practices which are deemed useful to indicate the expectations of 
ECB in relation to banking supervision. The documents set out measures, processes and best practices 
which should be integrated in the treatment of NPLs by banks, for which this issue should represent a 
priority. The ECB expects full adherence by banks to these guidance papers regarding the treatment of 
NPLs, which is expected to take into account the length of time a loan has been non-performing and 
the extent and valuation of collateral (if any). In particular, the addendum issued by the ECB on 
March 2018 provides that, with respect to all the loans that have been qualified as Impaired Loans 
from 2018, full coverage is expected for the unsecured portion of the NPL within two years and 
within seven years for secured portion at the latest. 
On 17 April 2019, the European Parliament and the Council have adopted Regulation (EU) 2019/630 
which is applicable since 26 April 2019 and introduces common minimum loss coverage levels for 
newly originated loans that become non-performing. Pursuant to this regulation, where the minimum 
coverage requirement is not met, the difference between the current coverage level and the 
requirement should be deducted from a bank's CET1 capital. Thus, the minimum coverage levels act 
as a “statutory prudential backstop”. The required coverage increases gradually depending on how 
long an exposure has been classified as non-performing, being lower during the first years. In order to 
facilitate a smooth transition towards the new prudential backstop, the new rules should be applied in 
relation to exposures originated prior to 26 April 2019 and exposures which were originated prior to 
26 April 2019 and are modified by the institution in a way that increases the institution’s exposure to 
the obligor.

--- Page 232 ---
- 222 - 
 
Following the adoption of the new regulation on the Pillar 1 treatment of NPEs, on 22 August 2019 
the ECB revised its supervisory expectations for prudential provisioning of new NPEs specified in 
the addendum in order to limit the scope to NPEs arising from loans originated before 26 April 
2019, which are not subject to Pillar 1 NPE treatment, and to align the treatment with the Pillar 1 
framework with reference to: (i) the relevant prudential provisioning time frames; (ii) the 
progressive path to full implementation; (iii) the split secured exposures; and (iv) the treatment of 
NPEs guaranteed/insured by an official export credit agency. 
 
In addition, the European Commission published in December 2020 a new Action plan on tackling 
NPLs. More in detail, in order to prevent a renewed build-up of NPLs on banks' balance sheets, the 
Commission proposed a series of actions with four main goals: (i) further develop secondary 
markets for distressed assets (in particular call for finalization of the Directive on credit servicers, 
credit purchasers and the recovery of collateral; establishing a data hub at European level; reviewing 
EBA templates to be used during the disposal of NPLs); (ii) reform the EU's corporate insolvency 
and debt recovery legislation; (iii) support the establishment and cooperation of national asset 
management companies at EU level; and (iv) introduce precautionary public support measures, 
where needed, to ensure the continued funding of the real economy under the BRRD. As a result, 
the European Commission published on 18 October 2022 the Communication on the guidelines for 
a best-execution process for sales of non-performing loans on secondary markets. The main 
objectives of such communication are to (i) encourage good sell and buy-side processes for NPL 
transactions in EU secondary markets and, in particular, (ii) to help sellers and buyers that may have 
less experience with secondary market transactions throughout the sale process. 
 
In order to achieve (i) a better management of NPLs by increasing the efficiency of debt recovery 
procedures through the availability of a distinct common accelerated extrajudicial collateral 
enforcement procedure (AECE); and (ii) the development of secondary markets for NPLs in the 
EU's markets by harmonizing the regulatory regime for credit servicers and credit purchasers, the 
European Commission finalized and published on 8 December 2021, in the Official Journal of the 
European Union, the Directive no. 2021/2167 on credit services and credit purchasers (the “NPLs 
Directive”). The NPLs Directive entered into force on the twentieth day following that of its 
publication in the Official Journal (i.e. 28 December 2021) and had to be implemented by the 
Member States by 29 December 2023. In accordance with Article 16(1) of the NPLs Directive, 
EBA published on 16 December 2022 its final draft implementing technical standards specifying 
the requirements for the information that credit institutions selling NPLs shall provide to 
prospective buyers. The objective of the draft implementing technical standards is to provide a 
common data standard for the NPLs sales or transfers across the European Union enabling cross-
country comparison and thus reducing information asymmetries between the sellers and buyers of 
NPLs, thus improving the functioning of NPL secondary markets. The draft ITS have been 
submitted to the European Commission for adoption. 
 
The part of the Directive related to the AECE mechanism remains not adopted. 
 
Measures to counter the impact of the "COVID-19" virus 
 
European and national authorities have undertaken several measures to support the banking and 
financial market to counter the economic effects of COVID-19. Most of these measures have been 
repealed or elapsed in the course of 2022 as a direct consequence of the revocation of the sanitary 
emergence in Italy. 
 
On 10 March 2020, through an addendum to the 2019 credit agreement between ABI and the 
Business Associations, the possibility of requesting suspension or extension was extended to loans 
granted until 31 January 2020. The moratorium refers to loans to micro, small and medium-sized 
companies affected by the COVID-19 outbreak. The capital portion of loan repayment instalments 
may be requested to be suspended for up to one year, later extended until 30 June 2021. The

--- Page 233 ---
- 223 - 
 
suspension is applicable to medium/long-term loans (mortgages), including those concluded 
through the issue of agricultural loans, and to property or business assets leasing transactions. In the 
latter case, the suspension concerns the implicit capital instalments of the leasing. On 21 April 2020, 
through an agreement entered into with the consumer associations, the moratorium was extended to 
credit to households, including the suspension of the principal portion of mortgage-backed loans 
and unsecured loans repayable in instalments. These measures have not been further extended by 
Law no. 234 of 30 December 2021 and will then expire once the small and medium-size companies, 
which had benefited from the moratorium, have repaid the relevant loans. 
 
The ECB, at its monetary policy meeting held on 12 March 2020, decided to adopt a comprehensive 
set of monetary policy measures, consisting of three key elements: first, safeguarding liquidity 
conditions in the banking system through a series of favourably-priced longer-term refinancing 
operations (LTROs); second, protecting the continued flow of credit to the real economy through a 
fundamental recalibration of the third series of targeted longer-term refinancing operations 
(“TLTRO III”); and, third, preventing tightening of financing conditions for the economy in a pro-
cyclical way via an increase in the asset purchase programme (“APP”). 
 
As to the APP, on 6 June 2024, the Governing Council of the ECB announced to the public that the 
APP portfolio is declining at the measured and predictable pace, as the Eurosystem no longer 
reinvests the principal payments from maturing securities. 
 
Since the adoption of the above-mentioned decision, the parameters and the conditions of the 
TLTRO III have been recalibrated on several occasions, as considered necessary and appropriate in 
light of the risks to the price stability, the monetary policy transmission mechanism and the 
economic outlook in the euro area. Thus, TLTRO III, as adjusted when warranted, have played a 
key role in maintaining price stability, in particular throughout the acute phase of the pandemic 
period, by preserving favourable financing conditions in a disinflationary environment and 
supporting the accommodative stance of monetary policy necessary to address the severe downside 
risks to the economy and price stability. Therefore, over the pandemic period, the ECB granted 
exceptionally favourable financing conditions to participating credit institutions through TLTRO 
III, with a view to sustaining lending to the real economy at a time of intense stress. 
 
Recently, a significant upward revision in the outlook for medium-term inflation (since the end of 
2021) as well as in 2022 an unexpected high increase of energy costs, supply deficiencies and trade 
disruption, mainly due to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, caused a material rise in inflation which 
call for a reassessment of the appropriate monetary policy stance. 
 
As part of this re-evaluation package, on 27 October 2022, the Governing Council adopted decision 
no. 2022/2128 (“ECB Decision No. 2128”), whereby it decided that from 23 November 2022 until 
the maturity date or early repayment date of each outstanding TLTRO III operations (“TLTRO III 
Operations”), the interest rate on TLTRO III Operations will be indexed to the average applicable 
key ECB interest rates over this period and no longer over the entire life of the program tranche. 
The measures laid down by ECB Decision No. 2128 have modified the TLTRO III program in a 
more restrictive way by removing almost all remuneration incentives and resulted in a sharp 
worsening of the funding rate and thus ECB introduced a new early repayment window on the date 
of the change effectiveness to allow banks to exit the program before relative conditions change. 
 
At the end of September 2024, there were no outstanding TLTRO transactions with the ECB. In 
March 2024, the last TLTRO III.7 tranche was repaid at its natural maturity date, for a nominal 
amount of € 740 million. 
 
The Governing Council also decided to add a temporary envelope of additional net asset purchases 
of €120 billion until the end of the year, ensuring a strong contribution from the private sector 
purchase programmes. On 18 March 2020, this was followed by the announcement of the Euro 750

--- Page 234 ---
- 224 - 
 
Billion Pandemic Emergency Purchase Program (PEPP), increased with a further Euro 600 billion 
on 4 June 2020 and by €500 billion on December 2020, for a new total of €1,850 billion. Net asset 
purchases under the PEPP ended as of April 2022. On 7 March 2024, the Governing Council 
reiterated its intention to reinvest the principal payments from maturing securities purchased under 
the programme the first half of 2024. Over the second half of the year, it intends to reduce the PEPP 
portfolio by 7.5 billion per month on average. The Governing Council intends to discontinue 
reinvestments under the PEPP at the end of 2024. 
 
On 12 March 2020, the ECB Banking Supervision leg, the SSM, published the first supervisory 
response to provide banks with a temporary capital and operational relief. According to the ECB 
statements: i) banks are allowed to operate temporarily below the level of capital defined by the 
Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G), the capital conservation buffer (CCB) and the liquidity coverage ratio 
(LCR) to release resources for financing households and undertakings; ii) the ECB encourages also 
national macroprudential authorities to relax the countercyclical capital buffer (CCyB); iii) banks 
are allowed to partially use capital instruments that do not qualify as Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
capital to meet the Pillar 2 Requirements (P2R), for example Additional Tier 1 (AT1) or Tier 2 
instruments; iv) banks will discuss with the ECB further individual measures, such as modified 
timetables, processes and deadlines (e.g. for on-site inspections or remedial actions); v) flexibility 
will be granted for the application of the ECB Guidance to banks on non-performing loans to adjust 
to bank’s specific situation due to Covid-19. 
On 10 February 2022, the ECB published a communication (“ECB Communication”) whereby it 
announced that it sees no need to allow banks to operate below the level of capital defined by their 
Pillar 2 Guidance beyond December 2022, nor to extend beyond March 2022 the supervisory 
measure that allow them to exclude central bank exposure from their leverage ratios. Therefore, 
banks are: (i) expected to operate above Pillar 2 Guidance from 1 January 2023; (ii) re-include 
central bank exposures in leverage ratio from 1 April 2022; and (iii) have ample headroom above 
capital and leverage ratio requirements. 
 
On 25 March 2020, the EBA and ESMA published detailed statements to address IFRS 9 
accounting issues due to the Covid-19 outbreak and linked to the exceptional measures taken by 
banks and Governments to address the situation, which affected compliance with the EBA 
Guidelines on the definition of default (DoD) and forbearance/past-due classifications of loans. 
The EBA statement of 25 March 2020 explained the functioning of the prudential framework in 
relation to the exposures in default, the identification of forborne exposures and impaired exposures 
in accordance with IFRS 9. In particular, EBA has clarified some additional aspects of the operation 
of the prudential framework concerning: 
 
i. 
the classification of exposures in default; 
 
ii. 
the identification of forborne exposures; 
 
iii. 
the accounting treatment of the aforesaid exposures- 
 
Specifically, the EBA repeated the concept of flexibility in the application of the prudential 
framework, clarifying that an exposure should not be automatically reclassified as (i) exposure in 
default, (ii) forborne exposure, or (iii) impaired exposure under International Financial Reporting 
Standard – IFRS 9, in case of adoption of credit tolerance measures (such as debt moratorium) by 
national governments. 
 
The ESMA statement of 25 March 2020 provided guidance on the application of IFRS 9 (Financial 
Instruments) addressed to issuers and auditors with regard to the calculation of expected losses and 
related disclosure requirements, in particular, as regards, the suspension (or deferral) of payments 
established for credit agreements (e.g. moratorium on debt) that impact the calculation of Expected

--- Page 235 ---
- 225 - 
 
Credit Loss (ECL) under the principles set forth in IFRS 9. On 20 May 2020, ESMA published a 
Public Statement addressing the implications of the COVID-19 pandemic on the half-yearly 
financial reports of listed issuers (the “Public Statement”). The Public Statement provided 
recommendations on areas of focus identified by ESMA and highlighted: i) the importance of 
providing relevant and reliable information, which may require issuers to make use of the time 
allowed by national law to publish half-yearly financial reports while not unduly delaying the 
timing of publication; ii) the importance of updating the information included in the latest annual 
accounts to adequately inform stakeholders of the impacts of COVID-19, in particular in relation to 
significant uncertainties and risks, going concern, impairment of non-financial assets and 
presentation in the statement of profit or loss; and iii) the need for entity-specific information on the 
past and expected future impact of COVID-19 on the strategic orientation and targets, operations, 
performance of issuers as well as any mitigating actions put in place to address the effects of the 
pandemic. The Public Statement was conceived to be applicable also to financial statements in other 
interim periods when IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting is applied. It called on the management, 
administrative and supervisory bodies, including audit committees, of issuers and, where applicable, 
their auditors, to take due consideration of the recommendations included within the statement. 
 
On 27 March 2020, the Basel Committee's oversight body, the Group of Central Bank Governors 
and Heads of Supervision (“GHOS”), have deferred Basel III implementation to increase 
operational capacity of banks and supervisors to respond to the immediate financial stability 
priorities resulting from the impact of the Covid19 on the global banking system. 
 
The measures endorsed by the GHOS comprise the following changes to the implementation 
timeline of the outstanding Basel III standards: 
 
• 
the implementation date of the Basel III standards finalised in December 2017 has been 
deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. The accompanying transitional arrangements for the 
output floor have also been extended by one year to 1 January 2028. 
 
• 
the implementation date of the revised market risk framework finalised in January 2019 has 
been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
 
• 
the implementation date of the revised Pillar 3 disclosure requirements finalised in December 
2018 has been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
 
On 27 March 2020, the European Central Bank published a recommendation addressed to 
significant banks to refrain from paying dividends and from share buy-backs aimed at remunerating 
shareholders for the duration of the economic shock related to COVID-19. ECB has decided to 
extend the recommendation on dividends until 1 January 2021 with the New recommendation 
BCE/2020/35 that repeals Recommendation ECB 2020/19 of 27 March 2020. The recommendation 
for banks to suspend and then to curtail their distributions was an exceptional measure intended for 
exceptional circumstances. The macroeconomic projections in mid 2021 confirmed the economic 
rebound and point to a further reduction in the level of economic uncertainty, which improved the 
reliability of banks’ capital projections when compared to the beginning of the pandemic. These 
elements allow ECB to repeal the recommendation with effect from the end of September 2021. 
 
On 15 December 2020, the ECB recommended that banks exercise extreme prudence on dividends 
and share buy-backs. To this end, the ECB asked all banks to consider not distributing any cash 
dividends or conducting share buy-backs, or to limit such distributions, until 30 September 2021. 
Given the uncertainty over the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the ECB expected 
dividends and share buy-backs to remain below 15% of the cumulated profit for 2019-2020 and not 
higher than 20 basis points of the CET1 ratio. Banks that intended to pay dividends or buy back 
shares need to be profitable and have robust capital trajectories. They were expected to contact their 
Joint Supervisory Team to discuss whether the level of intended distribution is prudent. The

--- Page 236 ---
- 226 - 
 
recommendation remained valid until the end of September 2021. On 23 July 2021, the ECB 
decided not to extend dividend recommendation beyond September 2021 with the new 
Recommendation ECB/2021/31. In particular, the ECB considered that the reduced economic 
uncertainty allows the thorough supervisory assessment of the prudence bank’s plans to distribute 
dividends and conduct share buybacks on an individual basis with a careful forward-looking 
assessment of capital plans in the context of the normal supervisory cycle. 
On 1 April 2020, the ECB provided banks with further clarifications on the use of forecasts for the 
Expected Credit Loss (ECL) calculations under IFRS 9, after having invited banks to opt, if not 
done before, for applying the IFRS 9 five-year transitional arrangements included in the CRR to 
mitigate the First Time Application (FTA) capital impact of the new accounting principle. 
 
On 28 April 2020, the European Commission published a legislative proposal for amending the CRR 
to ease banking activity during the Covid-19 emergency and ensure the flow of loans to households 
and businesses. 
 
The measures, both temporary and exceptional, have been promoted to mitigate the immediate 
impact of Covid-19 related developments, which imply: 
 
• 
the reintroduction of prudential filters to manage the current situations of strong turbulence in 
the markets and to neutralize the effects of losses and gains on the value of debt securities 
held in the portfolio available for sale as if the securities were valued at cost instead of at fair 
value; 
 
• 
a temporary approach to market risk in order to allow supervisors to implement appropriate 
measures to avoid automatic increases in the quantitative addendum (in particular over the 
period January 2020 and December 2021); 
 
• 
more favourable treatment of government guarantees granted during the crisis, aligning the 
calendar provisioning applied to positions with government guarantees with the calendar 
provisioning applied to credits guaranteed by Export Credit Agencies; 
 
• 
early application of certain measures provided for in CRR2: i) extension of the SME 
Supporting Factor; ii) introduction of the Infrastructure Supporting Factor; iii) improved 
weighting calibration for loans guaranteed by salary/pension share disposals; iv) improved 
prudential treatment of software; 
 
• 
an adaptation of the timeline of the application of international accounting standards to banks’ 
capital (IFRS 9 phase-in arrangements); 
 
• 
the postponement of the date of application of the additional reserve requirement for the 
leverage ratio of systemic banks (“G-SIB buffer”); 
 
• 
a change in the way of excluding certain exposures from the calculation of the leverage ratio; 
  
• 
the introduction of a transitional regime for EU Sovereign exposures in the currency of 
another EU Member State. 
 
Following the positive vote of the plenary session of the European Parliament (19 June 2020), the 
"CRR Quick-Fix" has been published in the European Official Journal on 26 June and has entered 
into force the following day (27 June 2020).

--- Page 237 ---
- 227 - 
 
In October and November 2020, the Council of Ministers approved the "Relieves" Law Decree (Law 
Decree 28 October 2020, No. 137) and the "Relieves 2" Law Decree (Law Decree 9 November 2020, 
No. 149) which provides further urgent measure regarding health protection, support to workers and 
production sectors, justice and safety linked to COVID-19 epidemic. Main measures introduced by 
the Law are a non-refundable aid for enterprises whose sectors have been restricted and the 
prorogation of "rental" Tax credit to October-December period and extension to enterprises with 
turnover exceeding Euro 5 million and which have had a 50% reduction of turnover. In March 2021, 
the Council of Ministers approved the "Support" Law Decree (Law Decree 22 March 2021, No. 41) 
which provides further urgent measure regarding health protection, support to workers and production 
sectors linked to COVID-19 pandemic. Such decree introduces a new non-refundable aid for 
enterprises and professionals which have had a 30% reduction of turnover. 
Finally, among the measures adopted in response to the COVID-19 emergency, we recall the Capital 
Markets Recovery Package proposal (so-called "quick fix") published by the European Commission 
in July, which proposes targeted amendments to the MiFID, the Prospectus Regulation as well as the 
Securitization Regulation. The package aimed to provide European economies with some relief to 
face the crisis emerging from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
As to MiFID II, the proposal includes targeted amendments on: i) investor protection, ii) commodity 
derivatives and iii) research regime for SMEs. 
As to Prospectus Regulation, the amendments introduced in particular a new type of short-form 
prospectus to facilitate the raising of capital in public markets. 
As to Securitization Regulation, in addition to a review of the regulatory constraints to the 
securitisation of NPEs, the amendments in particular also extend the preferential treatment to all 
synthetic on-balance sheet securitisation that fulfil the simple, standardised and transparent (STS) 
criteria in order to help banks free up capital and promote the financing of the real economy, in 
particular to SMEs. 
Amendments to the Prospectus Regulations – approved by the European Parliament on 26 February – 
entered into force on 18 March 2021. 
The MiFID amendments, voted on 26 February as well, as being part of a Directive, had to be 
transposed into national laws by 28 November 2021 and are to be applied from 28 February 2022. 
Finally, following the vote by the European Parliament at the end of March 2021, on 6 April 2021, 
Regulation (EU) 2021/557, which introduces amendments to the Securitisation Regulation, and 
Regulation (EU) 2021/558, amending Regulation (EU) 2013/575 as regards adjustments to the 
securitisation framework to support the economic recovery in response to the COVID-19 crisis, 
were published on the Official Gazette of the European Union. Both Regulations entered into force 
on 9 April 2021. 
 
Covered Bond Legislative Package  
On 18 December 2019, Directive (EU) 2019/2162 and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 amending the 
CRR have been published in the Official Journal of the European Union. They apply from 8 July 
2022. 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 lays down rules on the issuance requirements, structural features, public 
supervision and publication obligations for covered bonds. Compared with the UCITS, Directive (EU) 
2019/2162 provides for a number of more complex structural requirements, such as the dual recourse 
and the bankruptcy remoteness tools. The Directive at hand also establishes specific requirements for 
a liquidity reserve and introduces the possibility of joint funding and intragroup pooled covered bond 
structures in order to facilitate the issuance of covered bonds by small credit institutions. Moreover, 
the Directive provides the authorities of the Member States with the task of monitoring compliance of 
covered bond issuances with the abovementioned requirements and regulates the conditions for

--- Page 238 ---
- 228 - 
 
obtaining the authorisation to carry out the activity of issuance of covered bonds in the context of a 
covered bond programme. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 introduces some amendments to Article 129 of the CRR, providing for 
additional requirements for covered bonds to be eligible for the relevant preferential treatment. In 
particular, the Regulation introduces a rule allowing exposures to credit institutions rated in credit 
quality step 2 up to a maximum of 10% of the total exposure of the nominal amount of outstanding 
covered bonds of the issuing institution, without the need to consult the EBA. The Regulation also 
requires a minimum level of overcollateralization in order to mitigate the most relevant risks arising in 
the case of the issuer’s insolvency or resolution.  
Moreover, several additional changes to the LCR Delegated Regulation are proposed in order to align 
the LCR Delegated Regulation with Article 129 of the CRR, as amended by Regulation (EU) 
2019/2160. The consultation remained opened until 24 November 2020. 
On 8 May 2021, the European Delegated Law 2019-2020 has entered into force. It delegates the 
Italian Government to implement – inter alia – Directive (EU) 2019/2162. According to the European 
Delegated Law 2019-2020: 
• 
the Bank of Italy is the competent authority for the supervision on covered bonds; 
 
• 
the implementing provisions shall provide for the exercise of the option granted by Article 
17 of Directive (EU) 2019/2162, allowing for the issue of covered bonds with extendable 
maturity structures; and 
 
• 
the implementing provisions shall grant the Bank of Italy with the power to exercise the 
option to set for covered bonds a minimum level of overcollateralization lower than the 
thresholds set out under Article 1 of Regulation (EU) 2019/2162 (i.e. 2% or 5% depending 
on the assets included in the cover pool). 
The CB Directive was transposed into the Italian legal framework by means of Legislative Decree 5 
November 2021, n. 190 which modified Law 30 April 1999, n.130 and entered into force on 
December 1st 2021.  
On 30 November 2021 the Legislative Decree no. 190 of 5 November 2021 (the Decree 190/2021) 
implementing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 was published in the Official Gazette No. 285 of 30 
November 2021 and entered into force on 1 December 2021. In this respect, it is worth mentioning 
that the national legislator chose to exercise the following options provided by Directive (EU) 
2019/2162: (i) the possibility not to apply the liquidity requirement of the cover pool limited to the 
period covered by the liquidity requirement provided for in Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61; (ii) 
the possibility of allowing the issuance of covered bonds with extendable maturity structures; (iii) the 
possibility of allowing the calculation of the liquidity requirement of the cover pool in case of 
programs with extendable maturity by taking as a reference the final maturity date for the payment of 
principal. 
Moreover, the Decree 190/2021 designates the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public 
supervision of the covered bonds, which is entrusted with the issuing of the implementing measures of 
the Title I-bis of Law 130, as amended, by 8 July 2022, in accordance with article 3, paragaraph 2, of 
Decree 190/2021 (the Implementing Provisions). In these regulations, the Bank of Italy shall also 
have to assess whether to exercise the option provided for in the Directive that allows Member States 
to lower the threshold of the minimum level of overcollateralization.

--- Page 239 ---
- 229 - 
 
On 30 March 2023 the Bank of Italy published the Implementing Provisions which entered into force 
on 31 March 2023 amending the Part III, Chapter 3 of the Circular No. 285.  
The Implementing Provisions amended the Circular No. 285 with regard, inter alia, to (i) the 
definition of the criteria for the assessment of the eligible assets and the conditions for including 
derivative contracts with hedging purposes among covered bonds eligible assets; (ii) the procedures 
for calculating hedging requirements; (iii) the conditions for establishing new issuance programmes; 
(iv) giving the possibility also for banks with credit rating 3 to act as counterparties of a derivative 
contract with hedging purposes; and (v) the conditions for issuing Covered Bonds under already 
existing programmes as of the date of the entry into force of the Implementing Provisions.

--- Page 240 ---
- 230 - 
 
 
THE GUARANTOR 
 
Introduction  
The Guarantor was incorporated in the Republic of Italy on 22 September 2009 pursuant to Law 130 
as a limited liability company (società a responsabilità limitata) under the name "Caracalla Finance 
S.r.l." and changed its name to "CREDEM CB S.r.l." by a resolution of the meeting of the 
Quotaholder held on 27 October 2010. The Guarantor is registered at the Companies' Registry of 
Treviso - Belluno under registration number 04326290261. The registered office of the Guarantor is at 
Via V. Alfieri, 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy, and its telephone number is +39 0438 360900. The 
Guarantor has no employees and no subsidiaries. The Guarantor's by-laws provides for the 
termination of the same in 31 December 2100 subject to one or more extensions to be resolved, in 
accordance with the by-laws, by the Quoteholders' resolution. The Guarantor is subject to the activity 
of management and coordination ("attività di direzione e coordinamento") of CREDEM S.p.A.. The 
Guarantor operates subject to the Italian law. 
The legal entity identifier (LEI) of the Guarantor is 8156001D7B5DEA4FC994. 
Principal Activities 
The sole purpose of the Guarantor under the objects clause in its by-laws is the ownership of the 
Cover Pool, the acquisition of subordinated loans for the purchase of the Cover Pool and the granting 
to Bondholders of the Guarantee. From the date of its incorporation the Guarantor has not carried out 
any business activities nor has incurred in any financial indebtedness other than those incurred in the 
context of the Programme. 
Quota Capital  
 
The outstanding capital of the Guarantor is €10,000 divided into quotas as described below. The 
quotaholders of the Guarantor are as follows: 
Quotaholders 
Quota 
Credito Emiliano 
70% 
SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. 
30% 
 
The Guarantor has not declared or paid any dividends or, save as otherwise described in this Base 
Prospectus, incurred any indebtedness. 
 
Management 
Board of Directors

--- Page 241 ---
- 231 - 
 
The following table sets out certain information regarding the current members of the Board of 
Directors of the Guarantor. 
 
Name 
Position 
Principal activities performed 
outside the Guarantor 
Paolo Gabriele 
Chairman of the 
Boards of Directors 
and 
Managing 
Director 
Executive Director - Head of Investment 
Banking Financial Institution of Banca 
Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
Alessandro Stangalini 
Director 
Competence 
Leader 
Group 
Liquidity 
Management 
Daniele Morlini 
Director 
Head of Business Unit Finanza of Credito 
Emiliano S.p.A. 
The business address of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor is Via V. Alfieri, 1 31015 Conegliano 
(TV) Italy. 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Under the Quotaholders' Agreement the Quotaholders have undertaken that, if, at any time, a Board of 
Statutory Auditors shall be appointed, it shall be composed of three members which shall appointed as 
follows: one by SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. and two by Credito Emiliano. No 
Board of Statutory Auditors has been appointed as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Conflict of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any of the Board of Directors' duties to the 
Guarantor and their private interests or other duties. 
The Quotaholders' Agreement 
Pursuant to the term of the Quotaholders' Agreement entered into on or about the date of this Base 
Prospectus, between Credito Emiliano S.p.A., SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l., the 
Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders, the Quotaholders have agreed, inter alia, not to 
amend the by-laws (statuto) of the Guarantor and not to pledge, charge or dispose of the quotas of the 
Guarantor without the prior written consent of the Representative of the Bondholders. The 
Quotaholders' Agreement is governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Financial Statements 
The financial year of the Guarantor ends on 31 December of each calendar year. The first Financial 
Statement ended 31 December 2009. 
The Guarantor has not, from the date of its incorporation, carried out any business activities nor has 
incurred in any financial indebtedness (other than those incurred in the context of the Programme). 
The statutory Financial Statements of the Guarantor as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 
and 31 December 2023, prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standards, are

--- Page 242 ---
- 232 - 
 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. See section headed "Documents incorporated by 
reference". Copies of the Financial Statements of the Guarantor for each financial year may be 
inspected and obtained free of charge during usual business hours at the specified offices of the 
Principal Paying Agent and of the Representative of the Bondholders. 
EY S.p.A. has been appointed to perform the audit of the Financial Statements of the Guarantor for 
the year ended on 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023. 
The English translation of the audit reports provided by EY S.p.A. is incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus. See section headed "Documents incorporated by reference". 
The following is an overview of the audited Financial Statements of CREDEM CB S.r.l. as at, and for 
the years ended on 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021: 
Balance Sheet (in €)  
 
31 December 
2023 
31 December 
2022 
Assets 
 
 
Receivables 
16,996 
17,803 
Tax assets: 
1,045 
1,244 
Current 
1,045 
1,244 
Other assets 
19,070 
25,787 
 
 
  
Total Assets 
37,111 
44,834 
 
 
  
Liabilities and Quotaholders’ Equity 
 
 
 
Tax Liabilities: 
1,210 
700 
current 
1,210 
700 
Other liabilities 
23,769 
32,001 
Share capital 
10,000 
10,000 
Share premium reserve 
2,000 
2,000 
Reserves 
132 
133 
Profit (loss) for the period 
0 
0 
 
 
  
Total Liabilities and Quotaholders’ Equity 
37,111 
44,834 
Income Statement (in €) 
Costs and revenues 
31 December 2023
31 December 2022
Interest income and similar 
revenues 
58
41
Interest Margin 
58
41
Fee and Commission expenses 
(316)
(492)
Net Fee and Commission 
Incomes 
(316)
(492)
Operating Income 
(258)
(451)
Administrative costs: 
(83,591)
(97,839)
personnel costs 
(23,493)
(22,597)

--- Page 243 ---
- 233 - 
 
other administrative costs 
(60,098)
(75,242)
Other operating income/charges 
85,060
98,990
Operating Profit (Loss) 
1,469
1,151
Profit (Loss) before tax from 
continuing operations 
(1,211) 
(700)
Taxes on income from continuing 
operations 
1,211 
700
Profit (Loss) after tax from 
continuing operations 
0 
0
Profit 
(Loss) for 
the period 
                 0
0

--- Page 244 ---
- 234 - 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME DOCUMENTS 
GUARANTEE 
On or about the First Issue Date, the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders 
entered into the Guarantee, as further amended, pursuant to which the Guarantor issued, for the 
benefit of the Bondholders, a first demand, unconditional, irrevocable and independent guarantee to 
support payments of interest and principal under the Covered Bonds issued by CREDEM under the 
Programme. Under the Guarantee the Guarantor has agreed to pay an amount equal to the Guaranteed 
Amounts when the same shall become Due for Payment but which would otherwise be unpaid by the 
Issuer. The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee constitute direct and (following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service of an Issuer Event of Default Notice on the 
Issuer and the Guarantor) unconditional, unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations of the 
Guarantor, backed by the Cover Pool as provided under the Covered Bond Regulations. Pursuant to 
the terms of the Guarantee, the recourse of the Bondholders to the Guarantor under the Guarantee will 
be limited to the assets of the Cover Pool. Payments made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee will 
be made subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments. 
Under the Guarantee the parties thereof have agreed that as of the date of compulsory liquidation 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa) or, to the greatest extent permissible by law and without 
prejudice to Condition 10.2(iii), resolution (risoluzione) of the Issuer or following service of an Issuer 
Default Notice on the Issuer and Guarantor, the Guarantor shall, in accordance with the provisions of 
Article 7-quaterdecies paragraph 3 of Law 130, within the limit of the Cover Pool, fulfil all 
obligations of the Issuer towards the Bondholders and in accordance with the terms and conditions 
originally set out for the Covered Bonds. 
Upon enforcement of the Guarantee following the service of an Issuer Event of Default Notice (but 
prior to the service of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice), the Guarantor shall procure the payment 
of the Guaranteed Amounts when they are Due for Payment in accordance with the Conditions, the 
Final Terms applicable to each Series of Covered Bonds and the Post-Issuer Default Priority of 
Payments, provided that, in case the service of the Issuer Event of Default Notice is a consequence 
of an Issuer Event of Default consisting of an Article 74 Event, the Guarantee will be applied in the 
payment of the Guaranteed Amounts as long as the Representative of the Bondholders has not 
delivered an Article 74 Event Cure Notice. 
Following the service of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice, the right of the Bondholders to receive 
payment of the Guaranteed Amounts will be accelerated and the Representative of the Bondholders 
will therefore demand the immediate satisfaction of the Guaranteed Obligations in accordance with 
Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments. 
All payments of Guaranteed Amounts by or on behalf of the Guarantor shall be made without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
other governmental charges of whatever nature unless such withholding or deduction of such taxes, 
assessments or other governmental charges is required by law or regulation or administrative practice 
of any jurisdiction. If any such withholding or deduction is required, the Guarantor shall pay the 
Guaranteed Amounts net of such withholding or deduction and shall account to the appropriate tax 
authority for the amount required to be withheld or deducted. The Guarantor shall not be obliged to 
pay any amount to any Bondholder in respect of the amount of such withholding or deduction. 
To the extent that the Guarantor makes, or there is made on its behalf, a payment of any amount under 
the Guarantee, the Guarantor will be fully and automatically subrogated to the Bondholders' rights 
against the Issuer for the payment of an amount corresponding to the payments made by the 
Guarantor with respect to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds under the Guarantee, to the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable law.

--- Page 245 ---
- 235 - 
 
Governing law 
The Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out or connected with it is governed by 
Italian law. 
SUBORDINATED LOAN AGREEMENT 
On 29 October 2010, CREDEM and the Guarantor entered into the Subordinated Loan Agreement, as 
further amended, pursuant to article 7-bis of Law 130, as applicable until the Implementation Date, or, 
following the Implementation Date, Title I-bis of Law 130, under which CREDEM agrees to make 
available to the Guarantor, during the Availability Period, amounts in aggregate equal to the Total 
Commitment to be advanced from time to time in different drawdowns. The Subordinated Loan will 
be utilised for the purposes of funding the payments as described below. Any drawdown under the 
Subordinated Loan will be repaid on each Guarantor Payment Date prior to the occurrence of a 
Segregation Event and the delivery of an Issuer Event of Default Notice according to the relevant 
Priority of Payments and within the limits of the then Guarantor Available Funds, provided that such 
repayment does not result in a breach of any of the Tests or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount. 
Unless previously repaid in full in accordance with Clause 6.2 (Rimborso Anticipato), the 
Subordinated Loan shall be due for repayment on the Maturity Date or, if applicable, the Extended 
Maturity Date, of the last maturing Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, except in 
case of occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, where the Subordinated Loan is due for final 
repayment on the date falling at least 6 months after the Maturity Date (or, as applicable, Extended 
Maturity Date). Amounts owed to the Seller by the Guarantor under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement will be subordinated to amounts owed by the Guarantor under the Guarantee. 
Following the service of an Issuer Event of Default Notice, the repayment of the Subordinated Loan 
shall be subject to repayment in full (or, prior to service of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice, the 
accumulation of funds sufficient for the purpose of such repayment) of all Covered Bonds, in any case 
within the limits of the Guarantor Available Funds. Any amounts that have been repaid pursuant to 
the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement will be available for redrawing during the Availability 
Period within the limits of the Total Commitment and the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
The Guarantor will use the proceeds of any Drawdown under the Subordinated Loan Agreement (a) to 
fund the payment of the purchase price of the Eligible Assets included in the Initial Cover Pool, 
and/or (b) to purchase Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and/or Liquid Assets, and/or (c) to fund any 
amounts necessary for the adjustment of the Purchase Price, and/or (d) to create and/or maintain a 
cash reserve sufficient to meet the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, in each case in accordance with 
the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Master Assets Purchase Agreement and the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Subordinated Loan Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out or connected with 
it is governed by Italian law. 
MASTER ASSETS PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
On 29 October 2010, CREDEM and the Guarantor entered into the Master Assets Purchase 
Agreement, as further amended, in accordance with the combined provisions of articles 4 and 7-bis of 
Law 130, as applicable until the Implementation Date, or, following the Implementation Date, Title I-
bis of Law 130, pursuant to which CREDEM assigned and transferred from time to time, without 
recourse (pro soluto), to the Guarantor and the Guarantor purchased, without recourse (pro soluto), 
the Eligible Assets comprised in the Initial Portfolio. 
The Master Assets Purchase Agreement also provides that CREDEM shall transfer, upon satisfaction

--- Page 246 ---
- 236 - 
 
of certain conditions set out therein, Subsequent Portfolios to the Guarantor (i) in order to supplement 
the Cover Pool in connection with the issuance by CREDEM of further Series of Covered Bonds 
under the Programme; and (ii) in order to ensure the compliance of the Cover Pool with the Tests, the 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or the Exposure Assets Limit. 
In any case Subsequent Portfolios may only be offered or purchased if the following conditions are 
satisfied: 
(a) 
the First Series of Covered Bonds has been issued and fully subscribed; and 
(b) 
a Guarantor Event of Default Notice has not been served on the Guarantor. 
The Master Assets Purchase Agreement also specifies that the assignment of Subsequent Portfolios 
and the related issuance by CREDEM of further Series of Covered Bonds pursuant to paragraph (i) 
above may not occur if, inter alia, an Issuer Event of Default Notice or a Breach of Test Notice has 
been served to the Issuer and provided that the assignment of Subsequent Portfolios pursuant to 
paragraph (ii) above may not occur if an Issuer Event of Default Notice, as a result of an Insolvency 
Event of the Issuer, has been served to the Issuer. 
The Parties further undertook that Subsequent Portfolios may also be offered if the Guarantor has 
sufficient Principal Available Funds to pay the relevant Purchase Price, provided that no Breach of 
Test Notice (unless it is cured using Guarantor Available Funds), no Issuer Event of Default Notice 
and no Guarantor Event of Default Notice has been served. 
Mortgage Receivables and Public Assets comprised in any Subsequent Portfolio to be transferred 
under the Master Assets Purchase Agreement shall meet, in addition to the Common Criteria 
(described in detail in the section headed "Description of the Cover Pool"), the relevant Specific 
Criteria for the Subsequent Portfolios and (if necessary) any Further Criteria (both as defined below). 
As consideration for the transfer of any Subsequent Portfolios, pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase 
Agreement, the Guarantor will pay to CREDEM an amount equal to the aggregate of the Individual 
Purchase Price of all the relevant Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and/or Liquid Assets comprising the 
relevant Subsequent Portfolio as at the relevant Valuation Date. 
Pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement, prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default, CREDEM will have the right to repurchase Eligible Assets, Top Up Assets and Liquidity 
Assets in accordance with articles 1260 and following of the Civil Code or in accordance with article 
58 of the Consolidated Banking Act, as the case may be. 
For further details about the Cover Pool, see section headed "Description of the Cover Pool". 
Governing law 
The Master Assets Purchase Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out or connected 
with it is governed by Italian law. 
WARRANTY AND INDEMNITY AGREEMENT 
On 29 October 2010, CREDEM and the Guarantor entered into the Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement, as further amended, pursuant to which CREDEM has given certain representations and 
warranties in favour of the Guarantor in respect of, inter alia, itself, the Mortgage Receivables, the 
Real Estate Assets, the Top Up Assets and the Liquid Assets and certain other matters in relation to 
the issue of the Covered Bonds and has agreed to indemnify the Guarantor in respect of certain 
liabilities of the Guarantor that may be incurred, inter alia, in connection with the purchase and 
ownership of the Mortgage Receivables, the Top Up Assets and the Liquid Assets.

--- Page 247 ---
- 237 - 
 
The Warranty and Indemnity Agreement contains representations and warranties given by CREDEM 
as to matters of law and fact affecting CREDEM including, without limitation, that CREDEM validly 
exists as a legal entity, has the corporate authority and power to enter into the Programme Documents 
to which it is party and assume the obligations contemplated therein and has all the necessary 
authorisations for such purpose. 
Pursuant to the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, CREDEM has agreed to indemnify and hold 
harmless the Guarantor against any and all damages, losses, claims, costs and expenses awarded 
against, or incurred by it and / or any of its permitted assigns which arise out of or result from, inter 
alia, any representation and warranty given by CREDEM under or pursuant to the relevant Warranty 
and Indemnity Agreement being false, incomplete or incorrect. 
Governing law 
The Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out or connected 
with it is governed by Italian law. 
SERVICING AGREEMENT 
On 29 October 2010, CREDEM and the Guarantor entered into the Servicing Agreement, as further 
amended, pursuant to which the Guarantor has appointed CREDEM as Servicer of the Cover Pool. 
The receipt of the Collections is the responsibility of the Servicer acting as agent (mandatario) of the 
Guarantor. The Servicer will also act as the soggetto incaricato della riscossione dei crediti ceduti e 
dei servizi di cassa e di pagamento pursuant to Law 130. In such capacity, the Servicer shall also be 
responsible for ensuring that such operations comply with the provisions of articles 2.3, letter (c), 2.6 
and 2.6-bis of Law 130. 
The Servicer will also be responsible for carrying out, on behalf of the Guarantor, in accordance with 
the Servicing Agreement and the Credit and Collection Policy, any activities related to the 
management, enforcement and recovery of the Defaulted Receivables. The Servicer may sub-delegate 
to one or more persons the management, administration, collection and recovery of the Mortgage 
Receivables, subject to the limitations set out in the supervisory regulations and with the prior written 
notice of the Representative of the Bondholders and the Rating Agencies, provided that such sub-
delegation does not prejudice the compliance by the Servicer with its obligations under the Servicing 
Agreement. The Servicer shall remain fully liable vis-à-vis the Guarantor for the performance of any 
activity so delegated. 
The Servicer has been authorised to renegotiate the terms of the Mortgage Loan Agreements by 
reaching with the Debtors, inter alia, settlement agreements, payment extensions, moratorium or 
similar arrangements (including any renegotiation in relation to the margin), in accordance with the 
Credit and Collection Policy and subject to the provisions of the Servicing Agreement.  
The Guarantor, in its capacity as autonomous holder (titolare autonomo del trattamento dei dati 
personali) in relation to its servicing activities pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, has confirmed its 
willingness to appoint the Servicer as responsible (responsabile del trattamento dei dati personali), 
for the processing of personal data in relation to the Mortgage Receivables, in accordance with the 
Privacy Rules. 
The Servicer has represented to the Guarantor that it has all skills, software, hardware, information 
technology and human resources necessary to comply with the efficiency standards required by the 
Servicing Agreement. 
The Servicer has undertaken to prepare and deliver, on a quarterly basis (or on a monthly basis in case 
(i) a breach of Tests has occurred and as long as such breach has not been cured and (ii) following a 
Guarantor Event of Default) to, inter alios, the Account Bank, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent,

--- Page 248 ---
- 238 - 
 
the Swap Providers, the Representative of the Bondholders, the Principal Paying Agent, the Guarantor 
Corporate Servicer and the Servicer's Report, including details in relation to the composition of the 
Cover Pool, interest accrued thereon and relevant collections. 
Under the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer shall credit to the Collection Accounts any amounts 
collected from the Mortgage Receivables within the second Business Day upon receipt. 
In the event the rating of the Servicer falls below the Servicer Minimum Rating, the Servicer shall 
immediately communicate such event to the Representative of the Bondholders, the Rating Agencies, 
the Calculation Agent and the Guarantor and shall within 30 calendar days, alternatively: (i) instruct 
the Debtors to make payments in respect of the Receivables directly to the Collection Accounts; or (ii) 
procure and maintain a first demand guarantee issued by an Eligible Institution, so to guarantee the 
obligations of the Servicer pursuant to the Servicing Agreement or (iii) deposit and maintain with an 
Eligible Institution an amount equal to the Potential Commingling Amount; or (iv) sell to the 
Guarantor sufficient Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets or Liquid Assets so that the aggregate of the 
principal amounts due and payable before the Maturity Date of the first maturing Series of Covered 
Bonds is at least equal to the Potential Commingling Amount. 
The Servicer has acknowledged that, pursuant to the Servicing Agreement and the Intercreditor 
Agreement, the Guarantor shall appoint a Back-up Servicer (subject to consultation with the 
Representative of the Bondholders and prior notice to the Rating Agencies) within 30 calendar days 
from the date on which any event or circumstance occurs which would (with the expiry of a grace 
period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination under the Servicing Agreement or any 
combination of any of the foregoing) give rise to a Servicer Termination Event. 
The Guarantor may terminate the Servicer's appointment and appoint a successor servicer (the 
Substitute Servicer) if certain events occur (each a Servicer Termination Event). The Servicer 
Termination Events include the following events: 
(a) 
an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Servicer; 
(b) 
failure on the part of the Servicer to observe certain provisions of the Servicing Agreement 
and the continuation of such failure for a period of 15 Business Days following receipt by the 
Servicer of written notice from the Guarantor requiring the performance of the relevant 
obligations; 
(c) 
any of the representation and warranties made by the Servicer pursuant to the Servicing 
Agreement is false and/or misleading in any material respect and it may be prejudicial to the 
interest of the Guarantor and the Bondholders and (whether remediable) is not remedied for a 
period of 15 Business Days following receipt by the Servicer of written notice from the 
Guarantor requiring the relevant remedy to be implemented; 
(d) 
failure (not attributable to force majeure) on the part of the Servicer to deposit or pay any 
amount required to be paid or deposited pursuant to the Servicing Agreement (other than the 
Collections) which failure continues for a period of 10 Business Days from the date on which 
the relevant payment or deposit was required to be done; 
(e) 
it becomes unlawful for the Servicer to perform or comply with any of its obligations under 
the Servicing Agreement or the other Programme Documents to which it is a party; or 
(f) 
the Servicer is or will be unable to meet the current or future legal requirements and the Bank 
of Italy's regulations for entities acting as servicers in the context of a covered bonds 
transaction. 
Notice of any termination of the Servicer's appointment shall be given in writing, in accordance with

--- Page 249 ---
- 239 - 
 
the provisions of the Servicing Agreement, by the Guarantor to the Servicer with the prior agreement 
of the Representative of the Bondholders and shall be effective from the date of such termination or, if 
later, when the appointment of a Substitute Servicer becomes effective. The Servicer must continue to 
act as Servicer and meet its obligations until the Substitute Servicer is appointed. 
The Guarantor may, upon the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event, appoint as Substitute 
Servicer any person: 
(a) 
who meets the requirements of Law 130 and the Bank of Italy to act as Servicer; 
(b) 
who has at least three years of experience (whether directly or through subsidiaries) in the 
administration of mortgage loans in Italy; 
(c) 
who has available and is able to use software for the administration of mortgages compatible 
with that of the Servicer; 
(d) 
who is able to ensure, directly or indirectly, the efficient and professional maintenance of a 
computerised archive system (Archivio Unico Informatico) as required by Italian money-
laundering legislation and, if such legislation requires, the production of such information as 
is necessary to meet the information requirements of the Bank of Italy; and 
(e) 
has sufficient assets to ensure the continuous and effective performance of its duties. 
(f) 
Within 30 days following its termination the Servicer shall give notice to the Debtors of the 
appointment of the Substitute Servicer and instruct them to pay directly on the Collection 
Accounts. 
In case the Guarantor has appointed a Back-up Servicer, such Back-up Servicer will act as Substitute 
Servicer.  
Governing law 
The Servicing Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out or connected with it is 
governed by Italian law. 
CASH ALLOCATION, MANAGEMENT AND PAYMENTS AGREEMENT 
On or about the First Issue Date, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Seller, the Account Bank, 
the Investment Manager, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Test 
Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and the Representative of the Bondholders entered into 
the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, as further amended. 
The Guarantor has appointed CREDEM as Account Bank and Swap Collateral Account Bank and has 
opened with CREDEM the Credem Accounts, the Collection Accounts, the Expenses Account, the 
Subordinated Loan Account and the Cash Reserve Commingling Account. 
The parties to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement have agreed that: 
(i) 
upon occurrence of a Credem Account Bank Shift Event and further to the delivery of a 
Credem Account Bank Shift Notice by the Investment Manager to all the Parties of the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and the Rating Agency, the Investment 
Manager will identify a Replacement Account Bank that shall accede as Account Bank to the 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and the 
other relevant Programme Documents in accordance with the provisions of the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement. As soon as

--- Page 250 ---
- 240 - 
 
the Replacement Account Bank will have acceded to the relevant Programme Documents and 
the Replacement Account Bank Accounts will be opened, the Investment Manager will give 
instructions to Credem (in its capacity of Account Bank) to transfer cash and securities credited 
on the Credem Accounts to the Replacement Account Bank Accounts. With the transfer of such 
cash and securities, Credem shall cease to act as Account Bank under the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement in respect of the sole Credem Accounts and shall 
continue to act as Account Bank in respect of the Collection Accounts, the Expenses Account, 
the Cash Reserve Commingling Account provided that it shall qualify as Eligible Institution 
and as Subordinated Loan Provider in respect of the Subordinated Loan Account; 
(ii) 
upon occurrence of a Replacement Account Bank Shift Event and further to the delivery of a 
Replacement Account Bank Shift Notice by the Investment Manager to all the Parties of the 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and the Rating Agency, the 
Investment Manager will give instructions to the Replacement Account Bank (in its capacity of 
Account Bank) to transfer cash and securities credited on the Replacement Account Bank 
Accounts to the Credem Accounts (provided that it shall qualify as Eligible Institution). With 
the transfer of such cash and securities, the Replacement Account Bank shall cease to act as 
Account Bank under the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and Credem 
will act as Account Bank in respect of the Credem Accounts in accordance with the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
Under the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement: 
(i) 
the Account Bank has agreed to establish and maintain, in the name and on behalf of the 
Guarantor, the Collection Accounts, the Eligible Investments Account, the Payments Account, 
the Reserve Account and the Securities Account and to provide the Guarantor with certain 
reporting services together with account handling services in relation to monies from time to 
time standing to the credit of such accounts. In addition the Account Bank has agreed to 
provide the Guarantor with certain payment services; 
(ii) 
The Guarantor Corporate Servicer has agreed to operate the Expenses Account held with the 
Account Bank in order to make certain payments as set out in the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement; 
(iii) 
The Principal Paying Agent has agreed to provide the Issuer, prior to the occurrence of an 
Issuer Event of Default and the Guarantor, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default, with certain payment services together with certain calculation services pursuant to 
the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement; 
(iv) 
The Calculation Agent has agreed to provide the Guarantor with calculation services with 
respect to the Accounts and the Guarantor Available Funds and reporting services; 
(v) 
The Test Calculation Agent to perform the Tests in accordance with the provisions of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
(vi) 
The Account Bank has agreed to invest, on behalf of the Guarantor and upon instruction of 
the Investment Manager, any funds standing to the credit of the Eligible Investment Account 
in Eligible Investments. Furthermore the Investment Manager has agreed to deliver to the 
Account Bank, the Guarantor, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer, the Representative of the 
Bondholders, the Servicer and the Calculation Agent, a copy of the Investment Manager 
Report, which shall include details of all investments made. 
(vii) 
The Account Bank, the Cash Reserve Commingling Account Bank, the Swap Collateral 
Account Bank and the Principal Paying Agent shall at all times be an Eligible Institution. If 
the Account Bank, the Cash Reserve Commingling Account Bank, the Swap Collateral

--- Page 251 ---
- 241 - 
 
Account Bank or the Principal Paying Agent, as the case may be, ceases to be an Eligible 
Institution, it shall promptly give notice of such event to the other Parties and the Guarantor 
shall, within 60 calendar days of the loss of such status, select and appoint, with the prior 
written consent of the Issuer (and following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default also 
of the Representative of the Bondholders) and prior notice to the Rating Agencies, another 
bank, being an Eligible Institution, which shall assume the role of Account Bank, Cash 
Reserve Commingling Account Bank, Swap Collateral Account Bank or Principal Paying 
Agent, as the case may be, and upon the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement, agree to become a party to the Intercreditor Agreement and any other 
relevant Programme Documents and to perform any of the duties of the Account Bank, the 
Cash Reserve Commingling Account Bank, the Swap Collateral Account Bank or the 
Principal Paying Agent, as the case may be, pursuant the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement. The Subordinated Loan Account shall remain, in any case, opened with 
the Subordinated Loan Provider and any reporting duty (if applicable) set forth under the 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement shall apply to Credem in respect of 
such Subordinated Loan Account. 
The Guarantor may (with the prior approval of the Representative of the Bondholders) revoke the 
appointment of any Agent (including the Calculation Agent) by giving not less than three months' (or 
less, in the event of a breach of warranties and covenants) written notice to the relevant Agent (with a 
copy to the Representative of the Bondholders), regardless of whether an Issuer Event of Default or a 
Guarantor Event of Default has occurred. Prior to the delivery of an Issuer Event of Default Notice, 
the Issuer may revoke its appointment of the Principal Paying Agent, by giving not less than three 
months' (or less in the event of a breach of warranties and covenants) written notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent (with a copy to the Representative of the Bondholders). Any Agent (including the 
Calculation Agent) may resign from its appointment under the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement, upon giving not less than three months' (or such shorter period as the 
Representative of the Bondholders may agree) prior written notice of termination to the Guarantor and 
the Representative of the Bondholders subject to and conditional upon certain conditions set out in the 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, provided that a valid substitute has been 
appointed. The Guarantor shall (with the prior approval of the Representative of the Bondholders and 
prior notification to the Rating Agencies) appoint a successor Calculation Agent following any 
termination or resignation pursuant to the provisions of the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement and shall give notice of such appointment to the other Parties. 
Starting from 6 April 2022, considering that Credem has regained the status of Eligible Institution: 
(i) 
cash and securities credited on the relevant accounts previously opened with BNPP have been 
transferred to the Credem Accounts; 
(ii) 
for so long as a Credem Account Bank Shift Notice is not delivered by the Investment 
Manager, any reference to the “Swap Collateral Account Bank” in the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement (being the bank on which the Credem Swap Collateral 
Account are opened) shall be deemed to be to Credem; 
(iii) the Guarantor appointed Credem as Cash Reserve Commingling Account Bank, for the 
performance of the activities set forth under the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out or connected with it is governed by Italian law.

--- Page 252 ---
- 242 - 
 
THE SWAP AGREEMENTS  
Covered Bond Swap Agreement 
The Guarantor may enter into one or more Covered Bond Swap Agreements with the Covered Bond 
Swap Provider(s) on or about the Issue Date of any Series of Covered Bonds to hedge certain interest 
rate, currency and other risks, as the case may be, in respect of the Series of Covered Bonds issued on 
such Issue Date. The aggregate notional amount of the Covered Bond Swap Agreements entered into 
on each Issue Date shall be linked to the Outstanding Principal Amount of the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds. 
Under the Covered Bond Swap Agreements, on each quarterly Guarantor Payment Date, it is expected 
that the Guarantor will pay to the Covered Bond Swap Provider an amount calculated by reference to 
the notional amount of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds multiplied by either a fixed rate or 
Euribor, possibly increased by a margin. In return, it is anticipated that a Covered Bond Swap 
Provider will pay to the Guarantor, on each Covered Bond Swap Payment Date, an amount calculated 
by reference to the notional amount multiplied by a rate linked to the interest rate applicable to the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds.  
Each Covered Bond Swap Agreement is scheduled to terminate on the date corresponding to the 
Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series and may or may not take account of any 
extension of the Maturity Date under the terms of such Covered Bonds as specified in the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement. 
Asset Swap Agreement(s) 
The Guarantor may enter into one or more Asset Swap Agreements with one or more Asset Swap 
Providers to mitigate variations between the rate of interest payable on Mortgage Loans in the Cover 
Pool and Euribor with a certain designated maturity and ensure sufficient funding of the payment 
obligations of the Guarantor. 
Rating Downgrade Event 
Under the terms of each Swap Agreement, in the event that the rating(s) of a Swap Provider or its 
credit support provider are downgraded by a Rating Agency below the rating(s) specified in the 
relevant Swap Agreement (in accordance with the criteria of the Rating Agencies), then such Swap 
Provider will, in accordance with the relevant Swap Agreement, be required to take certain remedial 
measures which may include:  
(a) 
providing collateral for its obligations under the Swap Agreement, or 
(b) 
arranging for its obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement to be transferred to an entity 
with the ratings required by the relevant Rating Agency in order to maintain the rating of the 
Covered Bonds, or 
(c) 
procuring another entity, with the ratings meeting the relevant Rating Agency's criteria in 
order to maintain the rating of the Covered Bonds, to become a guarantor in respect of such 
Swap Provider's obligations under the Swap Agreement. 
A failure by the relevant Swap Provider to take such steps within the time periods specified in the 
Swap Agreement may allow the Guarantor to terminate the relevant Swap Agreement(s). 
Any Swap Provider that does not, on the day of entry into a Swap Agreement, have the adequate 
rating shall have its obligations to the Guarantor under such Swap Agreement guaranteed by an 
appropriately rated entity.

--- Page 253 ---
- 243 - 
 
Event of Default/Additional Termination Events 
A Swap Agreement may also be terminated early in certain other circumstances, including: 
(a) 
at the option of either party to the Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the other party to 
pay any amounts due under such Swap Agreement; 
(b) 
upon the occurrence of an insolvency of either party to the Swap Agreement, or its credit 
support provider (if any), or the merger of one of the parties without an assumption of the 
obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement; 
(c) 
there is a change of law or change in application of any relevant law which results in the 
Guarantor or the Swap Provider (or both) being obliged to make a withholding or deduction 
on account of a tax on a payment to be made by such party to the other party under the Swap 
Agreement and the Swap Provider thereby being required under the terms of the Swap 
Agreement to gross up payments made to the Guarantor, or to receive net payments from the 
Guarantor (which is not required under the terms of the Swap Agreement to gross up 
payments made to the Swap Provider); and 
(d) 
it becomes unlawful under any applicable law for either party to perform its obligations under 
the Swap Agreements. 
(e) 
The following are also typically to constitute additional termination events with respect to the 
Guarantor in the Swap Agreements: 
(i) 
amendment to the Programme Documents without consent of the relevant Swap 
Provider when such Swap Provider is of the reasonable opinion that it is adversely 
affected as a result of such amendment; 
(ii) 
in respect of any Asset Swap Agreement, sale of the Mortgage Loans in the Portfolio 
following delivery of an Issuer Event of Default Notice. 
(iii) 
in respect of any Covered Bond Swap Agreement, redemption (in whole or in part) of 
any relevant Series of Covered Bonds at the option of the Issuer; 
(iv) 
in respect of any Covered Bond Swap Agreement, redemption in whole of any 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds for tax reasons; and  
(v) 
the Representative of Bondholders serves a Guarantor Event of Default Notice. 
Upon the termination of a Swap Agreement, the Guarantor or the Swap Provider may be liable to 
make a termination payment to the other party in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Swap 
Agreement. The amount of this termination payment will be calculated and will be made in Euro. 
Swap Agreement Credit Support Document 
Each Swap Agreement will be supplemented and complemented by a credit support document in the 
form of the ISDA 1995 Credit Support Annex (Transfer English Law) to the ISDA Master Agreement 
(a Swap Agreement Credit Support Document). The Swap Agreement Credit Support Document 
will provide that the relevant Swap Provider, if required to do so following its downgrade or the 
downgrade of its credit support provider and subject to the conditions specified in such Swap 
Agreement Credit Support Document, will transfer Swap Collateral, and the Guarantor will be obliged 
to return equivalent collateral in accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement.  
Cash and securities (and all income in respect thereof) transferred as collateral will only be available

--- Page 254 ---
- 244 - 
 
to be applied in returning collateral (and income thereon) or in satisfaction of amounts owing by the 
relevant Swap Provider in accordance with the terms and within the limits of the Swap Agreement . 
Any Swap Collateral will be returned by the Guarantor to the relevant Swap Provider directly in 
accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement and not under the Priorities of Payments. 
Governing law 
The Swap Agreements and any non-contractual obligations arising out or connected with them are 
governed by English Law. 
MANDATE AGREEMENT 
On or about the First Issue Date, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders entered 
into the Mandate Agreement, as further amended, under which, subject to a Guarantor Event of 
Default Notice being served or upon failure by the Guarantor to exercise its rights under the 
Programme Documents and fulfilment of certain conditions, the Representative of the Bondholders, 
acting in such capacity, shall be authorised to exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, all 
the Guarantor's rights arising out of the Programme Documents to which the Guarantor is a party. 
Governing law 
The Mandate Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out or connected with it is 
governed by Italian law. 
INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT 
On or about the First Issue Date, the Guarantor and the Other Guarantor Creditors entered into the 
Intercreditor Agreement, as further amended. Under the Intercreditor Agreement provision is made as 
to the application of the proceeds from Collections in respect of the Cover Pool and as to the 
circumstances in which the Representative of the Bondholders will be entitled, in the interest of the 
Bondholders, to exercise certain of the Guarantor's rights in respect of the Cover Pool and the 
Programme Documents. 
In the Intercreditor Agreement the Other Guarantor Creditors have agreed, inter alia: to the order of 
priority of payments to be made out of the Guarantor Available Funds; that the obligations owed by 
the Guarantor to the Bondholders and, in general, to the Other Guarantor Creditors are limited 
recourse obligations of the Guarantor; and that the Bondholders and the Other Guarantor Creditors 
have a claim against the Guarantor only to the extent of the Guarantor Available Funds. 
Under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Guarantor has undertaken, following the service 
of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice, to comply with all directions of the Representative of the 
Bondholders, acting pursuant to the Conditions, in relation to the management and administration of 
the Cover Pool. 
Each of the Other Guarantor Creditors has agreed in the Intercreditor Agreement that in the exercise 
of its powers, authorities, duties and discretions the Representative of the Bondholders shall have 
regard to the interests of both the Bondholders and the Other Guarantor Creditors but if, in the opinion 
of the Representative of the Bondholders, there is a conflict between their interests the Representative 
of the Bondholders will have regard solely to the interests of the Bondholders. The actions of the 
Representative of the Bondholders will be binding on each of the Other Guarantor Creditors. 
Under the Intercreditor Agreement, each of the Other Guarantor Creditors has appointed the 
Representative of the Bondholders, as its agent (mandatario con rappresentanza), so that the 
Representative of the Bondholders may, in its name and behalf and also in the interests of and for the

--- Page 255 ---
- 245 - 
 
benefit of the Bondholders (who make a similar appointment pursuant to the Programme Agreement 
and the Conditions), inter alia, enter into the Deed of Pledge and the Deed of Charge. In such 
capacity, the Representative of the Bondholders, with effect from the date when the Covered Bonds 
have become due and payable (following a claim to the Guarantor or a demand under the Guarantee in 
the case of an Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default or the enforcement of the 
Guarantee if so instructed by the Bondholders or the exercise any other rights of enforcement 
conferred to the Representative of the Bondholders), may exercise all of the Bondholders and Other 
Guarantor Creditors' right, title and interest in and to and in respect of the assets charged under the 
Deed of Pledge and the Deed of Charge and do any act, matter or thing which the Representative of 
the Bondholders considers necessary for the protection of the Bondholders and Other Guarantor 
Creditors' rights under any of the Programme Documents including the power to receive from the 
Issuer or the Guarantor any and all moneys payable by the Issuer or the Guarantor to any Bondholder 
or Other Guarantor Creditors. In any event, the Representative of the Bondholders shall not be bound 
to take any of the above steps unless it has been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against 
all actions, proceedings, claims and demands to which it may thereby render itself liable and all costs, 
charges, damages and expenses which it may incur by so doing. 
Governing law 
The Intercreditor Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out or connected with it is 
governed by Italian law. 
GUARANTOR CORPORATE SERVICES AGREEMENT 
Under the Guarantor Corporate Services Agreement entered into on or about the First Issue Date, as 
further amended, between the Guarantor Corporate Servicer and the Guarantor, the Guarantor 
Corporate Servicer has agreed to provide certain corporate and administrative services to the 
Guarantor. 
Governing law 
The Guarantor Corporate Services Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out or 
connected with it is governed by Italian law. 
PROGRAMME AGREEMENT 
On or about the First Issue Date, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders and 
the Dealer(s), entered into the Programme Agreement, as further amended, pursuant to which the 
parties thereof have recorded the arrangements agreed between them in relation to the issue by the 
Issuer and the subscription by the Dealer(s) from time to time of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme. 
Under the Programme Agreement, the Issuer and the Dealer(s) have agreed that any Covered Bonds 
of any Series which may from time to time be agreed between the Issuer and any Dealer(s) to be 
issued by the Issuer and subscribed for by such Dealer(s) shall be issued and subscribed for on the 
basis of, and in reliance upon, the representations, warranties, undertakings and indemnities made or 
given or provided to be made or given pursuant to the terms of the Programme Agreement. Unless 
otherwise agreed, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer(s) is, are or shall be, in accordance with the terms 
of the Programme Agreement, under any obligation to issue or subscribe for any Covered Bonds of 
any Series. 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, before the Issuer reaches its first agreement with any Dealer 
for the issue and purchase of the First Series of Covered Bonds under the Programme, each Dealer 
shall have received, and found satisfactory (in its reasonable opinion), all of the documents and 
confirmations described in schedule 1 (Initial Documentary Conditions Precedent) of the Programme

--- Page 256 ---
- 246 - 
 
Agreement constituting the initial conditions precedent and the conditions precedent set out under 
Clause 3.2 (Conditions precedent to the issue of any Series of Covered Bonds) of the Programme 
Agreement, as applicable to the first Series, shall have been satisfied. 
According to the terms of the Programme Agreement, the Issuer may nominate any institution as a 
new Dealer in respect of the Programme or nominate any institution as a new Dealer only in relation 
to a particular Series of Covered Bonds upon satisfaction of certain conditions set out in the 
Programme Agreement. 
In addition, under the Programme Agreement, the parties thereof have agreed to certain terms 
regulating, inter alia, the performance of any stabilisation action which may be carried out in 
connection with the issue of any Series of Covered Bonds. 
Governing law 
The Programme Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out or connected with it is 
governed by Italian law. 
COVER POOL MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 
On or about the First Issue Date, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Test Calculation Agent and the 
Representative of the Bondholders entered into the Cover Pool Management Agreement, as further 
amended, pursuant to which they have agreed certain terms regulating, inter alia, the performance of 
the Tests, the verification of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Assets Limit and the 
Minimum OC Requirement with respect to the Cover Pool and the purchase and sale by the Guarantor 
of the Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool. 
Under the Cover Pool Management Agreement the Issuer (also in its capacity as Seller) has 
undertaken to procure, inter alia, that each of the Mandatory Tests (as described in detail in section 
entitled "Credit structure - Tests" below) is met with respect to the Cover Pool on any Calculation 
Date (and, to the extent that on any such Calculation Date any of such Mandatory Tests was breached, 
on any following Test Calculation Date until the end of the relevant Test Remedy Period).  
Following the service of an Issuer Event of Default Notice (but prior to the service of a Guarantor 
Event of Default Notice), on any Calculation Date, the Test Calculation Agent shall verify that the 
Amortisation Test is met (as described in details in section entitled "Credit Structure – Amortisation 
Test").  
In addition, pursuant to and in accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Test 
Calculation Agent shall verify that (i) that the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is met on each 
Calculation Date, (ii) the Exposure Assets Limit has been correctly computed within the calculation of 
the Mandatory Test on each Calculation Date and on any other date on which the verification of the 
Exposure Assets Limit is required pursuant to the Programme Documents, and (iii) following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer Event of Default Notice on the 
Issuer and the Guarantor (but prior to the service on the Guarantor of a Guarantor Event of Default 
Notice), the Minimum OC Requirement is met on each Calculation Date or Test Calculation Date, as 
applicable.  
The Test Calculation Agent has agreed to prepare and deliver to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Servicer, the Representative of the Bondholders, the Calculation Agent, the Asset Monitor and the 
Rating Agencies a report setting out the calculations carried out by it with respect of the Tests, the 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Assets Limit and the Minimum OC Requirement (the 
Test Performance Report). Such report shall specify, inter alia, the occurrence of a breach of any 
Tests.

--- Page 257 ---
- 247 - 
 
Following the notification by the Test Calculation Agent in the relevant Test Performance Report, of a 
breach of any Test, the Guarantor will purchase Subsequent Portfolios from the Seller in accordance 
with the Master Assets Purchase Agreement and/or purchase, or invest in, Top-Up Assets, Liquid 
Assets or other Eligible Assets in order to ensure that, within the relevant Test Grace Period, all Tests 
are satisfied. Such purchase will be (i) prior to the delivery of a Breach of Test Notice, for the portion 
of the relevant purchase price not payable by the Guarantor applying the Guarantor Available Funds 
available for such purpose in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments, 
partially funded with the proceeds of appropriate drawdowns advanced by the Issuer and (ii) 
following the delivery of a Breach of Test Notice (which has not been revoked) entirely funded with 
the proceeds of appropriate drawdowns advanced by the Issuer, except where the breach referred to in 
the Breach of Test Notice may be cured by using the Guarantor Available Funds. 
If the relevant breach has not been remedied prior to the end of the applicable Test Grace Period, in 
accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Representative of the Bondholders shall 
deliver a Breach of Test Notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor as a consequence of which a 
Segregation Event will occur. 
Following the delivery of a Breach of Test Notice, but prior to the delivery of an Issuer Event of 
Default Notice, if on or prior to the expiry of the Test Remedy Period the Tests are subsequently met 
(unless any other Segregation Event has occurred and is outstanding and without prejudice to the 
obligation of the Representative of the Bondholders to deliver a subsequent Breach of Test Notice), 
the Representative of the Bondholders will promptly deliver to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Test 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Asset Monitor a Breach of Test Cure Notice 
informing such parties that the Breach of Test Notice then outstanding has been revoked. No 
revocation of a Breach of Test Notice will be possible following the service of an Issuer Event of 
Default Notice (other than in respect of an Issuer Event of Default consisting of an Article 74 Event) 
or Guarantor Event of Default Notice. 
Under the Cover Pool Management Agreement the parties thereof have also agreed the conditions that 
the Guarantor shall comply with in the selection of the assets to be purchased. For such purpose the 
Guarantor will: 
(i) 
purchase Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets or Liquid Assets from the Issuer; and  
(ii) 
to the extent the Top-Up Assets or Liquid Assets purchased in accordance with item (i) above 
are insufficient, purchase Top-Up Assets or Liquid Assets from other entities, having 
previously obtained to that purpose any relevant solvency certificate or bankruptcy certificate 
or any other document as the Representative of the Bondholders may deem necessary. 
After the service of an Issuer Event of Default Notice (other than in respect of an Issuer Event of 
Default consisting of an Article 74 Event whose suspension of payments is in force prior to an 
Extension Determination Date where the payments of the unpaid amounts due by the Guarantor in 
respect of a Series of Covered Bonds have been postponed to the relevant Extension Maturity Date) 
on the Issuer and the Guarantor or a Guarantor Event of Default Notice, the Guarantor shall, if 
necessary in order to effect timely payments under the Covered Bonds, upon instructions of the 
Portfolio Manager and provided that the Representative of the Bondholders has been duly informed, 
sell the Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and Liquidity Assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance 
with the Cover Pool Management Agreement (including for the purpose of meeting the Liquidity 
Buffer Target Amount), subject to the rights of pre-emption in favour of the Issuer to buy such 
Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and Liquid Assets pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
The Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and Liquid Assets to be sold will be selected from the Cover Pool 
on a random basis by the Servicer on behalf of the Guarantor (any such Eligible Assets, Top-Up 
Assets and Liquid Assets, the Selected Assets) and the proceeds from any sale of Selected Assets

--- Page 258 ---
- 248 - 
 
shall be credited to the Collection Account and applied as set out in the applicable Priority of 
Payments. 
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, before offering Selected Assets for sale, 
the Guarantor shall ensure that the Selected Assets have an aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance 
in an amount (the Adjusted Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount) which is as close as 
possible to: 
(a) 
the Euro Equivalent of the Principal Amount Outstanding in respect of the Earliest Maturing 
Covered Bonds, multiplied by 1+ Negative Carry Factor x (days to maturity of the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds/365) (the Required Redemption Amount); minus 
(b) 
amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts; minus 
(c) 
the Euro Equivalent of the principal amount of any Top-Up Assets and Eligible Investments, 
plus or minus 
(d) 
as applicable, any swap termination amounts payable under the Swap Agreements to or by the 
Guarantor in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, 
excluding, with respect to items (b) and (c) above all amounts estimated to be applied on the next 
following Guarantor Payment Date to repay higher ranking amounts in the applicable Priority of 
Payments and those amounts that are required to repay any Series of Covered Bonds which mature 
prior to or on the same date as the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds (such amounts, to be referred to 
as the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount). 
The Guarantor will offer the Selected Assets for sale for the best price reasonably available but in any 
event for an amount not less than the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount. If the Selected Assets 
have not been sold in an amount equal to the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount by the date 
which is six months prior to the Maturity Date or, as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date of the 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, and the Guarantor does not have sufficient other funds standing to 
the credit of the Accounts available to repay the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds (after taking into 
account all payments, provisions and credits to be made in priority thereto), then the Guarantor will 
offer the Selected Assets for sale for the best price reasonably available notwithstanding that such 
amount may be less than the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount. In addition, after the delivery 
of an Issuer Event of Default Notice, the Guarantor may, upon the evaluation carried out by the 
Portfolio Manager taking into account the then relevant market conditions, sell Selected Assets for an 
amount equal to the Adjusted Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount calculated in respect 
of any other Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding, rather than in respect of the Earliest Maturing 
Covered Bonds only. 
The Guarantor may offer for sale part of any portfolio of Selected Assets (a Partial Portfolio). Except 
in certain circumstances, the sale price of the Partial Portfolio (as a proportion of the Adjusted 
Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount) shall be at least equal to the proportion that the 
Partial Portfolio bears to the relevant portfolio of Selected Assets. 
With respect to any sale to be carried out in accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement 
(including for the purpose of meeting the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount), the Guarantor may 
instruct a recognised portfolio manager (which shall be appointed through a tender process) (the 
Portfolio Manager) to endeavour - to the extent possible taking into account the time left before the 
Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date (if applicable) of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds - to 
sell or liquidate any Top-Up Assets and/or Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool before any 
Mortgage Loans are sold in accordance herewith. 
Under the Cover Pool Management Agreement, following the delivery by the Representative of the

--- Page 259 ---
- 249 - 
 
Bondholders of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice, the Guarantor shall sell all assets included in the 
Cover Pool (other than cash deposits) in accordance with the procedures described under the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement, provided that the Guarantor will instruct the Portfolio Manager to use 
all reasonable endeavours to procure that such sale is carried out as quickly as reasonably practicable 
taking into account the market conditions at that time. 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement, prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default, the Issuer, in accordance with the provisions of the Master Assets Purchase Agreement, will 
have the right to repurchase certain Eligible Assets, Top Up Assets and/or Liquid Assets (including 
Excess Assets) transferred to the Guarantor provided that any such purchase may occur only in 
accordance with any relevant law, regulation or interpretation of any authority (including, for the 
avoidance of doubts, the Bank of Italy or the Minister of Economy and Finance) which may be 
enacted with respect to the Covered Bond Regulations. 
In addition, pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement: 
(i) 
if, on any Calculation Date the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is not reached, the Issuer 
shall, upon receipt of the relevant notice, as soon as possible: 
(a) 
sell Liquid Assets to the Guarantor in accordance with the Master Assets Purchase 
Agreement and, to this extent, shall grant the funds necessary for payment of the 
purchase price of the assets to the Guarantor in accordance with the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement; and/or 
(b) 
repurchase assets by exercising the call option provided for under the Master Assets 
Purchase Agreement in accordance with, and subject to the terms, set out therein, 
in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is 
reached as soon as practicable 
(ii) 
if, on any date until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Exposure Assets Limit is 
not correctly computed, the Test Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Issuer, the Seller, 
the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders and the Asset Monitor of such breach 
(sending a new Test Performance Report with such amount correctly computed). In addition, 
upon indication of the Issuer:  
(a) 
the Seller shall sell or procure to sell, as soon as possible upon receipt of the relevant 
notice, sufficient Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets or Liquid Assets (other than cash 
deposits) to the Guarantor in accordance with the Master Assets Purchase Agreement 
and, to this extent, the Guarantor shall use the “Fondi Disponibili in Conto Capitale” 
for the payment of the purchase price of the assets; and/or  
(b) 
the Guarantor shall reimburse the Subordinated Loan in accordance with the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement and the other Programme Documents; and/or  
(c) 
upon instructions of the Guarantor, the Account Bank shall invest part of the Liquid 
Assets in excess of the Exposure Assets Limit in securities eligible under article 129, 
paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b), of CRR,  
in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Exposure Assets Limit is complied with 
as soon as practicable and in any event within one month following the delivery of the 
relevant notice. 
After the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and if the Amortisation Test is not 
breached, if the Exposure Assets Limit is not complied with, the Test Calculation Agent shall

--- Page 260 ---
- 250 - 
 
give notice to the Issuer and the Representative of the Bondholders, acting upon instructions 
of the Covered Bondholders and on the basis of the Test Performance Report, shall give 
instructions to the Account Bank to invest all or part of the amounts standing on the Eligible 
Investments Account in Liquid Assets in form of securities eligible under Article 129 
paragraph 1, (a) and (b) of CRR. 
(iii) 
if, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer Event of 
Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor (but prior to the service on the Guarantor of a 
Guarantor Event of Default Notice), on any Calculation Date or Test Calculation Date, as 
applicable, or on any other date on which the verification of Minimum OC Requirement is 
required pursuant to the Programme Documents, the Minimum OC Requirement is not 
reached, the Guarantor, acting upon instructions of the Representative of the Bondholders 
(who shall act upon instructions of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the Rules of 
the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders), shall: 
(a) 
give instructions to the Account Bank to invest all or part of the amounts standing to 
the Eligible Investments Account in Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets in form of securities eligible under Article 129 paragraph 1, (a) and (b), of the 
CRR and/or; 
(b) 
instruct the Portfolio Manager to sell a sufficient amount of non eligible assets 
necessary to reach the Minimum OC Requirement.  
For further details, see section entitled "Credit structure" below. 
Governing law 
The Cover Pool Management Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out or connected 
with it is governed by Italian law. 
DEED OF PLEDGE 
On or about the First Issue Date, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders entered 
into the Deed of Pledge, as further amended, under which, without prejudice and in addition to any 
security, guarantee and other right provided by Law 130 and the Deed of Charge securing the 
discharge of the Guarantor's obligations to the Bondholders and the Other Guarantor Creditors, the 
Guarantor has pledged in favour of the Bondholders and the Other Guarantor Creditors (i) all existing 
and future monetary claims and rights (other than the Cover Pool) and all the amount (including 
payment for claims, indemnities, damages, penalties, credits and guarantees) owing to the Pledgor and 
arising from and in accordance with the certain Programme Documents, (ii) the Eligible Investments, 
from time to time deposited in Italy with the Account Bank in accordance with the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement, (iii) the sums from time to time deposited with the Swap 
Collateral Account Bank and (iv) the sums from time to time deposited with the Cash Reserve 
Commingling Account Bank. The security created pursuant to the Deed of Pledge will become 
enforceable upon the service of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice. 
Governing law 
The Deed of Pledge and any non-contractual obligations arising out or connected with it is governed 
by Italian law. 
DEED OF CHARGE 
On or about the First Issue Date, the Guarantor will enter into the Deed of Charge with the 
Representative of the Bondholders pursuant to which, without prejudice and in addition to any

--- Page 261 ---
- 251 - 
 
security, guarantees and other rights provided by Law 130 and the Deed of Pledge securing the 
discharge of the Guarantor's obligations to the Bondholders and the Other Guarantor Creditors, the 
Guarantor will assign in favour of the Representative of the Bondholders as trustee for the 
Bondholders and the Other Guarantor Creditors all of its rights, benefits and interest under the Swap 
Agreements, including the benefit of any Swap Guarantees thereunder. The security created pursuant 
to the Deed of Charge will become enforceable upon the service of a Guarantor Event of Default 
Notice. 
Governing law 
The Deed of Charge and any non-contractual obligations arising out or connected with it is governed 
by English law. 
ASSET MONITOR AGREEMENT 
Pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement entered into on or about the First Issue Date between the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Asset Monitor and the Representative of the Bondholders and subject to due 
receipt of the information to be provided by the Test Calculation Agent to the Asset Monitor, the 
Asset Monitor, in addition to the activities carried out by it in favour of the Issuer pursuant to the 
Bank of Italy Regulations and as set out in an engagement letter entered into on or about the date of 
this Base Prospectus, will verify the arithmetic accuracy of the calculations performed by the Test 
Calculation Agent pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement with respect to the Mandatory 
Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Assets Limit and the Minimum OC 
Requirement. 
In addition, on or prior to each Asset Monitor Report Date, the Asset Monitor shall deliver to the 
Guarantor, the Test Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Bondholders and the Issuer a report 
containing the results of its activities of verification, in the form set out in the Asset Monitor 
Agreement. 
The Asset Monitor Agreement provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and expenses 
to the Asset Monitor, the limited recourse nature of the payment obligation of the Guarantor vis-à-vis 
the Asset Monitor, the resignation of the Asset Monitor and the replacement by the Guarantor of the 
Asset Monitor. 
The Asset Monitor Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out or connected with it is 
governed by Italian law. 
QUOTAHOLDERS' AGREEMENT 
Please see section entitled "Guarantor – The Quotaholders' Agreement".

--- Page 262 ---
- 252 - 
 
CREDIT STRUCTURE  
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unsecured, unconditional obligations of the Issuer. The Guarantor 
has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts under the Guarantee until the service by the 
Representative of the Bondholders on the Issuer and on the Guarantor of an Issuer Event of Default 
Notice. The Issuer will not be relying on payments by the Guarantor in respect of the Subordinated 
Loan or receipt of Interest Available Funds or Principal Available Funds from the Cover Pool in order 
to pay interest or repay principal under the Covered Bonds. 
There are a number of features of the Programme which enhance the likelihood of timely and, as 
applicable, ultimate payments to Bondholders, as follows: 
(i) 
the Guarantee provides credit support for the benefit of the Bondholders; 
(ii) 
the Mandatory Tests and, following the delivery of an Issuer Event of Default Notice, the 
Amortisation Tests are intended to ensure that the Cover Pool is at all times sufficient to pay 
any interest and principal under the Covered Bonds; 
(iii) 
the Swap Agreements are intended to mitigate certain interest rate, currency or other risks in 
respect of amounts received and amounts payable by the Guarantor; 
(iv) 
the verification of the Exposure Assets Limit is intended to ensure that the Exposure Assets 
Limit is correctly calculated within the performance of the Tests; 
(v) 
the verification of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is performed with the intention of 
ensuring at all times that the amount of Liquid Assets is equal to or higher than the maximum 
cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow of the Programme over the next 180 days; 
(vi) 
the verification of the Minimum OC Requirement (i) prior to occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default and service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor, performed as 
part of the Nominal Value Test on each Calculation Date (or Test Calculation Date, as the 
case may be), and (ii) following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an 
Issuer Event of Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor, performed for the purpose of 
testing verify that the Minimum OC Requirement is met on each Calculation Date or Test 
Calculation Date, as applicable; 
(vii) 
a Reserve Account is opened for the deposit of the Reserve Amount intended to be used on 
each Guarantor Payment Date, together with the other Guarantor Available Funds to make the 
payments required under certain items of the Pre-Issuer Interest Priority of Payments, to the 
extent that the Guarantor Available Funds are not sufficient to make the relevant payments on 
such Guarantor Payment Date; and 
(viii) 
under the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, the Account 
Bank, on the basis of the instruction of the Investment Manager, has agreed to invest the 
moneys standing to the credit of the Collection Accounts and the Reserve Account as 
transferred to the Eligible Investment Account in purchasing Eligible Investments. 
Certain of these factors are considered more fully in the remainder of this section. 
Guarantee 
The Guarantee provided by the Guarantor guarantees payment of Guaranteed Amounts when the same 
become Due for Payment in respect of all Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. The 
Guarantee will not guarantee any other amount becoming payable in respect of the Covered Bonds for 
any other reason, including any accelerated payment (other than to the Bondholders) become due as a

--- Page 263 ---
- 253 - 
 
consequence of the delivery of an Issuer Event of Default Notice. In this circumstance (and until a 
Guarantor Event of Default occurs and a Guarantor Event of Default Notice is served), the 
Guarantor's obligations will only be to pay the Guaranteed Amounts as they fall Due for Payment. 
Payments to be made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be made subject to, and in 
accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments, as applicable. 
See section entitled "Description of the Programme Documents - Guarantee", as regards the terms of 
the Guarantee. See section entitled "Cashflows - Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments", as regards 
the payment of amounts payable by the Guarantor to Bondholders and other creditors following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default. 
Tests 
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Issuer must ensure that on each 
Calculation Date the Cover Pool is in compliance with the Tests described below. If on any 
Calculation Date the Cover Pool is not in compliance with the Tests, then the Guarantor may require 
the Issuer to advance a drawdown under the Subordinated Loan for the purposes of funding the 
purchase of Subsequent Portfolios or investments in Top-Up Assets, Liquid Assets or other Eligible 
Assets representing an amount sufficient to allow the Tests to be met on the next following Test 
Calculation Date falling on the expiry of the Test Grace Period, in accordance with, as appropriate, 
the Master Assets Purchase Agreement and the Cover Pool Management Agreement. If the Cover 
Pool is not in compliance with the Tests on the next following Test Calculation Date falling on the 
expiry of the Test Grace Period, the Representative of the Bondholders will serve a Breach of Test 
Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor. The Representative of the Bondholders shall revoke the 
Breach of Test Notice if on or prior to the expiry of the Test Remedy Period the Tests are 
subsequently satisfied unless any other Segregation Event has occurred and is outstanding and without 
prejudice to the obligation of the Representative of the Bondholders to serve a subsequent Breach of 
Test Notice. If following the delivery of a Breach of Test Notice, the Tests are not met on, or prior to, 
the expiry of the Test Remedy Period, the Representative of the Bondholders will serve an Issuer 
Event of Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Mandatory Tests  
The Mandatory Tests are intended to ensure that the Guarantor can meet its obligations under the 
Guarantee. In order to ensure that the Mandatory Tests provided for under article 7-undecies of Law 
130 (the Mandatory Tests) are satisfied and that the Cover Pool is at all times sufficient to repay the 
Covered Bonds, the Issuer must always ensure that the three tests set out below are satisfied on each 
Calculation Date (and on any Test Calculation Date thereafter if on the immediately preceding 
Calculation Date any of the Mandatory Tests was breached and as long as such breach has not been 
cured in accordance with clause 3.5 of the Cover Pool Management Agreement). 
(A) 
Nominal Value Test 
The Issuer and the Seller must ensure and the Test Calculation Agent shall verify that on each 
Calculation Date (or Test Calculation Date, as the case may be) prior to the occurrence of an 
Issuer Event of Default, the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Eligible Cover 
Pool shall be higher than or equal to the Outstanding Principal Amount of all Series of 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and not cancelled or redeemed in full in 
accordance with their Final Terms and outstanding on the relevant Calculation Date (or Test 
Calculation Date, as the case may be), provided that the Minimum OC Requirement shall at 
all times be met. 
For the purpose of the above, the Test Calculation Agent shall consider the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Eligible Cover Pool as an amount equal to the Nominal Value, 
which will be calculated on each Calculation Date (or Test Calculation Date, as the case may

--- Page 264 ---
- 254 - 
 
be), by applying the following formula (without double-counting): 
A + B + C - Y - W – Z - H 
where, 
A 
stands for the Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance of each Mortgage Loan, 
which shall be calculated as follows at each relevant Calculation Date (or Test Calculation 
Date, as the case may be); 
the lower of: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan as calculated on the 
relevant Calculation Date (or Test Calculation Date, as the case may be); and  
(ii) 
the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan multiplied by M, 
where  
(a) 
for all Residential Mortgage Loans that are neither Defaulted Receivables nor 
Delinquent Mortgage Receivables, M = 0.80; 
(b) 
for all Residential Mortgage Loans that are Delinquent Mortgage 
Receivables, M = 0.60; 
(c) 
for all Commercial Mortgage Loans that are neither Defaulted Receivables 
nor Delinquent Mortgage Receivables , M = 0.60;  
(d) 
for all Commercial Mortgage Loans that are Delinquent Mortgage 
Receivables , M = 0.45; and 
(e) 
for all Mortgage Loans that are Defaulted Receivables M = 0; 
MINUS 
the aggregate sum of the following deemed reductions to the aggregate Adjusted Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool, if any of the following occurred 
during the previous Collection Period: 
(1) 
a Mortgage Loan (or any security granted in relation thereto, the Related Security) 
was, in the immediately preceding Collection Period, in breach of the representations 
and warranties contained in the relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement or was 
subject to any other obligation of the Seller to repurchase the relevant Mortgage Loan 
and its Related Security and, in each case, the Seller has not repurchased the 
Mortgage Loan or Mortgage Loans (each an Affected Loan) of the relevant Debtor to 
the extent required by the terms of the Master Asset Purchase Agreement or 
indemnified the Guarantor to the extent required by the terms of the Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement. In this event, the aggregate Adjusted Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool (as calculated on the relevant 
Calculation Date or any following Test Calculation Date as the case may be) will be 
deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to the Adjusted Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the relevant Affected Loan or Affected Loans (as calculated on the 
relevant Calculation Date or Test Calculation Date, as the case may be);  
AND/OR

--- Page 265 ---
- 255 - 
 
(2) 
the Seller, in the preceding Collection Period, was in breach of any other material 
warranty under the relevant Master Asset Purchase Agreement and/or the Servicer 
was, in the preceding Collection Period, in breach of a material term of the Servicing 
Agreement. In this event, the aggregate Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance of 
the Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool (as calculated on the relevant Calculation Date, 
or any following Test Calculation Date as the case may be) will be deemed to be 
reduced by an amount equal to the resulting financial loss incurred by the Guarantor 
in the immediately preceding Collection Period (such financial loss to be calculated 
by the Test Calculation Agent without double counting and to be reduced by any 
amount paid (in cash or in kind) to the Guarantor by the Issuer, the Seller and/or the 
Servicer to indemnify the Guarantor for such financial loss); 
the amount resulting from the calculations above, multiplied by the Asset Percentage; 
B 
stands for the aggregate of, without double counting, (i) the principal amount 
standing to the credit of the Principal Collection Account, (ii) the Principal Balance 
standing to the credit of the Eligible Investment Account or invested in Eligible 
Investments and (iii) the principal amount of any Top-Up Assets and Liquid Assets 
qualifying as Eligible Investment, up to the Exposure Assets Limit as applicable; 
C 
stands for the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Eligible Assets, Top-
Up Assets and Liquid Assets (other than the assets under letter (B) above qualifying 
as Eligible Investments) other than Mortgage Loans, subject to the Exposure Assets 
Limit and excluding any uncollateralised claim in case a default pursuant to article 
178 of the CRR occurs, provided that any such amount may be given limited credit 
from time to time;  
Y  
is equal to (i) nil, if the Issuer's counterparty risk assessment (CRA) is at least "Baa2 
(cr)" by Moody's and 
(a) 
if the potential set-off exposure is less than 50% of the relied-upon OC the 
Issuer’s long term and short term rating are at least “BB-” by Fitch,  
(b) 
if the potential set-off exposure is more than 50% of the relied-upon OC the 
Issuer’s long term deposit rating is at least “BBB” by Fitch, 
 
or (ii) otherwise, the Potential Set-Off Amount;  
W  
is equal to (i) nil, if (a) the Issuer's counterparty risk assessment (CRA) is at least 
"Baa2 (cr)" by Moody's and the Issuer’s long term deposit rating is at least “BBB” by 
Fitch, or (b) any of the remedies under Clause 4.2 of the Servicing Agreement have 
been implemented; or (ii) otherwise, the Potential Commingling Amount;  
Z 
stands for the Weighted Average Remaining Maturity of all Covered Bonds 
(expressed in years) then outstanding multiplied by the aggregate Principal Amount 
of the Covered Bonds then outstanding multiplied by the Negative Carry Factor; and 
H 
stands for the aggregate amount of the principal instalments of each Mortgage Loan 
which have been deferred in accordance with a Payment Holiday. 
provided that,  
(i) 
items A, B, C, and H above will be computed with reference to the Collection Period 
End Date immediately preceding the relevant Calculation Date (or Test Calculation 
Date, as applicable);

--- Page 266 ---
- 256 - 
 
(ii) 
for the purpose of the computation of the item A above, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Mortgage Loans shall include the Outstanding Principal Balance with 
reference to the relevant Valuation Date (excluded) of any Subsequent Portfolio sold 
after the Collection Period End Date and prior to the relevant Calculation Date (or 
Test Calculation Date, as the case may be), to the extent that a Series of Covered 
Bonds has been issued or is to be issued during the same period of time and all the 
steps required under the Master Assets Purchase Agreement for the purposes of the 
purchase of the Subsequent Portfolio by the Guarantor, including the notice of the 
purchase price of the Subsequent Portfolio, having been taken and the relevant notice 
of assignment having been published in the Official Gazette and registered in the 
companies' register before the relevant Issue Date; 
(iii) 
 unsecured loans, in respect of which a default pursuant to article 178 of the CRR has 
occurred, do not contribute to the calculation related to the Mandatory Tests. 
The Issuer shall also include in the Investors Report the indication of the actual 
overcollateralization included in the Programme as of the previous Test Calculation Date. 
It is understood that for the purpose of calculating the Minimum OC Requirement, the Test 
Calculation Agent shall consider the items A (without the multiplication by the Asset 
Percentage), B and C above. 
Asset Percentage means (A) as long as any Series issued prior to the Implementation Date is 
outstanding, the lower of (i) 93.00 per cent and (ii) such other percentage figure as may be 
determined by the Issuer on behalf of the Guarantor in accordance with the methodologies 
published by the Rating Agencies (after procuring the required level of overcollateralization 
in line with target rating), or (B) following the redemption in full of all the Series issued prior 
to the Implementation Date, (i) 95.00 per cent or in any case the asset percentage 
corresponding to the Minimum OC Requirement, or (ii) such lower asset percentage figure as 
determined from time to time by the Issuer in accordance with the methodologies published 
by the Rating Agencies. Notwithstanding that, in the event the Issuer chooses not to apply 
such other percentage figure (items (A) (ii) and (B)(ii) above) of the Asset Percentage, this 
will not result in a breach of the Nominal Value Test. 
Minimum OC Requirement” means the minimum statutory OC equal to 5%. 
Payment Holiday: means in respect of a Mortgage Loan, the deferral of the payment of its 
interest and/or principal instalments in accordance with the application of moratoria 
provisions from time to time granted to Debtors by any laws, agreements between Italian 
banking associations and national consumer associations, the Bank of Italy or other regulatory 
bodies regulations. 
Principal Balance: means (a) with reference to the Eligible Investment Account, the portion 
of the balance standing to the credit of the Eligible Investment Account made up by cash 
transferred from the Principal Collection Account and not invested in Eligible Investments; 
(b) with reference to the Eligible Investments, the principal amount credited into the Eligible 
Investment Account from the Principal Collection Account and invested into Eligible 
Investments. 
Potential Set-Off Amount: means an amount, calculated by the Issuer as a percentage of the 
Cover Pool that the Issuer determines as potentially subject to set-off by the Debtors. 
Potential Commingling Amount: means an amount calculated by the Issuer (or the Servicer, 
as the case may be) equal to the expected aggregate amount of monthly collections and 
recoveries calculated in respect of the next following 2 months and considering a 5% constant

--- Page 267 ---
- 257 - 
 
prepayment ratio p.a., or any other higher amount designated as such by the Issuer (or the 
Servicer, as the case maybe) and notified to the Rating Agencies. 
Weighted Average Remaining Maturity: means the aggregate of the residual term 
(expressed as a fraction of year) of any Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, 
weighted by the Outstanding Principal Amount of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
(B) 
Net Present Value Test 
The Issuer and the Seller must ensure, and the Test Calculation Agent shall verify, that on 
each Calculation Date (or Test Calculation Date, as the case may be) prior to the occurrence 
of an Issuer Event of Default, the Net Present Value of the Eligible Cover Pool (taking into 
account any Top-Up Assets and/or Liquid Assets in excess of the Exposure Assets Limit 
pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement for the purposes of complying with the 
Nominal Value Test and including the payments of any nature expected to be paid or received 
by the Guarantor with respect to any Swap Agreement), net of the transaction costs to be 
borne by the Guarantor shall be higher than or equal to the net present value of all Series of 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and not cancelled or redeemed in full in 
accordance with the Conditions and their Final Terms and outstanding on the relevant 
Calculation Date (or Test Calculation Date, as the case may be). 
The Net Present Value of the Cover Pool is an amount, calculated on each Calculation Date 
(or Test Calculation Date, as the case may be), applying the following formula: 
A + B 
where: 
A 
stands for the net present value of all Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and Liquid 
Assets comprised in the Eligible Cover Pool; 
B 
stands for the net present value of each Asset Swap Agreement and Liability Swap 
Agreement. 
The Net Present Value Test will: 
(i) 
be met if A+B - C  D; or 
(ii) 
not be met if A+B- C < D. 
where, 
C 
stands for the aggregate of the Senior Payments (exclusive of any amounts credited to 
the Reserve Account and payments made or to be made under the Swap Agreements, but 
including the Expected Maintenance and Administration Costs) expected to be borne by the 
Guarantor during the period starting from the relevant Calculation Date or Test Calculation 
Date, as the case may be, and ending on the Maturity Date (or, as applicable, Extended 
Maturity Date) of the last maturing Series of Covered Bonds outstanding;  
D 
stands for net present value of all Series of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme and outstanding on the relevant Calculation Date (or Test Calculation Date, as the 
case may be). 
provided that,

--- Page 268 ---
- 258 - 
 
(i) 
items A, B and D above will be computed with reference to the Collection Period End 
Date immediately preceding the relevant Calculation Date (or Test Calculation Date, 
as applicable); 
(ii) 
for the purpose of the computation of the item A above, the net present value of the 
Mortgage Loans shall include the net present value with reference to the relevant 
Valuation Date (excluded) of any Subsequent Portfolio sold after the Collection 
Period End Date and prior to the relevant Calculation Date (or Test Calculation Date, 
as the case may be), to the extent that a Series of Covered Bonds has been issued or is 
to be issued during the same period of time and all the steps required under the 
Master Assets Purchase Agreement for the purposes of the purchase of the 
Subsequent Portfolio by the Guarantor, including the notice of the purchase price of 
the Subsequent Portfolio, having been taken and the relevant notice of assignment 
having been published in the Official Gazette and registered in the companies' 
register before the relevant Issue Date; 
(iii) 
for the purpose of the computation of the item B above, the net present value of the 
Asset Swap Agreement and Liability Swap Agreement shall include the net present 
value of any new swap transaction executed by the Guarantor to hedge, respectively, 
(a) any Subsequent Portfolio taken into account in the computation of the item A 
above; and (b) any Series of Covered Bonds, issued between the Collection Period 
End Date and the relevant Calculation Date (or Test Calculation Date, as the case 
maybe), taken into account in the computation of item D above; 
(iv) 
for the purpose of the computation of the item D above, the net present value of the 
Series of Covered Bonds shall include the net present value, with reference to the 
relevant Issue Date, of the Covered Bonds issued after the Collection Period End 
Date and prior to the relevant Calculation Date (or Test Calculation Date, as the case 
may be). 
(C) 
Interest Coverage Test 
The Issuer and the Seller must ensure, and the Test Calculation Agent shall verify, that on 
each Calculation Date (or Test Calculation Date, as the case may be) prior to the occurrence 
of an Issuer Event of Default, the amount of interest and other revenues generated by the 
assets included in the Eligible Cover Pool (including also any Top-Up Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets in excess of the Exposure Assets Limit pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase 
Agreement for the purposes of complying with the Nominal Value Test and including the 
payments of any nature expected to be received by the Guarantor with respect to any Swap 
Agreement), net of the costs borne by the Guarantor (including the payments of any nature 
expected to be paid or due with respect to any Swap Agreement), shall be higher than the 
amount of interest due on all Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and not 
cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their Final Terms and the Conditions and 
outstanding on the relevant Calculation Date (or Test Calculation Date, as the case may be), 
taking into account the Swap Agreements entered into in connection with the Programme. 
The Interest Coverage Test will be considered met if, on the relevant Calculation Date or any 
following Test Calculation Date, as the case may be, the Expected Revenue Income (as 
defined below) is in an amount equal to or greater than the Expected Revenue Liability (as 
defined below), both as calculated on the relevant Calculation Date (or Test Calculation Date, 
as the case may be). 
The Expected Revenue Income is an amount calculated on each Calculation Date (or Test 
Calculation Date, as the case may be) by applying the following formula:

--- Page 269 ---
- 259 - 
 
A+B+C 
where, 
A 
stands for the aggregate of, without double counting, (i) the amount standing to the 
credit of the Interest Collection Account (ii) the Interest Balance standing to the credit of the 
Eligible Investment Account or invested in Eligible Investments, (iii) any Eligible Investment 
Revenues, subject to the Exposure Assets Limit as applicable; 
B 
stands for any payments that the Guarantor is expected to receive under any Swap 
Agreement during the relevant ICT Period; and 
C 
stands for the aggregate of Interest Instalments – relating to the Eligible Assets, the 
Top Up Assets and the Liquid Assets comprised in the Eligible Cover Pool - falling due 
during the relevant ICT Period (such interest payments to be calculated with respect to the 
applicable interest rates as of the relevant Calculation Date, or Test Calculation Date, as the 
case may be). 
The Expected Revenue Liability will be an amount calculated on each Calculation Date, (or 
Test Calculation Date, as the case may be) by applying the following formula: 
D+E+F 
where, 
D 
stands for the aggregate amount of all interest payments due under all outstanding 
Series of Covered Bonds on the Interest Payment Dates falling in the relevant ICT Period 
(such interest payments to be calculated with respect to the applicable interest rates as of the 
relevant Calculation Date (or Test Calculation Date, as the case may be); 
E 
stands for any Senior Payments (exclusive of any amounts credited to the Reserve 
Account and payments made or to be made under the Swap Agreements, but including the 
Expected Maintenance and Administration Costs) expected to be borne by the Guarantor 
during the relevant ICT Period; and 
F 
stands for any payments expected to be borne or due by the Guarantor under any 
Swap Agreement during the relevant ICT Period. 
provided that: 
(i) 
items A will be computed with reference to the Collection Period End Date 
immediately preceding the relevant Calculation Date (or Test Calculation Date, as 
applicable); 
(ii) 
for the purpose of the computation of the item C above, the Interest Instalments shall 
include any interest component of the instalments related to any Subsequent Portfolio 
sold after the Collection Period End Date and prior to the relevant Calculation Date 
(or Test Calculation Date, as the case may be), to the extent that a Series of Covered 
Bonds has been issued or is to be issued during the same period of time and all the 
steps required under the Master Assets Purchase Agreement for the purposes of the 
purchase of the Subsequent Portfolio by the Guarantor, including the notice of the 
purchase price of the Subsequent Portfolio, having been taken and the relevant notice 
of assignment having been published in the Official Gazette and registered in the 
companies' register before the relevant Issue Date;

--- Page 270 ---
- 260 - 
 
(iii) 
for the purpose of the computation of the items B and F above, payments expected to 
be, respectively, received or borne by the Guarantor shall include any payments in 
relation to any new swap transaction executed by the Guarantor to hedge, as 
applicable, (a) any Subsequent Portfolio, sold after the Collection Period End Date, 
taken into account in the computation of the item C above; and (b) any Series of 
Covered Bonds, issued between the Collection Period End Date and the relevant 
Calculation Date (or Test Calculation Date, as the case maybe), taken into account in 
the computation of item D above. 
The Interest Coverage Test will: 
(i) 
be met if A+B+C  D+E+F; or 
(ii) 
not be met if A+B+C < D+E+F. 
ICT Period means the period from a Calculation Date (or Test Calculation Date, as the case 
may be) to the Maturity Date (or, as applicable, Extended Maturity Date) of the last maturing 
Series of Covered Bonds outstanding. 
Interest Balance: means (a) with reference to the Eligible Investment Account, the portion of 
the balance standing to the credit of the Eligible Investment Account made up by cash 
transferred from the Interest Collection Account and not invested in Eligible Investments; (b) 
with reference to the Eligible Investments, the interest amount credited into the Eligible 
Investment Account from the Interest Collection Account and invested into Eligible 
Investments. 
Eligible Investment Revenues: means all interest amounts received from the Eligible 
Investments. 
Amortisation Test 
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, following the occurrence of an 
Issuer Event of Default, and the service of an Issuer Event of Default Notice (but prior to the 
service of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event 
of Default) the Guarantor will ensure that on each Calculation Date the Amortisation Test 
Aggregate Loan Amount is equal to or higher than the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds. 
The Amortisation Test is intended to ensure that, following an Issuer Event of Default and the 
service of an Issuer Event of Default Notice on the Issuer and on the Guarantor (but prior to 
service on the Guarantor of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice), the Cover Pool contains 
sufficient assets to enable the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Guarantee. If the 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount is less than the Outstanding Principal Amount of 
the issued Covered Bonds, then the Amortisation Test will be deemed to be breached and a 
Guarantor Event of Default Notice will be served by the Representative of the Bondholders 
on the Guarantor causing the acceleration of the Covered Bonds and a demand for 
enforcement of the Guarantee. The Test Calculation Agent, whilst Covered Bonds are 
outstanding, will immediately notify the Representative of the Bondholders of any breach of 
the Amortisation Test. Following a Guarantor Event of Default Notice, the Guarantor will be 
required to make payments in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments. 
The Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount will be calculated on each Calculation 
Date as follows: 
A + B + C – Z – H

--- Page 271 ---
- 261 - 
 
where, 
A 
stands for the aggregate Amortisation Test Outstanding Principal Balance of each 
Mortgage Loan, which shall be the lower of: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan as calculated on the 
relevant Calculation Date; and  
(ii) 
the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan multiplied by M, 
where  
(a) 
for all Residential Mortgage Loans that are neither Defaulted Receivables nor 
Delinquent Mortgage Receivables, M = 0.80; 
(b) 
for all Residential Mortgage Loans that are Delinquent Mortgage 
Receivables, M = 0.60; 
(c) 
for all Commercial Mortgage Loans that are neither Defaulted Receivables 
nor Delinquent Mortgage Receivables, M = 0.60;  
(d) 
for all Commercial Mortgage Loans that are Delinquent Mortgage 
Receivables, M = 0.45; and 
(e) 
for all Mortgage Loans that are Defaulted Receivables M = 0; 
B 
stands for the aggregate, without duplication, of (i) the amount standing to the credit 
of the Principal Collection Account (ii) the Principal Balance standing to the credit of the 
Eligible Investment Account or invested in Eligible Investments and (iii) the principal amount 
of any Top-Up Assets and Liquid Assets qualifying as Eligible Investment up to the Exposure 
Assets Limit, as applicable ; 
C 
stands for the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Eligible Assets other 
than Mortgage Loans provided that any such amount may be given limited weight from time 
to time;  
Z 
stands for the Weighted Average Remaining Maturity of all Covered Bonds 
(expressed in years) then outstanding multiplied by the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Amount of the Covered Bonds then outstanding multiplied by the Negative Carry Factor; and 
H 
stands for the aggregate amount of the principal instalments of each Mortgage Loan 
which have been deferred in accordance with a Payment Holiday. 
provided that, item A, B, C, and H above will be computed with reference to the Collection 
Period End Date immediately preceding the relevant Calculation Date. 
Breach of Tests 
If the Test Calculation Agent determines that any of the Tests is not met according to the respective 
formulas, then such event shall constitute a breach of the relevant Tests. 
During the period starting on the date on which the breach of any of the Mandatory Tests is notified 
by the Test Calculation Agent and ending on the immediately following Test Calculation Date (the 
Test Grace Period) the Guarantor would have to:

--- Page 272 ---
- 262 - 
 
(a) 
purchase Subsequent Portfolios from the Seller in accordance with the Master Assets 
Purchase Agreement (or the relevant transfer agreement); and/or 
(b) 
purchase, or invest in, Top-Up Assets, Liquid Assets or other Eligible Assets, 
in each case in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure, also taking into account the information 
provided by the Test Calculation Agent in its Test Performance Report, that as of the subsequent Test 
Calculation Date, falling at the end of the Test Grace Period, all Mandatory Tests are satisfied with 
respect to the Cover Pool. 
Failure to remedy Tests 
If the relevant breach of Mandatory Tests has not been remedied on or prior to the end of the 
applicable Test Grace Period and if the Amortisation Test is breached, in accordance with the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement, the Representative of the Bondholders, shall deliver, as the case may 
be: 
(a) 
a Breach of Test Notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor; or 
(b) 
an Issuer Event of Default Notice, if a Breach of Test Notice has already been served and the 
breach has not been cured within the relevant Test Remedy Period; or 
(c) 
a Guarantor Event of Default Notice, if an Issuer Event of Default Notice has already been 
served. 
Upon receipt of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice, the Guarantor shall dispose of the assets 
included in the Cover Pool, in accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
The Liquidity Buffer Target Amount 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement and in accordance with, and pursuant to, article 
7-duodecies of Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations, for so long as the Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding, the Issuer shall procure on a continuing basis and on each Calculation Date, that the 
amount of Liquid Assets is equal to or higher than the maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow of 
the Programme over the next 180 days.  
In accordance with article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter c), of Law 130, the Liquid Assets shall be 
considered to contribute to the Cover Pool, provided that such liquid assets satisfy the requirements to 
qualify as eligible assets set forth in article 7-novies, paragraph 1, letter a), of Law 130. 
The Test Calculation Agent shall verify – on the basis of the information made available to it in 
accordance with the Transaction Documents – that the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is met on each 
Calculation Date. For the avoidance of doubt all verifications made by the Test Calculation Agent will 
be based on the information provided by the Issuer, the Servicer, the Seller, the Account Bank and the 
Principal Paying Agent as at the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
If, on any Calculation Date the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is not reached, the Test Calculation 
Agent shall send a written notice within 7 Business Days, to the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Bondholders and the Asset Monitor.  
If the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is not reached in accordance with the provisions of the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement, the Issuer shall, upon receipt of the notice given pursuant to the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement, as soon as possible: 
(i) 
sell Liquid Assets to the Guarantor in accordance with the Master Assets Purchase

--- Page 273 ---
- 263 - 
 
Agreement and, to this extent, shall grant the funds necessary for payment of the 
purchase price of the assets to the Guarantor in accordance with the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement; and/or 
(ii) 
repurchase assets by exercising the call option provided for under the Master Assets 
Purchase Agreement in accordance with, and subject to the terms, set out therein, 
in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is reached as 
soon as practicable. 
If the breach of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is not remedied, the Issuer shall not issue further 
series of Covered Bonds compliant with Law 130 and the EU Directive on Covered Bonds.  
Exposure Assets Limit 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Test Calculation Agent shall verify – on the 
basis of the information made available to it in accordance with the Programme Documents – that the 
Exposure Assets Limit has been correctly computed within the calculation of the Mandatory Test on 
each Test Calculation Date and on any other date on which the verification of the Exposure Assets 
Limit is required pursuant to the Programme Documents. For the avoidance of doubt such calculation 
is performed with respect to the Portfolio as at the end of the immediately preceding Collection 
Period. 
If, on any date until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Exposure Assets Limit is not 
correctly computed, the Test Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Issuer, the Seller, the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders and the Asset Monitor of such breach (sending a 
new Test Performance Report with such amount correctly computed). In addition, upon indication of 
the Issuer: 
(i) the Seller shall sell or procure to sell, as soon as possible upon receipt of the notice given 
pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement, sufficient Eligible Assets, Top-Up 
Assets or Liquid Assets (other than cash deposits) to the Guarantor in accordance with the 
Master Assets Purchase Agreement and, to this extent, the Guarantor shall use the “Fondi 
Disponibili in Conto Capitale” for the payment of the purchase price of the assets; and/or 
(ii) the Guarantor shall reimburse the Subordinated Loan in accordance with the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement and the other Programme Documents; and/or 
(iii) upon instructions of the Guarantor, the Account Bank shall invest part of the Liquid Assets 
in excess of the Exposure Assets Limit in securities eligible under article 129, paragraph 1, 
letters (a) and (b), of CRR,  
in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Exposure Assets Limit is complied with as soon 
as practicable and in any event within one month following the delivery of the notice referred under 
the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
After the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and if the Amortisation Test is not breached, if the 
Exposure Assets Limit is not complied with, the Test Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Issuer 
and the Representative of the Bondholders, acting upon instructions of the Covered Bondholders and 
on the basis of the Test Performance Report, shall give instructions to the Account Bank to invest all 
or part of the amounts standing on the Eligible Investments Account in Liquid Assets in form of 
securities eligible under Article 129 paragraph 1, (a) and (b) of CRR. 
Minimum OC Requirement

--- Page 274 ---
- 264 - 
 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default and service of an Issuer Event of Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor (but prior to 
the service on the Guarantor of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice), the Test Calculation Agent shall 
verify (in addition to the Amortisation Test being met) that the Minimum OC Requirement is met on 
each Calculation Date or Test Calculation Date, as applicable. 
If, on any Calculation Date or Test Calculation Date, as applicable, or on any other date on which the 
verification of Minimum OC Requirement is required pursuant to the Programme Documents, the 
Minimum OC Requirement is not reached, the Test Calculation Agent shall send a written notice 
within 7 Business Days, to the Servicer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders and the 
Asset Monitor. 
If the Minimum OC Requirement is not reached in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement, then the Guarantor, acting upon instructions of the Representative of the 
Bondholders (who shall act upon instructions of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders), shall: 
(i) 
give instructions to the Account Bank to invest all or part of the amounts standing to the Eligible 
Investments Account in Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and/or Liquid Assets in form of 
securities eligible under Article 129 paragraph 1, (a) and (b), of the CRR and/or; 
(ii) instruct the Portfolio Manager to sell a sufficient amount of non eligible assets necessary to reach 
the Minimum OC Requirement. 
Swap Agreements  
Covered Bond Swap Agreements 
To mitigate against interest rate, basis risk, currency and/or other risks in respect of each Series of 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, the Guarantor may enter into one or more Covered 
Bond Swap Agreements with one or more Covered Bond Swap Providers in respect of each Series of 
Covered Bonds. In the event that the rating(s) of the Covered Bond Swap Provider fall below a 
specified ratings level, each Covered Bond Swap Provider(s) will be required to take certain remedial 
action. 
For further details, see section "Description of the Programme Documents - Covered Bond Swap 
Agreements" above. 
Asset Swap Agreements 
Some of the Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool purchased by the Guarantor from time to time will 
pay a variable rate of interest, either capped or not capped, and other Mortgage Loans will pay a fixed 
rate of interest. The Guarantor may enter into one or more Asset Swap Agreements with one or more 
Asset Swap Providers to mitigate variations between the rate of interest it receives on Mortgage Loans 
in the Cover Pool and Euribor with a certain designated maturity. In the event that the rating(s) of an 
Asset Swap Provider fall below a specified ratings level, each Asset Swap Provider(s) will be required 
to take certain remedial action. 
For further details, see section "Description of the Programme Documents - Asset Swap Agreements" 
above. 
Reserve Account and Reserve Amount 
The Reserve Account is held in the name of the Guarantor for the deposit of the Reserve Amount 
which will be built up by the Issuer on the first Guarantor Payment Date by crediting any Reserve

--- Page 275 ---
- 265 - 
 
Amount up to the Required Reserve Amount. If the Reserve Amount has been used, the Reserve 
Account shall be replenished up to the Required Reserve Amount on each Guarantor Payment Date in 
accordance with the Priority of Payments. 
The Reserve Amount will be used on each Guarantor Payment Date, together with the other 
Guarantor Available Funds to make the payments required up to item (Fifth) under the Pre-Issuer 
Default Priority of Payments, to the extent that the Guarantor Available Funds are not sufficient to 
make the relevant payments on such Guarantor Payment Date. 
Cash Reserve Commingling Account and Potential Commingling Amount 
In accordance with the provisions set forth under the Programme Documents, upon loss by the 
Servicer of the Servicer Minimum Rating, the Servicer shall deposit the Potential Commingling 
Amount on the Cash Reserve Commingling Account, held in the name of the Guarantor with the Cash 
Reserve Commingling Account Bank. The Potential Commingling Amount shall not be withdrawn 
save that it will be used only in case of failure by the Servicer to transfer the Collections pursuant to 
the Servicing Agreement. 
The Guarantor has created in favour of the Representative of the Bondholders a Security Interest in 
respect of the amount standing to the credit of the Cash Reserve Commingling Account.

--- Page 276 ---
- 266 - 
 
CASHFLOWS  
As described above under section entitled "Credit Structure", until an Issuer Event of Default Notice 
is served on the Issuer and the Guarantor, the Covered Bonds will be obligations of the Issuer only. 
The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds, whether or not it has received 
any corresponding payment from the Guarantor. 
This section summarises the cashflows of the Guarantor only, as to the allocation and distribution of 
amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts and their order of priority (all such orders of priority, 
the Priority of Payments) (a) prior to an Issuer Event of Default and a Guarantor Event of Default, 
(b) following an Issuer Event of Default (but prior to a Guarantor Event of Default) and (c) following 
a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Definitions 
For the purposes hereof the Guarantor Available Funds are constituted by the Interest Available Funds 
and the Principal Available Funds, which will be calculated by Calculation Agent on each Calculation 
Date. 
Interest Available Funds means in respect of any Calculation Date, the aggregate of: 
(i) 
any interest amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited into 
the Interest Collection Account in respect of the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(ii) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest received by the Servicer and credited to the Interest 
Collection Account in respect of the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(iii) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and credited into 
the Accounts in respect of the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(iv) 
any amounts credited to the Reserve Account as at the immediately preceding Guarantor 
Payment Date; 
(v) 
all Eligible Investment Revenues in respect of the Eligible Investments made with reference 
to the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(vi) 
any amounts (excluding any principal payment) received or to be received under the Asset 
Swap Agreement(s) other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts with reference to the 
immediately following Asset Swap Payment Date; 
(vii) 
any amounts (excluding any principal payment) received or to be received under the Covered 
Bond Swap Agreements other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts with reference to 
the immediately following Covered Bond Swap Payment Date; 
(viii) 
any swap termination payments (excluding any principal payment) received or to be received 
from a replacement Swap Provider under a Swap Agreement in the event of a termination of a 
Swap Agreement between the Guarantor and the relevant Swap Provider with reference to the 
immediately following Guarantor Payment Date; 
(ix) 
all interest amounts received from the Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Assets 
Purchase Agreement and credited to the Interest Collection Account in respect of the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(x) 
any amounts to be paid as Interest Shortfall Amount out of item (First) of the Pre-Issuer 
Default Principal Priority of Payments on the immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment

--- Page 277 ---
- 267 - 
 
Date; 
(xi) 
any revenue amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the 
Interest Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the Programme 
Documents during the immediately preceding Collection Period; and 
(xii) 
interest amount recovered from the Issuer after the enforcement of the Guarantee during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period. 
Principal Available Funds means in respect of any Calculation Date, the aggregate of, without 
duplication: 
(i) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited to the 
Principal Collection Account of the Guarantor in respect of the immediately preceding 
Collection Period; 
(ii) 
all other recoveries in respect of principal received by the Servicer and credited to the 
Principal Collection Account of the Guarantor in respect of the immediately preceding 
Collection Period; 
(iii) 
all principal amounts received by the Guarantor from the Seller pursuant to the Master Assets 
Purchase Agreement and credited to the Principal Collection Account in respect of the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(iv) 
the principal proceeds of any disposal of Assets or Liquid Assets and any disinvestment of 
Assets or Eligible Investments made in respect of the immediately preceding Collection 
Period; 
(v) 
all amounts in respect of principal (if any) received or to be received under any Asset Swap 
Agreements (other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts) with reference to the 
immediately following Asset Swap Payment Date; 
(vi) 
all amounts in respect of principal (if any) received or to be received under any Covered Bond 
Swap Agreements (other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts) with reference to the 
immediately following Covered Bond Swap Payment Date; 
(vii) 
any swap termination payments (excluding any interest payment) received or to be received 
from a replacement Swap Provider under a Swap Agreement in the event of a termination of a 
Swap Agreement between the Guarantor and the relevant Swap Provider with reference to the 
immediately following Guarantor Payment Date; 
(viii) 
any amounts to be paid out of item Seventh of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of 
Payments on the immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment Date; 
(ix) 
any other principal amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts as of the immediately 
preceding Collection Period End Date; 
(x) 
any principal amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the 
Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the Programme 
Documents during the immediately preceding Collection Period;  
(xi) 
principal amount recovered from the Issuer after the enforcement of the Guarantee during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period;

--- Page 278 ---
- 268 - 
 
(xii) 
following an Issuer Event of Default Notice, and before a Guarantor Event of Default Notice, 
all principal amounts standing to the credit of the Eligible Investment Account as at the 
relevant Calculation Date. 
Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments 
Prior to service of an Issuer Event of Default Notice on the Guarantor and the Issuer and service of a 
Guarantor Event of Default Notice on the Guarantor, the Interest Available Funds shall be applied on 
each Guarantor Payment Date in making the following payments and provisions in the following 
order of priority (in each case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority have been 
made in full): 
(i) 
(First), (a) to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
Expenses of the Guarantor (to the extent that amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses 
Account have been insufficient to pay such amounts) and (b) to credit to the Expenses 
Account such an amount as will bring the balance of such account up to (but not in excess of) 
the Retention Amount; 
(ii) 
(Second), to pay any amount due and payable to the Representative of the Bondholders; 
(iii) 
(Third), to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
amount due and payable to the Servicer, the Back-up Servicer (if any), the Account Bank, the 
Test Calculation Agent, the Investment Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor 
Corporate Servicer and the Cash Reserve Commingling Account Bank; 
(iv) 
(Fourth), to pay, pari passu and pro rata any interest amounts due to the relevant Asset Swap 
Provider (including any termination payments due and payable by the Guarantor other than 
any Excluded Swap Termination Amounts); 
(v) 
(Fifth), to pay, pari passu and pro rata any interest amounts due to the Covered Bond Swap 
Provider(s) (including any termination payments due and payable by the Guarantor other than 
any Excluded Swap Termination Amounts);  
(vi) 
(Sixth), to credit to the Reserve Account an amount required to ensure that the Reserve 
Amount is funded up to the Required Reserve Amount, as calculated on the immediately 
preceding Calculation Date; 
(vii) 
(Seventh), to apply to the Principal Available Funds an amount equal to the Interest Shortfall 
Amount, if any, allocated on any preceding Guarantor Payment Date under item (First) of the 
Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments and not already repaid; 
(viii) 
(Eighth), to pay any Base Interest due and payable to the Subordinated Loan Provider 
pursuant to the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement, provided that no Segregation 
Event has occurred and is continuing, in accordance with the terms of the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement; 
(ix) 
(Ninth), to pay pari passu and pro rata in accordance with the respective amounts thereof any 
Excluded Swap Termination Amounts; 
(x) 
(Tenth), to pay to the Issuer any amount due and payable under the Programme Documents, to 
the extent not already paid or payable under other items of this Pre-Issuer Default Interest 
Priority of Payments; 
(xi) 
(Eleventh), to pay pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof any 
Premium on the Subordinated Loan, provided that no Segregation Event has occurred and is

--- Page 279 ---
- 269 - 
 
continuing, in accordance with the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments 
Prior to the service of an Issuer Event of Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor and service of 
a Guarantor Event of Default Notice on the Guarantor, all the Principal Available Funds shall be 
applied or on behalf of the Guarantor on each Guarantor Payment Date in making the following 
payments and provisions in the following order of priority (in each case only if and to the extent that 
payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
(First), to pay any amount payable as Interest Shortfall Amount on the same Guarantor 
Payment Date; 
(ii) 
(Second), unless a Segregation Event has occurred and is continuing, to pay the purchase 
price of any Subsequent Portfolios and/or Top-Up Assets and/or Liquid Assets and/or other 
Eligible Assets (other than those funded through the proceeds of a Subordinated Loan), in 
accordance with the provisions of the Master Assets Purchase Agreement; 
(iii) 
(Third), to pay any principal amounts due or to become due and payable to the relevant Asset 
Swap Provider pari passu and pro rata in respect of each relevant Swap Agreement; 
(iv) 
(Fourth), to pay any principal amounts due or to become due and payable to the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Provider pari passu and pro rata in respect of each relevant Swap 
Agreement; 
(v) 
(Fifth), to credit into the Payments Account any amounts necessary in order to ensure 
compliance with the Tests and into the Eligible Investments Account any amounts necessary 
in order to ensure compliance with the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount; 
(vi) 
(Sixth) unless a Segregation Event has occurred and is continuing, to pay to the Subordinated 
Loan Provider any principal amount outstanding under the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments 
Following the delivery of an Issuer Event of Default Notice upon occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default, the Guarantor Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date in making 
the following payments and provisions in the following order of priority (in each case only if and to 
the extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
(First), (a) to pay, pari passu and pro rata, any Expenses (to the extent that amounts standing 
to the credit of the Expenses Account have been insufficient to pay such amounts) and (b) to 
credit to the Expenses Account such an amount as will bring the balance of such account up 
to (but not in excess of) the Retention Amount; 
(ii) 
(Second), to pay any amount due and payable to the Representative of the Bondholders; 
(iii) 
(Third), to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
amount due and payable to the Servicer, the Back-up Servicer (if any), the Account Bank, the 
Test Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Investment Manager, the Guarantor 
Corporate Servicer, the Asset Monitor, the Principal Paying Agent, the Listing Agent(s) (if 
any), the Portfolio Manager, the Cash Reserve Commingling Account Bank and any other 
paying agent (if any); 
(iv) 
(Fourth), to pay (or to provision, as the case may be), pari passu and pro rata according to 
the respective amounts thereof (A) any interest amount due to the Asset Swap Providers, pari

--- Page 280 ---
- 270 - 
 
passu and pro rata in respect of each relevant Asset Swap Agreement (including any 
termination payment due and payable by the Guarantor other than any Excluded Swap 
Termination Amounts); (B) any interest amounts due to the Covered Bond Swap Providers, 
pari passu and pro rata in respect of each relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement 
(including any termination payments due and payable by the Guarantor other than any 
Excluded Swap Termination Amounts); and (C) any interest due and payable on such 
Guarantor Payment Date (or that will become due and payable during the period to the 
immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment Date) under the Guarantee in respect of each 
Series of Covered Bonds pari passu and pro rata in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
(Fifth), to pay, (or to provision, as the case may be) pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof (A) any amounts in respect of principal due or to become due and 
payable to the relevant Swap Provider pari passu and pro rata in respect of each relevant 
Swap Agreement (including any termination payment due and payable by the Guarantor 
under the relevant Swap Agreement, other than any Excluded Swap Termination Amount) 
and (B) any principal amounts due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date (or that will 
become due and payable during the period to the immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment 
Date) under the Guarantee in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds, pari passu and pro 
rata in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds; 
(vi) 
(Sixth),  to credit the Eligible Investments Account with an amount equal to the difference 
between (i) the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and (ii) the aggregate of the amounts 
standing to the credit of the Eligible Investments Account and the nominal value of Liquid 
Assets which have not matured on or prior to such Guarantor Payment Date;  
(vii) 
(Seventh), until each Series of Covered Bonds has been fully repaid or repayment in full of 
the Covered Bonds has been provided for (such that the Required Redemption Amount has 
been accumulated in respect of each outstanding Series of Covered Bonds), to credit, or make 
provision for, any remaining amounts to the Payments Account; 
(viii) 
 (Eighth), to pay pari passu and pro rata, any Excluded Swap Termination Amount due and 
payable by the Guarantor; 
(ix) 
(Ninth), to pay to the Issuer any amount due and payable under the Programme Documents, to 
the extent not already paid or payable under other items of this Post-Issuer Default Priority of 
Payments; 
(x) 
(Tenth), to pay the purchase price of any Subsequent Portfolios and/or Top-Up Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets and/or other Eligible Assets (other than those funded through the proceeds of a 
Subordinated Loan); 
(xi) 
(Eleventh), to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
Base Interest due to the Subordinated Loan Provider under the relevant Subordinated Loan, in 
accordance with the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement; 
(xii) 
(Twelfth), to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
principal amount to the Subordinated Loan Provider under the relevant Subordinated Loan, in 
accordance with the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement; 
(xiii) 
(Thirteenth), to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
Premium on the Subordinated Loan, in accordance with the terms of the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. 
Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments

--- Page 281 ---
- 271 - 
 
Following the delivery of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice upon occurrence of a Guarantor Event 
of Default, the Guarantor Available Funds shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date, in 
making the following payments and provisions in the following order of priority (in each case only if 
and to the extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
(First), to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
Expenses (to the extent that amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses Account have 
been insufficient to pay such amounts); 
(ii) 
(Second), to pay any amount due and payable to the Representative of the Bondholders; 
(iii) 
(Third), to pay, (or to provision, as the case may be) pari passu and pro rata according to the 
relevant amounts thereof, (i) any amounts due and payable to the Servicer, the Back-up 
Servicer (if any), the Account Bank, the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer, 
the Asset Monitor, the Investment Manager, the Principal Paying Agent, the Listing Agent(s) 
(if any), the Portfolio Manager, the Test Calculation Agent, the Cash Reserve Commingling 
Account Bank and any other paying agent (if any); (ii) any amounts due to the Covered Bond 
Swap Providers and the Asset Swap Providers and any other Swap Provider(s) (if any) (other 
than any Excluded Swap Termination Amount); and (iii) any amounts due (or that will 
become due and payable during the period to the immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment 
Date) under the Guarantee in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds; 
(iv) 
(Fourth), to pay pari passu and pro rata, any Excluded Swap Termination Amount due and 
payable by the Guarantor; 
(v) 
(Fifth), to pay to the Issuer any other amount due and payable under the Programme 
Documents, to the extent not already paid or payable under other items of this Post-
enforcement Priority of Payments; 
(vi) 
(Sixth), to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any Base 
Interest due to the Subordinated Loan Provider under the relevant Subordinated Loan, in 
accordance with the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement ; 
(vii) 
(Seventh), to pay pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
principal amount to the Subordinated Loan Provider under the relevant Subordinated Loan, in 
accordance with the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement; 
(viii) 
(Eighth) to pay pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
Premium on the Subordinated Loan, in accordance with the terms of the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement.

--- Page 282 ---
- 272 - 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL  
The Cover Pool is and will be comprised of (i) Mortgage Receivables transferred pursuant to the 
Master Assets Purchase Agreement, (ii) any other Top-Up Assets and (iii) Liquid Assets.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Portfolio consists of Mortgage Loans transferred by the 
Seller to the Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the Master Assets Purchase Agreement, as 
more fully described under section entitled “Overview Of The Programme Documents - Master Loans 
Purchase Agreements”.  
The statistical data referred to the Portfolio compiled with information provided by the Seller in 
connection with the acquisition of the Receivables by the Guarantor are included in the following 
table. 
Statistical information Portfolio (as at 30 September 2024)  
Outstanding Principal Balance                                                                            € 4,302,093,618.52 
Original Principal Balance                                                                                  € 7,082,602,110.1 
 
Average Outstanding Principal Balance                                                              € 77,138.54 
Maximum Outstanding Principal Balance                                                           € 5,198,666.47 
 
Average Original Principal Balance                                                                    € 126,994.35 
Maximum Original Principal Balance                                                                 € 6,000,000.00 
 
Number of Mortgage Loans                                                                                    55,771.00 
Weighted average seasoning (months)                                                                    73.68 
Weighted average residual term (months)                                                               181 
Weighted average Original loan to value                                                                55.79% 
Weighted average Current loan to value                                                                 46.22% 
Weighted average current interest rate                                                                    2.30% 
Eligibility Criteria 
The sale of Mortgage Loans and their related Security Interest and the transfer of any other Eligible 
Assets, Liquid Assets and Top-Up Asset to the Guarantor will be subject to various conditions (the 
Eligibility Criteria) being satisfied on the relevant Cut-off Date (except as otherwise indicated). The 
Eligibility Criteria with respect to each asset type will vary from time to time but will at all times 
include criteria so that both Italian law and Rating Agencies requirements are met. Under the Master 
Assets Purchase Agreement the Seller and the Guarantor have agreed that each Subsequent Portfolio 
will be selected on the basis of the common criteria (the Common Criteria) for the Mortgage 
Receivables and/or the criteria for the Public Entities Securities or the Public Entities Receivables and 
of any of the specific criteria for the Subsequent Portfolios (Specific Criteria for the Subsequent

--- Page 283 ---
- 273 - 
 
Portfolios) which may from time to time be selected as applicable by the Seller in relation to each 
Subsequent Portfolio and, where necessary, on the basis of any further criteria which may be indicated 
by the Seller provided that it is not conflicting with the Common Criteria and the Specific Criteria 
for the Subsequent Portfolios (the Further Criteria). 
Common Criteria for the Mortgage Receivables 
Receivables arising from Mortgage Loans: 
(1) 
which are residential mortgage receivables (i) with a risk weight not higher than 35% and in 
respect of which the relevant amount outstanding added to the principal amount outstanding 
of any preceding higher ranking mortgage loans secured by the same property, does not 
exceed 80 per cent of the value of the property, in accordance with article 129, paragraph 1(d) 
of CRR and which are secured by mortgages on residential properties used, intended to be 
used, leased or to be leased by the owner or (ii) which are commercial mortgage receivables 
with a risk weight not higher than 50% and in respect of which the relevant amount 
outstanding added to the principal amount outstanding of any preceding higher ranking 
mortgage loans secured by the same property, does not exceed 60% of the value of the 
property, in accordance with article 129, paragraph 1(f) of CRR and which are used for 
offices, commerce or other productive activities; 
(2) 
that do not benefit from any form of financial subsidy (agevolazione), or that have not been 
entered into pursuant to any law or legislation providing for financial subsidies (mutui 
agevolati), public contributions of any kind, law rebates, maximum contractual limits to 
interest rate and / or other provisions granting subsidies or reductions to the relevant debtors, 
third party mortgage guarantors or other guarantors with respect to capital and / or interest; 
(3) 
in respect of which the relevant Debtor agreed a fixed rate interest, a floating rate interest, a 
mixed interest rate or an optional interest rate; 
(4) 
that are not consumer loans (crediti al consumo); 
(5) 
that are not a mutuo agrario pursuant to Articles 43, 44 and 45 of the Consolidated Banking 
Act; 
(6) 
that are secured by a mortgage created over real estate assets in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations and are located in the Republic of Italy; 
(7) 
the payment of which is secured by a first ranking mortgage (ipoteca di primo grado 
economico) such term meaning (i) a first ranking mortgage or (ii) (A) a second or subsequent 
ranking priority mortgage in respect of which the lender secured by the first ranking priority 
mortgage is Credem and with respect to which the obligations secured by the mortgage(s) 
ranking prior to such second or subsequent mortgage have been fully satisfied, or (B) a 
second or subsequent ranking priority mortgage in respect of which the obligations secured by 
the mortgage(s) ranking prior to such second or subsequent mortgage have been fully satisfied 
and the relevant lender has given formally its consent to the cancellation of such ranking 
priority mortgage, or (C) a second or subsequent ranking priority mortgage in respect of 
which the lender secured by the mortgage(s) ranking prior to such second or subsequent 
mortgage is Credem (even if the obligations secured by such ranking priority mortgage(s) 
have not been fully satisfied) and the receivables secured by such second or subsequent 
ranking priority mortgage(s) arise from loans meeting the Common Criteria; 
(8) 
in respect of which the hardening period (periodo di consolidamento) applicable to the 
relevant mortgage has expired and the relevant mortgage is not capable of being challenged 
pursuant to Article 67 of the Bankruptcy Law and Article 166 of the Italian Insolvency Code

--- Page 284 ---
- 274 - 
 
andof Article 39, fourth paragraph of the Consolidated Banking Act; 
(9) 
that are fully disbursed and in relation to which there is no obligation or possibility to make 
additional disbursements; 
(10) 
for which at least an instalment inclusive of the amount due as principal has been paid before 
the Cut-off Date; 
(11) 
which provide for payment by wire to the bank account, payment against notice (MAV) or 
payment by other directly bank account transfers (RID); 
(12) 
that, as of the Cut-off Date, did not have any instalment pending for more than the relevant 
"exemption period" (periodo di franchigia), and in respect of which all other previous 
instalments falling due before the Cut-Off Date have been fully paid; 
(13) 
that are governed by Italian law; 
(14) 
denominated in Euro (or which do not contain any provision allowing the conversion thereof 
in a different currency); 
(15) 
in respect of which the net income of the relevant Mortgage Loan Agreements has been 
granted in whole or in part for the purpose of purchasing, restructuring or constructing a Real 
Estate Asset, or for the purpose of refinancing an existing loan granted by other banks; 
(16) 
which are loans granted or acquired solely by the Seller; 
(17) 
which do not include any clauses limiting the possibility for the Seller to assign the 
receivables arising thereunder or where providing the Debtor’s consent for such assignment 
and the Seller has obtained such consent; 
(18) 
which provide for the payment by the Debtor of instalments on a monthly, quarterly or semi-
annual basis; 
(19) 
which are not classified as  non-performing exposures ("esposizioni creditizie deteriorate") in 
accordance with the Bank of Italy’s Circular No. 272 of 30 July 2008 “Matrice dei Conti” as 
amended and supplemented from time to time;  
(20) 
that have not been granted individually or in co-ownership (“cointestazione”) to directors 
and/or employees (including, without limitation, officers or directors) of Credem or any other 
company of the Credem Group; 
(21) 
which do not arise from Mortgage Loan Agreements that, on the relevant Cut-off Date, are 
subject to suspension of payments provided under the convention executed on 18 December 
2009 between the Italian Banking Association ("Associazione Bancaria Italiana") and the 
major consumer associations (the "Piano Famiglie"), the Decree No. 39 of 28 April 2009 
converted into the Law No. 77 of 24 June 2009 (the Abruzzo Decree) and / or any other 
applicable law or regulation; 
(22) 
which have not been disbursed to Public Entities, public consortia (consorzi pubblici) or 
ecclesiastical bodies (enti ecclesiastici). 
Criteria for Public Entities Securities  
Pursuant to the Covered Bond Regulations, all securities which, regardless of (but not limited to) the 
maturity, coupon payment frequency, currency or instalment repayment method, comply with the

--- Page 285 ---
- 275 - 
 
characteristics set out in article 129, paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b) of CRR may be included in the 
Portfolio. 
The above characteristics may be subject to change in accordance with any subsequent amendments 
or additions to the Covered Bond Regulations and the CRR.  
Criteria for Public Entities Receivables  
Pursuant to the Covered Bond Regulations, all receivables which comply the characteristics set out in 
article 129, paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b) of CRR may be included in the Portfolio. 
The above characteristics may be subject to change in accordance with any subsequent amendments 
or additions to the Covered Bond Regulations and the CRR. 
Specific Criteria for the Subsequent Portfolios 
The Specific Criteria for the Subsequent Portfolios will be selected by the Seller on or about the 
relevant Cut-Off Date and will be identified among the Specific Criteria whereby only dates and 
economical features may be adjusted on the basis of the composition of the relevant Subsequent 
Portfolio. Such Specific Criteria for the Subsequent Portfolios will be listed in the relevant Transfer 
Agreement and be available at the registered office of the Issuer (in this respect please refer to section 
"General Information – Documents Available" below).

--- Page 286 ---
- 276 - 
 
THE ASSET MONITOR  
The Bank of Italy Regulations require that the Issuer appoints a qualified entity to be the asset monitor 
to carry out controls on the regularity of the transaction and the integrity of the Guarantee and, 
following the latest amendments to the Bank of Italy Regulations introduced by way of inclusion of 
the new Part III, Chapter 3 (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) in Bank of Italy’s Circular No. 285 of 
17 December 2013, the information to be provided to investors. 
Pursuant to the Bank of Italy Regulations, the asset monitor must be an independent auditor, enrolled 
with the Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministry for Economy and Finance pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 June 2012 
and shall be independent from the Issuer and any other party to the Programme and from the 
accounting firm who carries out the audit of the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Based upon controls carried out, the asset monitor shall prepare annual report, to be addressed also to 
the Statutory Auditors of the Issuer. 
Pursuant to an engagement letter dated on or about the First Issue Date as amended on 2 September 
2015, the Issuer has appointed BDO Italia S.p.A., a company incorporated under the laws of the 
Republic of Italy, having its registered office at Viale Abruzzi 94, 20131, Milan, Italy, fiscal code and  
enrolment with the companies register of Milan-Monza-Brianza_Lodi No. 07722780967; BDO Italia 
S.p.A. is included in the Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministry for Economy and Finance 
– Stage general accounting office, at No. 167911, as initial asset monitor (the Asset Monitor) in order 
to perform, with reference to the period prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and 
subject to receipt of the relevant information from the Issuer, specific agreed upon procedures 
concerning, inter alia, (i) the fulfilment of the eligibility criteria set out under article 129 of the CRR, 
Bank of Italy Regulations and article 7-novies of the Law 130 with respect to the Eligible Assets, 
Top-Up Assets and Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool; (ii) the compliance with the internal 
limits to the transfer of the Eligible Assets, the Top-Up Assets and the Liquid Assets set out under 
Article 7-novies of the Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations; (iii) the calculation performed by 
the Test Calculation Agent in respect of the Mandatory Tests, the Amortisation Test, the verification 
of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Assets Limit and the Minimum OC 
Requirement with respect to the Covered Bonds issued and the Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and 
Liquid Assets included in the Portfolios as determined in the Mandatory Tests, the Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount and Exposure Assets Limit; (iv) the segregation of the Eligible Assets included in the 
Portfolios according to article 7-octies of the Law 130; (v) the correct application and notification of 
the extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds issued as required by Article 7-terdecies of the 
Law 130; (vi) the effectiveness and adequacy of the risk protection provided by any Swap Agreement 
entered into in the context of the Programme; and (iv) the completeness, truthfulness and the timely 
delivery of the information provided to investors pursuant to the Covered Bond Regulations.  
The engagement letter is in line with the provisions of the Bank of Italy Regulations in relation to the 
reports to be prepared on an annual basis and submitted by the Asset Monitor also to the Statutory 
Auditors Board of the Issuer. 
The engagement letter provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and expenses by the 
Issuer to the Asset Monitor and the resignation of the Asset Monitor. 
The engagement letter is governed by Italian law. 
For a description of the Asset Monitor Agreement, see Section "Description of the Programme 
Documents" above.

--- Page 287 ---
- 277 - 
 
DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RELEVANT LEGISLATION IN ITALY   
The following is a general description of the Law 130 and other legislation that may be relevant to 
investors in assessing the Covered Bonds, including recent legislation affecting the rights of mortgage 
borrowers. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of the legislation described below or of the 
other considerations relating to the Covered Bonds arising from Italian laws and regulations. 
Furthermore, this overview is based on Italian legislation as in effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus, which may be subject to change, potentially with retroactive effect. This description will 
not be updated to reflect changes in laws. Accordingly, prospective Bondholders should consult their 
own advisers as to the risks arising from Italian legislation that may affect any assessment by them of 
the Covered Bonds. 
The legal framework before 31 March 2023 
Italian Law 130 of 30 April 1999 was enacted on 30 April 1999 and was conceived to simplify the 
securitisation process and to facilitate the increased used of securitisation as a financing technique in 
the Republic of Italy. 
Law Decree No. 35 of 14 March 2005, converted by Law No. 80 of 14 May 2005, amended the Law 
130 of 30 April 1999 as applicable until the entry into force of Bank of Italy Regulations by adding 
two new articles, Articles 7-bis and 7-ter, which enable banks to issue covered bonds. Articles 7-bis 
and 7-ter in view of issuing covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite), however, required both 
the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance and the Bank of Italy to issue specific regulations before 
the relevant structures could be implemented. 
The Law 130 was further amended by Law Decree No. 145 of 23 December 2013 (the Destinazione 
Italia Decree) as converted with amendments into Law n. 9 of 21 February 2014 and by Law Decree 
No. 91 of 24 June 2014 (the Decree Competitività) converted into law No. 116 of 11 August 2014, 
by law decree No. 18 of 15 February 2016 converted into law No. 49 of 8 April 2016, by law decree 
No. 50 of 24 April 2017 converted into law No. 96 of 21 June 2017, by Law No. 145 of 30 December 
2018 and by law decree No. 34 of 30 April 2019. 
The Bank of Italy published the new supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circolare 
of the Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013) which came into force on 1 January 2014, 
implementing CRD IV Package and setting out additional local prudential rules concerning matters 
not harmonised on EU level. Following the publication on 24 June 2014 of the 5th update to Circular 
of the Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013, which added a new Chapter 3 (“Obbligazioni 
bancarie garantite”) in Part III contained therein, the provisions set forth under Title V, Chapter 3 of 
Circolare No. 263 of 27 December 2006 relating to the covered bonds have been abrogated. 
The Bank of Italy Regulations introduced provisions, inter alia, setting out: 
(i) 
the capital adequacy requirements that issuing banks must satisfy in order to issue covered 
bonds and the ability of issuing banks to manage risks; 
(ii) 
limitations on the total value of eligible assets that banks, individually or as part of a group, 
may transfer as cover pools in the context of covered bond transactions; 
(iii) 
criteria to be adopted in the integration of the assets constituting the cover pools; 
(iv) 
the identification of the cases in which the integration is permitted and its limits; and 
(v) 
monitoring and surveillance requirements applicable with respect to covered bond 
transactions and the provision of information relating to the transaction.

--- Page 288 ---
- 278 - 
 
The legal framework after 31 March 2023 
On 18 December 2019, the following provisions were published on the Official Journal of the 
European Union: 
(i) Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 
2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending 
Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the “Directive”); and 
(ii) Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 
2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards exposures in the form of covered 
bonds (the “Regulation”). 
The Regulation and the Directive amended certain provisions of the CRR on covered bonds and 
introduced standards on the issuance of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision. More in 
particular, the new Regulation makes certain amendments to the CRR to strengthen the quality of the 
covered bonds eligible for favorable capital treatment, and the new Directive aims to harmonize the 
regulation and treatment of covered bonds across EU Member States. 
Pursuant to the Directive, Member States had to implement the Directive by 8 July 2021 and the 
transposing provisions shall apply from 8 July 2022 at the latest. The Regulation shall apply from 8 
July 2022. 
On 8 May 2021, the Law No. 53 of 22 April 2021 (the “European Delegated Law 2019-2020”) has 
entered into force. It delegates the Italian Government to implement – inter alia – the EU Covered 
Bond Directive. 
According to the European Delegated Law 2019-2020: 
(i) the Bank of Italy is the competent authority for the supervision on covered bonds; 
(ii) the implementing provisions shall provide for the exercise of the option granted by Article 17 
of the EU Covered Bond Directive, allowing for the issue of covered bonds with extendable 
maturity structures; and 
(iii) the implementing provisions shall grant the Bank of Italy with the power to exercise the 
option to set for covered bonds a minimum level of overcollateralization lower than the 
thresholds set out under Article 1 of the EU Covered Bond Regulation (i.e. 2% or 5% 
depending on the assets included in the cover pool). 
The Directive was transposed into the Italian legal framework by means of Legislative Decree 5 
November 2021, n. 190 (the “Decree 190/2021”) which modified Law 30 April 1999, n.130 and 
entered into force on December 1st , 2021. 
The Decree 190/2021 repealed, inter alia, articles 7-bis, 7-ter and 7-quater of Law 30 April 1999, 
n.130 (as applicable until the entry into force of the Implementing Provisions) and introduced the new 
Title I-bis of the Law 30 April 1999, n. 130, which sets out the legislative framework applicable to 
covered bonds issued as of the adoption by the Bank of Italy of new the supervisory instructions set 
out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche” dated 30 March 2023 
(Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013), as amended from time to time (the “Bank of Italy 
Regulations”). 
The Decree 190/2021 designated the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public 
supervision of the covered bonds, and entrusted it with the issuing of the implementing provisions of 
the Title I-bis of Law 130, as amended, by 8 July 2022, in accordance with article 3, paragraph 2, of

--- Page 289 ---
- 279 - 
 
Legislative Decree 190/2021 (the “Implementing Provisions”).  
In this respect, it is worth mentioning that the national legislator chose to exercise the following 
options provided by the Directive: (i) the possibility not to apply the liquidity requirement of the 
cover pool limited to the period covered by the liquidity requirement provided for in Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/61; (ii) the possibility of allowing the issuance of covered bonds with 
extendable maturity structures; (iii) the possibility of allowing the calculation of the liquidity 
requirement of the cover pool in case of programs with extendable maturity by taking as a reference 
the final maturity date for the payment of principal. 
On 30 March 2023 the Bank of Italy published the Implementing Provisions, entering into force on 31 
March 2023, and amending the Circolare 285 with regard, inter alia, to the definition of (i) the criteria 
for the assessment of the eligible assets and the conditions for including covered bonds among eligible 
assets for derivative contracts with hedging purposes; (ii) the procedures for calculating hedging 
requirements; (iii) the conditions for establishing new issuance programmes; (iv) giving the 
possibility also to banks with credit rating 3 to act as counterparties of a derivative contract with 
hedging purposes; (v) the reduction of the minimum level of over-collateralization for covered bonds 
(i.e. 2% instead of 5%), deciding not to exercise such optionality (vi) the conditions for issuing under 
already existing programme as of the date of the entry into force of the Implementing Provisions. 
In accordance with the Decree 190/2021: 
(i) until the entry into force of the Bank of Italy Instructions (i.e., 31 March 2023), covered bonds 
have been issued pursuant to article 7-bis of the Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 as applicable until the 
entry into force of the Implementing Provisions amending the Bank of Italy Regulation, the Decree of 
the Ministry of Economy and Finance of 14 December 2006, No. 310 (the “Decree No. 310”), the 
previous version of the supervisory instructions of the Bank of Italy containing the “Disposizioni di 
Vigilanza per le Banche”relating to covered bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) under Part III, 
Chapter 3, of the Circular No. 285 dated 17 December 2013 and the previous version of article 129 of 
the CRR; and 
(ii) as of the entry into force of the Implementing Provisions amending the Bank of Italy Regulations 
(i.e., 31 March 2023), covered bonds will be issued pursuant to the provisions of Title I-bis of the 
Law 130, the new Bank of Italy Regulations, as amended, and the Article 129 of the CRR, as 
amended by the EU Covered Bond Regulation.  
Basic structure of a covered bond issue 
The structure provided under Title I-bis of Law 130 with respect to the issue of covered bonds may be 
summarised as follows: 
(i) 
a bank transfers a pool of eligible assets pursuant to Law 130 and Article 129 of the CRR (i.e. 
the cover pool) to an Article 7-septies special purpose vehicle (the SPV); 
(ii) 
the bank (or a different bank) grants the SPV a subordinated loan in order to fund the payment 
by the SPV of the purchase price due for the cover pool; 
(iii) 
the bank (or a different bank) issues the covered bonds which are supported by a first demand, 
unconditional, autonomous and irrevocable guarantee issued by the SPV for the exclusive 
benefit of the holders of the covered bonds; 
(iv) 
the guarantee is backed by the entire cover pool held by the SPV and the receivables and 
securities comprised in the cover pool are segregated in favour of the bondholders, the 
hedging counterparties and the other secured creditors and to the payment of the transaction 
costs in priority to the subordinated loans granted to the SPV to fund the purchase thereof.

--- Page 290 ---
- 280 - 
 
Title I-bis of Law 130 however also allows for structures which contemplate different entities acting 
respectively as cover pool provider, subordinated loan provider and covered bonds issuer. 
The SPV 
The Italian legislator chose to implement the new legislation on covered bonds by supplementing the 
Law 130, thus basing the new structure on a well-established platform and applying to covered bonds 
many provisions with which the market is already familiar in relation to Italian securitisations. 
Accordingly, as is the case with the special purpose entities which act as issuers in Italian 
securitisation transactions, the SPV is required to be established with an exclusive corporate object 
that, in the case of covered bonds, must be the purchaser of assets eligible for cover pools and the 
person giving guarantees in the context of covered bond transactions. 
The guarantee 
According to Article 7-quaterdecies of Law 130 the guarantee issued by the SPV for the benefit of the 
bondholders must be irrevocable, first-demand, unconditional and independent from the obligations of 
the issuer of the covered bonds. Furthermore, upon the occurrence of a default by the issuer in respect 
of its payment obligations under the covered bonds, the SPV must provide for the payment of the 
amounts due under the covered bonds, in accordance with their original terms and with limited 
recourse to the amounts available to the SPV from the cover pool. The acceleration of the issuer's 
payment obligations under the covered bonds will not therefore result in a corresponding acceleration 
of the SPV's payment obligations under the guarantee (thereby preserving the maturity profile of the 
covered bonds). 
Upon an insolvency of the issuer, the SPV will be solely responsible for the payment obligations of 
the issuer owed to the Bondholders, in accordance with their original terms and with limited recourse 
to the amounts available to the SPV from the cover pool.  
In addition, the SPV will be exclusively entitled to exercise the rights of the covered bond holders vis 
à vis the issuer’s bankruptcy in accordance with the applicable bankruptcy law. Any amount 
recovered by the SPV from the bankruptcy of the issuer become part of the cover pool.  
Finally, if a moratorium is imposed on the issuer's payments, the SPV will fulfil the issuer's payment 
obligations, with respect to amounts which are due and payable and with limited recourse to the cover 
pool. The SPV will then have recourse against the issuer for any such payments. 
Segregation and subordination 
Article 7-octies of Law 130 provides that the assets comprised in the cover pool and the amounts paid 
by the debtors with respect to the receivables and/or debt securities included in the cover pool are 
exclusively designated and segregated by law for the benefit of the holders of the covered bonds, the 
hedging counterparties involved in the transaction. 
In addition, Article 7- octies of Law 130 expressly provides that the claim for reimbursement of the 
loan granted to the SPV to fund the purchase of assets in the cover pool is subordinated to the rights 
of the Bondholders and of the hedging counterparties involved in the transaction to any ancillary 
documents thereto and to the payment of the other transaction costs. 
Exemption from claw-back 
Article 7-octies of Law 130 provides that the guarantee and the subordinated loan granted to fund the 
payment by the SPV of the purchase price due for the cover pool are exempt from the bankruptcy 
claw-back provisions set out in in Article 67 of the Bankruptcy Law (Royal Decree No. 267 of 16 
March 1942) or, after the entry into force of the Italian Insolvency Code, Article 166 of the Italian

--- Page 291 ---
- 281 - 
 
Insolvency Code. 
In addition to the above, any payments made by an assigned debtor to the SPV may not be subject to 
any claw-back action according to to Article 65 and Article 67 of the Bankruptcy Law (Royal Decree 
No. 267 of 16 March 1942) or, after the entry into force of the Italian Insolvency Code, Article 166 or 
164, paragraph 1 of the Italian Insolvency Code. 
The Cover Pool 
For a description of the assets which are considered eligible for inclusion in a cover pool under Article 
7-novies of Law 130, see "Description of the Cover Pool - Eligibility Criteria". 
Tests, liquidity buffer requirement and integration limits  
Article 7-undecies of Law 130 provides that the cover pool provider and the issuer must, on a 
continuing basis, ensure that, throughout the transaction: 
• 
the aggregate nominal value of the cover pool is at least equal to the nominal amount of the 
relevant outstanding covered bonds, provided that pursuant to the CRR and the Bank of Italy 
Regulations a minimum level of overcollateralisation equal to 5% shall at all times be met; 
• 
the net present value of the cover pool (net of all the transaction costs borne by the Guarantor, 
including in relation to hedging arrangements) is at least equal to the net present value of the 
relevant outstanding covered bonds; 
• 
the interest and other revenues deriving from the cover pool (net of all the transaction costs 
borne by the Guarantor) are sufficient to cover interest and costs due by the issuer with 
respect to the relevant outstanding covered bonds, taking into account any hedging 
agreements entered into in connection with the transaction. 
It being understood that, for the calculations of the mandatory tests, the issuing bank shall comply, 
inter alia, with the following criteria: 
(i) pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter a) of the Law 130, unsecured receivables, 
in the event of a default pursuant to Article 178 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, shall not 
contribute to the calculations of the mandatory tests; 
(ii) pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter b) of the Law 130, the costs related to 
maintenance and administration for the winding-down of the covered bonds programme may 
be calculated as a lump sum; 
(iii) pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter c) of the Law 130, the liquid assets (as 
defined under Article 7-duodecies of Law 130) shall contribute to the calculations of the 
mandatory tests provided that they comply with the conditions for qualifying as eligible assets 
set out under Article 7-novies, paragraph 1, letter (a), of the Law 130; 
(iv) pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter d) of the Law 130, the calculation of the 
interest generated by the assets included in the cover pool and the interest due by the Issuer on 
the Covered Bonds outstanding shall be made on the basis of prudent criteria and criteria 
consistent with the applicable accounting principles;  
(v) pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter f) of the Law 130, the methodologies for 
the calculation of the numerator and denominator of the mandatory tests are based on criteria 
consistent with each other. 
In addition, pursuant to Article 129, paragraph 3a, of the CRR, in addition to being collateralised by

--- Page 292 ---
- 282 - 
 
the eligible assets, covered bonds shall be subject to a minimum level of 5% of overcollateralisation. 
In addition, pursuant to article 7-duodecies of Law 130 and with the Bank of Italy Regulations, the 
issuer shall ensure that, on a continuing basis, the cover pool comprises the liquid assets (as identified 
under article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letter a) and letter b), of Law 130) in an amount equal to or 
higher than the maximum cumulative net liquidity outflow (deflusso netto di liquidità) of the covered 
bond rogramme over the next 180 days. 
The liquidity buffer reserve is composed of the following liquid assets having the characteristics set 
forth in Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, of Law 130: 
a) high quality liquid assets (as identified in Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61); 
b) exposures with an original maturity of ninety days or less to credit institutions that qualify for 
credit quality steps 1 or 2 or short-term exposures to credit institutions that are classified for credit 
quality steps 1, 2 or 3 in accordance with Article 129, paragraph 1, letter (c) of the CRRIn respect of 
the above, under the Bank of Italy Regulations, strict monitoring procedures are imposed on banks for 
the monitoring of the transaction and of the adequacy of the guarantee on the cover pool. Such 
activities must be carried out both by the relevant bank and by an asset monitor, to be appointed by 
the bank, which is an independent accounting firm. The asset monitor must prepare and deliver to the 
issuing bank’s s board of auditors and the Bank of Italy, on an annual basis, a report detailing its 
monitoring activity and the relevant findings.  
The Bank of Italy Regulations require banks to carry out the monitoring activities described above at 
least every 6 months with respect to each covered bond transaction. Furthermore, the internal auditors 
of banks must comprehensively review every 12 months the monitoring activity carried out with 
respect to each covered bond transaction, basing such review, among other things, on the evaluations 
supplied by the asset monitor. 
In addition to the above, the Bank of Italy Regulations provide that the management body of the 
issuing bank must ensure that the internal structures delegated to the risk management verify at least 
every six months and for each transaction completeness, accuracy and timeliness of information 
available to investors pursuant to Section V of the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
In order to ensure that the monitoring activities above may be appropriately implemented, the Bank of 
Italy Regulations require that the entities participating in covered bond transactions be bound by 
appropriate contractual undertakings to communicate to the issuing bank, the cover pool provider and 
the entity acting as servicer in relation to the cover pool assets all the necessary information with 
respect to the cover pool assets and their performance. 
Substitution of assets 
The Bank of Italy Regulation provide that the substitution of the eligible assets comprised in the cover 
pool is permitted provided that such option is expressly provided for in the programme and in the 
issuance prospectus. 
Public disclosure 
Pursuant to Article 7-septiesdecies of the Law 130, the issuing bank shall publish, at least quarterly, 
including on its website and in accordance with the implementing provisions of the Bank of Italy, 
information on issuance programmes in order to enable investors to perform an informed assessment 
of the issuances and the associated risks.  
Section V of the Bank of Italy Regulations, which sets out the relevant information to be provided to 
the investors.

--- Page 293 ---
- 283 - 
 
Set-off risks 
The assignment of receivables under Law 130 is governed by article 58, paragraph 2, 3 and 4, of the 
Consolidated Banking Act. According to the prevailing interpretation of such provision, such 
assignment becomes enforceable against the relevant debtors as of the later of (i) the date of the 
publication of the notice of assignment in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta 
Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana), and (ii) the date of registration of the notice of assignment in the 
local Companies' Registry. Consequently, the rights of the Guarantor may be subject to the direct 
rights of the Debtors against the Issuer including rights of set-off on claims existing prior to 
notification in the Official Gazette and registration at the local companies' registry. The notification in 
the Official Gazette and the registration at the local Companies’ Registry are not capable for such 
assignment to become enforceable against Debtors which are not resident in Italy. Moreover, 
Destinazione Italia Decree introduced certain amendments to article 4 of Law 130. As a consequence 
of such amendments, it is now expressly provided by Law 130 that the Debtors cannot exercise rights 
of set-off against the Guarantor on claims arising vis-à-vis the Sellers after the publication of the 
notice of assignment in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana). 
Usury Law 
Italian Law number 108 of 7 March 1996, as amended by law decree number 70 of 13 May 2011 (the 
Usury Law) introduced legislation preventing lenders from applying interest rates equal to or higher 
than rates (the Usury Rates) set every three months on the basis of a Decree issued by the Italian 
Treasury. In addition, even where the applicable Usury Rates are not exceeded, interest and other 
advantages and/or remuneration may be held to be usurious if: (i) they are disproportionate to the 
amount lent (taking into account the specific circumstances of the transaction and the average rate 
usually applied for similar transactions) and (ii) the person who paid or agreed to pay was in financial 
and economic difficulties. The provision of usurious interest, advantages or remuneration has the 
same consequences as non-compliance with the Usury Rates. In certain judgements issued during 
2000, the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) ruled that the Usury Law applied both to loans 
advanced prior to and after the entry into force of the Usury Law.  
On 29 December 2000, the Italian Government issued Law Decree No. 394 (the Decree 394), 
converted into law by the Italian Parliament on 28 February 2001, which clarified the uncertainty 
about the interpretation of the Usury Law and provided, inter alia, that interest will be deemed to be 
usurious only if the interest rate agreed by the parties exceeded the Usury Rates at the time when the 
loan agreement or any other credit facility was entered into or the interest rate was agreed. The Decree 
394, as interpreted by the Italian Constitutional Court by decision No. 29 of 14 February 2002, also 
provided that as an extraordinary measure due to the exceptional fall in interest rates in 1998 and 
1999, interest rates due on instalments payable after 31 December 2000 on fixed rate loans (other than 
subsidised loans) already entered into on the date such decree came into force (such date being 31 
December 2000) are to be substituted with a lower interest rate set in accordance with 
parametersdetermined by the Decree 394. 
According to recent court precedents of the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione), the 
remuneration of any given financing must be below the applicable Usury Rate from time to time 
applicable. Based on this recent evolution of case law on the matter, it will constitute a breach of the 
Usury Law if the remuneration of a financing is lower than the applicable Usury Rate at the time the 
terms of the financing were agreed but becomes higher than the applicable Usury Rate at any point in 
time thereafter. However, it is worth mentioning that, by more recent decisions, the Italian Supreme 
Court has clearly stated that, in order to establish if the interest rate exceeds the Usury Rate, it has to 
be considered the interest rate agreed between the parties at the time of the signing of the financing 
agreement, regardless of the time of the payment of such interest (see, for instance, Cassazione 19 
October 2017, No 24675). In addition, several court precedents have also stated that default interest

--- Page 294 ---
- 284 - 
 
rates are relevant and must be taken into account when calculating the aggregate remuneration of any 
given financing for the purposes of determining its compliance with the applicable Usury Rate. That 
interpretation is in contradiction with the current methodology for determining the Usury Rates, 
considering that the relevant surveys aimed at calculating the applicable average rate never took into 
account the default interest rates. On 3 July 2013, also the Bank of Italy has confirmed in an official 
document that default interest rates should be taken into account for the purposes of the statutory 
Usury Rates and has acknowledged that there is a discrepancy between the methods utilised to 
determine the remuneration of any given financing (which must include default rates) and the 
applicable statutory Usury Rates against which the former must be compared. 
In addition, the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) joint sections (Sezioni Unite) (n. 19597 
dated 18 September 2020) stated that, in order to assess whether a loan complies with the Usury Law, 
also default interest rates shall be included in the calculation of the remuneration to be compared with 
the Usury Rates. In this respect, should that remuneration be higher than the Usury Rates, only the 
‘type’ of rate which determined the breach shall be deemed as null and void. As a consequence, the 
entire amount referable to the rate which determined the breach of said threshold shall be deemed as 
unenforceable according to the last interpretation of the Supreme Court. 
Compound interest 
Pursuant to article 1283 of the Civil Code, in respect of a monetary claim or receivable, accrued 
interest may be capitalised after a period of not less than six months or from the date when any legal 
proceedings are commenced in respect of that monetary claim or receivable. Article 1283 of the Civil 
Code allows derogation from this provision in the event that there are recognised customary practices 
to the contrary. Banks and other financial institutions in the Republic of Italy have traditionally 
capitalised accrued interest on a three-monthly basis on the grounds that such practice could be 
characterised as a customary practice. However, a number of judgements from Italian courts 
(including judgements from the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) have held that such 
practices may not be defined as customary practices. Consequently if borrowers were to challenge this 
practice, it is possible that such interpretation of the Civil Code would be upheld before other courts 
in the Republic of Italy and that the returns generated from the relevant Mortgage Loans may be 
prejudiced. 
In this respect, it should be noted that Article 25, paragraph 3, of legislative decree No. 342 of 4 
August 1999 (Decree No. 342), enacted by the Italian Government under a delegation granted 
pursuant to law No. 142 of 19 February 1992, has considered the capitalisation of accrued interest 
(anatocismo) made by banks prior to the date on which it came into force (19 October 1999) to be 
valid. After such date, the capitalisation of accrued interest is no longer possible upon the terms 
established by a resolution of the CICR issued on 22 February 2000. Law No. 342 has been 
challenged and decision No. 425 of 17 October 2000 of the Italian Constitutional Court has declared 
as unconstitutional under the provisions of Law No. 342 regarding the validity of the capitalisation of 
accrued interest made by banks prior to the date on which Law No. 342 came into force. 
Article 17 bis of law decree no. 18 of 14 February 2016 as converted into Law no. 49 of 8 April 2016 
amended article 120, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Banking Act, providing that the accrued 
interest shall not produce further interests, except for default interests, and are calculated exclusively 
on the principal amount. In addition, on 10 September 2016, the decree no. 343 of 3 August 2016 
issued by the Minister of Economy and Finance, in his quality of President of the CICR, 
implementing article 120, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Banking Law, has been published on the 
Official Gazette No. 212 of 10 September 2016.  
Taxation  
Article 7-vicies ter of Law 130 provides that any tax is due as if the granting of the subordinated loan

--- Page 295 ---
- 285 - 
 
and the transfer of the cover pool had not taken place and as if the assets constituting the cover pool 
were registered as on-balance sheet assets of the cover pool provider, provided that: 
(i) 
the purchase price paid for the transfer of the cover pool is equal to the most recent book 
value of the assets constituting the cover pool; and 
(ii) 
the subordinated loan is granted by the same bank acting as cover pool provider. 
The provision described above would imply, as a main consequence, that banks issuing covered bonds 
will be entitled to include the receivables transferred to the cover pool as on-balance receivables for 
the purpose of tax deductions applicable to reserves for the depreciation on receivables in accordance 
with Article 106 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986. 
Mortgage borrower protection 
Certain legislation enacted in Italy has given new rights and certain benefits to mortgage debtors 
and/or reinforced existing rights, including, inter alia, and as better regulated under the relevant 
applicable laws and regulations, (i) the right of prepayment of the principal amount of the mortgage 
loan, without incurring a penalty or, as applicable, at a reduced penalty rate, (ii) the right to the 
substitution (portabilità) of a mortgage loan with another mortgage loan, (iii) the right of first home-
owners to suspend instalment payments under mortgage loans up to a maximum of two times and for 
a maximum aggregate period of 18 months, (iv) the right to suspend the payment of principal 
instalments relating to mortgage loans for a 12 months period, (v) the automatic suspension of 
instalment payments of mortgages and loans, up to certain periods, to residents, both individuals and 
businesses, in certain municipalities affected by environmental disasters and listed in the relevant laws 
and regulations.  
Mortgage Credit Directive 
Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 February 2014 on credit 
agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable property and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2013/36/EU and Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the Mortgage Credit Directive) 
sets out a common framework for certain aspects of the laws, regulations and administrative 
provisions of the Member States concerning agreements covering credit for consumers secured by a 
mortgage or otherwise relating to residential immovable property. 
On 1 June 2015, in accordance with Article 18, Article 20(1) and Article 28 of the Mortgage Credit 
Directive, the EBA published its final Guidelines on creditworthiness assessment, as well as its final 
Guidelines on arrears and foreclosure, that support the national implementation by Member States of 
the Mortgage Credit Directive. 
In Italy the Government has approved the Legislative Decree no. 72 of 21 April 2016, implementing 
the Mortgage Credit Directive and published on the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy on 20 
May 2016 (the Mortgage Legislative Decree).  
The Mortgage Legislative Decree clarifies that the new legal framework shall apply, inter alia, to (i) 
residential mortgage loans and (ii) loans relating to the purchase or preservation of the property rights 
on a residential immovable. 
Moreover such decree sets forth certain rules of correctness, diligence and transparency and 
information undertakings applicable to the lenders and intermediaries which offer loans to the 
consumers and provides that the parties may agree under the loan agreements that in case of breach of 
the borrower’s payment obligations under the agreement (i.e. non-payment of at least eighteen loan 
instalments due and payable by the debtor) the property of the debtor subject to security or the 
proceeds deriving from the sale thereof can be transferred to the creditor in discharge of the entire

--- Page 296 ---
- 286 - 
 
debt even if the value of the assets or the proceeds deriving from the sale of the assets is lower than 
the remaining amount due by the debtor in relation to the loan. In the event that the value of the 
property of the debtor subject to security, as estimated by the expert (perito) or the amount of the 
proceeds deriving from the sale thereof is higher than the residual debt, the debtor will be entitled to 
receive the excess amount. The value of the property shall be determined by an independent expert 
(perito) chosen by the parties, or, if an agreement on the appointment of the expert is not reached 
between them, by the president of the competent court (Presidente del Tribunale competente).

--- Page 297 ---
- 287 - 
 
TAXATION  
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be 
made on a retroactive basis. The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, 
purchase, own or dispose of the Covered Bonds and does not purport to deal with the tax 
consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or 
commodities) may be subject to special rules.  
This overview will not be updated to reflect changes in laws and if such a change occurs the 
information in this overview could become invalid. 
Prospective purchasers of the Covered Bonds are advised to consult their own tax advisers 
concerning the overall tax consequences of their ownership of the Covered Bonds. 
Republic of Italy 
Tax treatment of Covered Bonds 
The Decree No. 239 sets out the applicable regime regarding the tax treatment of interest, premium 
and other income from certain securities issued, inter alia, by Italian resident banks (including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as 
Interest). The provisions of Decree No. 239 only apply to Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer which 
qualify as obbligazioni (bonds) or titoli similari alle obbligazioni (securities similar to bonds) 
pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as amended and 
supplemented (Decree No. 917). Pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917, for securities to qualify as 
titoli similari alle obbligazioni (securities similar to bonds), they must (i) incorporate an unconditional 
obligation to pay at maturity or redemption an amount not lower than their nominal value and (ii) 
attribute to the holders no direct or indirect right to control or participate in the management of the 
Issuer. 
Italian resident Bondholders 
Where an Italian resident Bondholders is: 
(a) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are 
connected; 
(b) 
a non-commercial partnership; 
(c) 
a non-commercial private or public institution other than companies, and trusts not carrying 
out mainly or exclusively commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial 
entities; or 
(d) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation,  
Interest relating to the Covered Bonds, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a 
withholding tax, referred to as "imposta sostitutiva", levied at the rate of 26%, unless the relevant 
holder of the Covered Bonds has entrusted the management of his financial assets, including the 
Covered Bonds, to an authorised intermediary and has opted for the so called "risparmio gestito" 
regime (see section Capital gains below). In the event that the Bondholders described under (a) and 
(c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected, the 
imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax and may be deducted from the taxation on income due.

--- Page 298 ---
- 288 - 
 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest relating to the 
Covered Bonds if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as 
set forth under Italian law. 
Where an Italian resident Bondholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, 
and the Covered Bonds are deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest from the Covered 
Bonds will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva. They must, however, be included in the relevant 
Bondholder’s income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation (and, in 
certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Bondholder, also to IRAP (the regional tax on 
productive activities). 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law 
with amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 (Decree No. 351), as clarified by the Italian 
Revenue Agency (Agenzia delle Entrate) through Circular No. 47/E of 8 August 2003 and Circular 
No. 11/E of 28 March 2012, payments of Interest in respect of the Covered Bonds beneficially owned 
by and made to Italian resident real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented, and Article 14-bis of 
Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994, and to Italian Real Estate SICAFs ("Società di investimento a 
capitale fisso") (Italian Real Estate SICAFs) to which the provisions of Decree No. 351 apply are 
subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of a real estate 
investment fund or Italian Real Estate SICAFs, to the extent the Covered Bonds are timely deposited 
with an authorised intermediary. Subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or 
shareholders of the Italian resident real estate fund or Italian Real Estate SICAF and income realised 
by the unitholders or shareholders in the event of redemption or sale of the relevant units or shares 
may be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.. Moreover, subject to 
certain conditions, depending on the status of the investor and the percentage of its participation, 
income realised by Italian resident real estate fund or Italian Real Estate SICAF may be attributed to 
the relevant investors and subject to tax in their hands irrespective of its actual collection and in 
proportion to the percentage of ownership of units or shares on a tax transparency basis. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, a SICAF 
(other than an Italian Real Estate SICAF) or a SICAV ("Società di investimento a capital variabile") 
established in Italy and either (i) the fund, the SICAF or the SICAV or (ii) their manager is subject to 
the supervision of a regulatory authority (the Fund), and the relevant Covered Bonds are held by an 
authorised intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on the Covered Bonds and 
beneficially owned by the Fund will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the 
management results of the Fund accrued at the end of each tax period. The Fund will not be subject to 
taxation on such result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. may in certain circumstances apply to 
distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders or in case of redemption or sale of the 
units or shares in the Fund. 
Where an Italian resident Bondholders is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 
17 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Covered Bonds are 
deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest relating to the Covered Bonds beneficially owned 
by the pension fund and accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, 
but they must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period 
and subjected to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain limitations and requirements 
(including a minimum holding period), Interest under the Covered Bonds accrued by the pension fund 
may be excluded from the taxable basis if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual

--- Page 299 ---
- 289 - 
 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from 
time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, SIMs, fiduciary companies, 
SGRs, stockbrokers and other entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance (each an 
Intermediary), as subsequently amended and integrated. 
An Intermediary must (a) be resident in Italy or be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian 
resident financial intermediary or be a non-Italian resident entity or company, acting through a system 
of centralised administration of securities and directly connected with the Ministry of Economy and 
Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239, and (b) 
intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest or in the transfer of the Covered Bonds. For the 
purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Covered Bonds includes any 
assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the 
ownership of the relevant Covered Bonds or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Covered 
Bonds are deposited. 
Where the Covered Bonds are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied 
and withheld by any Italian financial intermediary paying interest to a Bondholders or, absent that, by 
the Issuer. 
Non-Italian resident Bondholders 
Where the Bondholder is a non-Italian resident, without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies 
provided that the non-Italian resident Bondholder is either: 
(a) 
a beneficial owner of the relevant income resident, for tax purposes, in a country which 
allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy; or 
(b) 
an "institutional investor" that is resident in a country which allows for a satisfactory 
exchange of information with Italy, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its 
own country of residence; or, irrespective of the relevant country of tax residence, 
(c) 
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have 
entered into force in Italy; or 
(d) 
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State. 
It should be noted that, pursuant to Article 11 of Decree No. 239, the countries which allow for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with Italy are those countries listed in the Ministerial Decree of 4 
September 1996, as amended by Italian Ministerial Decree dated 23 March 2017, and as subsequently 
amended from time to time (the "White List Country"). Pursuant to Article 1-bis of Ministerial 
Decree of 4 September 1996, the Ministry of Economy and Finance holds the right to test the actual 
compliance of each country included in the list with the exchange of information obligation and, in 
case of reiterated violations, to remove from the list the uncooperative countries. 
In order to ensure gross payment, the above non-Italian resident Bondholders must : 
(a) 
deposit, directly or indirectly, the Covered Bonds with a resident bank or SIM or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian resident 
entity or company participating in a centralised securities management system which is in 
contact, via computer, with the Ministry of Economy and Finance having appointed an Italian

--- Page 300 ---
- 290 - 
 
representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239; and 
(b) 
file with the relevant depository, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Covered 
Bonds, a statement of the relevant Bondholder, which remains valid until withdrawn or 
revoked, in which the Bondholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable 
exemption from imposta sostitutiva. This statement, which is not requested for international 
bodies or entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into 
force in Italy nor in the case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the 
official reserves of a foreign State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial 
Decree of 12 December 2001. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. to Interest paid to Bondholders 
who do not qualify for the exemption. Bondholders who are subject to the substitute tax might, 
nevertheless, be eligible for a total or partial relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic 
of Italy and the country of residence of the relevant Bondholder. 
Payments made by an Italian resident guarantor 
There is no authority directly on point regarding the Italian tax regime of payments made by an Italian 
resident guarantor under the Guarantee. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Italian 
revenue authorities will not assert an alternative treatment of such payments than that set forth herein 
or that the Italian court would not sustain such an alternative treatment. 
With respect to payments on the Covered Bonds made by an Italian resident guarantor, in accordance 
with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any payment of liabilities equal to interest and other 
proceeds from the Covered Bonds may be treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment by the 
Issuer and will thus be subject to the tax regime described in the previous paragraphs of this section. 
In accordance with another interpretation, any such payment made by the Italian resident Guarantor 
may be subject to a provisional or final withholding tax at a rate of 26 per cent. pursuant to 
Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973, as subsequently amended. In the case of payments 
to non-Italian resident bondholders, double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing 
for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) rate of withholding tax. 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Covered Bonds that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) may be subject to a 
withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are 
securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity or redemption, an amount 
not lower than their nominal value and that do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in 
the management of the issuer or to the business in relation to which the securities were issued, nor to 
control the same. 
In the case of Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident issuer, where the Bondholder is: 
(a) 
an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are 
connected; 
(b) 
an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity; 
(c) 
a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Covered Bond are 
connected; 
(d) 
an Italian commercial partnership; or

--- Page 301 ---
- 291 - 
 
(e) 
an Italian commercial private or public institution, 
such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
may be exempt from any income taxation, including the 26 withholding tax, on Interest relating to the 
Covered Bonds qualifying as atypical securities if such Covered Bonds are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
In all other cases, including when the Bondholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a 
final withholding tax. For non-Italian resident Bondholders, the withholding tax rate may be reduced 
by any applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of residence of the relevant 
Bondholder. 
Capital gains tax 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is (i) an individual holding the Covered Bonds not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership (other than a società in 
nome collettivo or a società in accomandita semplice or a similar partnership) or a de facto 
partnership not carrying out commercial activities, or (iii) a non-commercial private or public 
institution (other than a company), a trust not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial 
activities, any capital gain realised by such Bondholder from the sale or redemption of the Covered 
Bonds would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva provided for by Decree No. 461, levied at the rate of 
26 per cent.. Under certain conditions and limitations Bondholders may set off capital gains with their 
capital losses. 
For the purposes of determining the taxable capital gain (redditi diversi), any Interest on the Covered 
Bonds accrued and unpaid up to the time of the sale of the Covered Bonds must be deducted from the 
sale price. 
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers under (i) to (iii) above may opt for one 
of the three regimes described below: 
(a) 
under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the standard regime 
for taxation of capital gains realised by Bondholders under (i) to (iii) above, imposta 
sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a yearly cumulative basis, on all capital 
gains, net of any incurred capital loss of the same kind, realised by the relevant investor 
holding the Covered Bonds not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all 
sales or redemptions of the Covered Bonds carried out during any given tax year. The 
relevant Bondholder must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any 
relevant incurred capital loss of the same kind, in the annual tax return and pay imposta 
sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance of income tax due for such year. Capital 
losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any 
of the four succeeding tax years; 
(b) 
as an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Bondholders under (i) to (iii) above may elect 
to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption 
of the Covered Bonds (the risparmio amministrato regime provided for by Article 6 of 
Decree No. 461). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Covered 
Bonds being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries 
(including permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) and (ii) a valid express 
election for the risparmio amministrato regime being timely made in writing by the relevant

--- Page 302 ---
- 292 - 
 
Bondholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of 
capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Covered Bonds (as well as in respect 
of capital gains realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, 
and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the 
taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the 
Bondholder or using funds provided by the Bondholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio 
amministrato regime, where a sale or redemption of the Covered Bonds results in a capital 
loss, such loss may be deducted only from capital gains subsequently realised, within the 
same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the 
fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the Bondholder is not required to declare 
the capital gains in the annual tax return; or 
(c) 
any capital gains realised by Italian Bondholders under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted 
the management of their financial assets, including the Covered Bonds, to an authorised 
intermediary and have validly opted for the so called risparmio gestito regime provided for by 
Article 7 of Decree No. 461 will be included in the computation of the annual increase in 
value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. 
substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under the risparmio 
gestito regime, any decrease in value of the managed assets accrued at year end may be 
carried forward against any increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four 
succeeding tax years. The Bondholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised in 
the annual tax return. 
Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, 
Italian resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
may be exempt from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains 
realised upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Covered Bonds, if the Covered Bonds are included in 
a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets 
the requirements set forth by Italian law as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Any capital gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Covered Bonds would be treated as part 
of the taxable income for IRES purposes and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of 
the Bondholder, also as part of the net value of the production for IRAP purposes, if realised by an 
Italian company or a similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of 
foreign entities to which the Covered Bonds are connected), an Italian resident commercial 
partnership or an Italian resident individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Covered Bonds are connected. 
Any capital gains earned by a Bondholder which is a Fund will not be subject to imspota sostitutiva 
but will be included in the results of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period. 
Any capital gains earned by a Bondholder which is an Italian real estate fund created under Article 37 
of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 and Article 14-bis of Italian Law No. 86 of 
25 January 1994, or an Italian Real Estate SICAF will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva at the fund 
level nor to any other income tax in the hands of the fund or Italian Real Estate SICAF.  
Any capital gains earned by a Bondholder which is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided for by article 17 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will not be 
subject to imposta sostitutiva, but will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the 
end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions 
(including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on the Covered 
Bonds earned may be excluded from the result of the relevant portfolio if the Covered Bonds are 
included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine)

--- Page 303 ---
- 293 - 
 
that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
Capital gains earned by non-Italian resident Bondholders, without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale, redemption of Covered Bonds 
traded on regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva. The exemption applies provided 
that the non-Italian resident Bondholders file in due course with the authorized financial intermediary 
an appropriate affidavit (autocertificazione) stating that the Bondholder is not resident in Italy for tax 
purposes. 
Capital gains earned by non-Italian resident Bondholders, without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale, redemption of Covered Bonds 
not traded on regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the 
Bondholder: 
(a) 
is a beneficial owner of the relevant income resident in a White List Country. Under these 
circumstances, if non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Covered Bonds are effectively connected elect for the risparmio gestito regime or are subject 
to the risparmio amministrato regime, exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply 
upon condition that they file in time with the authorised financial intermediary an appropriate 
declaration (autocertificazione) stating that they meet the requirement indicated above; or 
(b) 
is an international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements which 
have entered into force in Italy; or 
(c) 
is a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign 
State; or 
(d) 
is an "institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is resident in a White List 
Country, 
in any case, to the extent all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the 
relevant implementation rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from 
imposta sostitutiva are met or complied with in due time, if applicable. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains earned by non-Italian resident Bondholders from 
the sale, early redemption or redemption of Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident issuer and not 
traded on regulated markets are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent. 
However, Bondholders may benefit from an applicable tax treaty with Italy providing that capital 
gains earned upon the sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds are to be taxed only 
in the resident tax country of the recipient. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, Covered Bonds or other securities) as a result of 
death or donation are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or gift 
exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 1,000,000.00; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the 
inheritance or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. 
inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, 
Euro 100,000.00; and

--- Page 304 ---
- 294 - 
 
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 
per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied to the rate 
mentioned above in (a), (b), (c) on the value exceeding €1,500,000.00. 
The transfer of financial instruments (including the Covered Bonds) as a result of death is exempt 
from inheritance tax when such financial instruments are included in a long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to 
time applicable as set forth under Italian law.  
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to a Euro 200.00 registration tax as follows: 
(i) public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to mandatory registration; (ii) private deeds are 
subject to registration only in the “case of use” (caso d’uso) or in case of “explicit reference” 
(enunciazione) or voluntary registration. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 of the tariff attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972 
(Decree No. 642), a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting 
communications which may be sent by an Italian based financial intermediary to a Bondholder in 
respect of any Covered Bonds which may be deposited with such financial intermediary. The stamp 
duty applies at a rate of 0.20 per cent.; this stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value 
or – if no market value figure is available – the nominal value or redemption amount of the Covered 
Bonds held. The stamp duty cannot exceed € 14,000.00 if the Bondholder is not an individual.  
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which  the deposit, 
the release or the drafting of the statement are not mandatory. 
In case of reporting periods less than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable on a pro-rata basis. Based 
on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy and 
Finance on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client - regardless of the 
fiscal residence of the investor - (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy on 29 July 
2009, as subsequently amended supplemented and restated) of an entity that exercises in any form a 
banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
According to the provisions set forth by Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011, as amended and 
supplemented, Italian resident individuals, and, starting from fiscal year 2020, non-profit entities and 
certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree 
No. 917), holding the Covered Bonds outside the Italian territory are required to pay an additional tax 
at a rate of 0.20 per cent. (increased to 0.4 per cent., as of 2024, in case of financial assets held in 
States or territories with privileged tax regime identified by the Ministerial Decree of the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance of May 4, 1999). In this case the above-mentioned stamp duty provided for by 
Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree No. 642 does not apply. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Covered Bonds at the end of the relevant year (or, if 
earlier, at the end of the holding period) or – if no market value is available – the nominal value or the 
redemption value, or in the case the nominal or redemption values cannot be determined, on the basis 
of purchase value of such financial assets held outside the Italian territory and cannot exceed € 
14,000.00 per year for Bondholders other than individuals. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax

--- Page 305 ---
- 295 - 
 
credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up 
to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
Financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if they are administered by 
Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. In this case, the above-
mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree No. 642 does apply. 
Tax Monitoring 
According to the Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments into Law No. 
227 of 4 August 1990, as amended from time to time, individuals, non-profit entities and certain 
partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) 
resident in Italy for tax purposes, under certain conditions, are required to report for tax monitoring 
purposes in their yearly income tax the amount of investments (including the Covered Bonds) directly 
or indirectly held abroad. 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial 
instruments, are the beneficial owners of the instruments. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement does not apply with respect to: (i) Covered Bonds 
deposited for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts entered into 
through the intervention of qualified Italian financial intermediaries, upon condition that the items of 
income derived from the Covered Bonds have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries; or (iii) 
foreign investments which are only composed by deposits and/or bank accounts and aggregate value 
of which does not exceed a €15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
FATCA, a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain 
payments it makes (foreign pass-through payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting or related requirements. The issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A 
number of jurisdictions (including the Republic of Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in 
substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), 
which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs 
as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be 
required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the 
application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Covered Bonds, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as Covered Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change. On 13 December 
2018, the Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) issued Proposed Regulations (REG-
132881-17) under FATCA, eliminating withholding on the payments of gross proceeds and deferring 
withholding on foreign passthru payments. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Covered Bonds, such withholding 
would not apply prior to two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Covered Bonds characterised as debt (or 
which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes 
that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign pass-through payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date 
(including by reason of a substitution of the issuer). However, if additional Covered Bonds (as 
described under "Terms and Conditions—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously 
issued Covered Bonds are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Covered Bonds, including the 
Covered Bonds offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding

--- Page 306 ---
- 296 - 
 
under FATCA. Bondholders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in Covered Bonds. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant 
to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Covered Bonds, no person will be required to 
pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) 
for a Directive for a common FTT is Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, 
Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has 
since stated that it will not participate. The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if 
introduced, apply to certain dealings in Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in 
certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Covered Bonds should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in 
the Covered Bonds where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is 
established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be 
"established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by 
transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial 
instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State.  
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional 
EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of the Covered Bonds are advised 
to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 307 ---
- 297 - 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
Programme Agreement 
Covered Bonds may be issued from time to time by the Issuer to the Dealers. The arrangements under 
which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by 
the Dealers are set out in a programme agreement entered into on or about the First Issue Date (such 
programme agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Programme Agreement) and made between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealer. Any such 
agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the terms and conditions of the relevant Covered 
Bonds, the price at which such Covered Bonds will be subscribed by the Dealers and the commissions 
or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. 
The Programme Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of 
existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of 
the Programme or in relation to a particular Series of Covered Bonds. 
Subscription Agreements 
Any subscription agreement between the Issuer, the Representative of the Bondholders and the 
relevant Dealer and/or any additional or other dealers, from time to time for the sale and purchase of 
Covered Bonds (a Subscription Agreement) will, inter alia, make provision for the price at which 
the relevant Covered Bonds will be purchased by the relevant Dealers and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. 
Each Subscription Agreement will also provide for the confirmation of the appointment of the 
Representative of the Bondholders by the relevant Dealer as initial holder of the Covered Bonds then 
being issued. 
United States of America 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act) and may not be offered or sold within the United States of America or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, it will not offer, sell or deliver Covered 
Bonds, (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion 
of the distribution, as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in case of an issue of the 
Covered Bonds on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of all Covered Bonds of the Tranche 
of which such Covered Bonds are a part within the United States of America or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each Dealer to which it sells Covered 
Bonds during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Covered Bonds within the United States of America or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds an offer or sale 
of such Covered Bonds within the United States of America by any Dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such

--- Page 308 ---
- 298 - 
 
offer or sale is made otherwise that in accordance with an available exemption from registration under 
the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
(the EEA).  
For the purposes of this provision the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (IDD), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation). 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented, and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds in that 
Member State:  
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, (i) the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in 
relation to any Covered Bonds in any Member State means the communication in any form and by 
any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so

--- Page 309 ---
- 299 - 
 
as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds and (ii) the 
expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes the legend “Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the 
UK). 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as 
amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) (EUWA); 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation). 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes the legend “Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an 
offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer 
or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, (i) the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in 
relation to any Covered Bonds means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds and (ii) the expression UK Prospectus

--- Page 310 ---
- 300 - 
 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and, accordingly, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly 
or indirectly, offer or sell any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and 
Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly 
or indirectly in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other 
applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. As used in this paragraph, “resident 
in Japan” means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or entity organised under the 
laws of Japan.  
The United Kingdom  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Covered Bonds in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer or the Covered Bonds Guarantor, as the case may be; and  
(b) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom.  
France 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Covered Bonds to the public in France, and it has not distributed or 
caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, the 
Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Covered 
Bonds and that such offers, sales and distributions have been and will be made in France only to 
qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), other than individuals, all as defined in, and in accordance 
with, articles L.411-1, L.411-2, D.411-1, L.533-16 and L.533-20 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier.  
Germany 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it shall only offer Covered Bonds in 
the Federal Republic of Germany in compliance with the provisions of the German Securities 
Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) and any other laws applicable in the Federal Republic of 
Germany.

--- Page 311 ---
- 301 - 
 
Republic of Italy 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that sales of the Covered Bonds in Italy 
shall be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other 
applicable laws and regulation. 
The offering of the Covered Bonds has not been registered with the CONSOB pursuant to Italian 
securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that, save as set out 
below, no Covered Bonds may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus 
or of any other document relating to the Covered Bonds be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2(1), letter (e) of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, 
as amended (the Financial Laws Consolidated Act) and Article 34-ter of CONSOB 
Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time, and in accordance with 
any applicable Italian laws and/or Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(b) 
in circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 3(2) of the 
Prospectus Regulation and in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on 
public offerings pursuant to any applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base 
Prospectus or any other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy under (a) or 
(b) above must: 
(a) 
be made by soggetti abilitati (including investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries), as 
defined under Article 1, paragraph 1, letter (r), of the Financial Laws Consolidated Act, 
permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the relevant 
provisions of the Financial Laws Consolidated Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993, as amended (the Consolidated Banking Act) and any other applicable laws and 
regulations; and 
(b) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant 
to Article 129 of the Consolidated Banking Act pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may 
request information on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy and the 
relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 2015, as amended 
on 2 November 2020) and/or any other Italian authority; and  
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable notification requirement or limitation which may be 
imposed by CONSOB any other Italian authority. 
General 
Other than with respect to the admission to listing, trading and/or quotation by such one or more 
listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, no action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers 
that would permit a public offering of Covered Bonds, or possession or distribution of any offering 
material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.   
Each Dealer and the Issuer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed

--- Page 312 ---
- 302 - 
 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has complied and will 
comply to the best of its knowledge and belief with all applicable laws and regulations in each country 
or jurisdiction in or from which it subscribes, offers, sells, distributes or delivers Covered Bonds or 
possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at its own expense and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have 
responsibility therefore (with specific reference to the jurisdictions of the United States of America, 
United Kingdom, Japan, the Republic of France and the Republic of Italy, see above). Other persons 
into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required, by the Issuer and the 
Dealers, to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from 
which they subscribe, offer, sell, distribute or deliver Covered Bonds or possess, distribute or publish 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own 
expense.  
The Programme Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions 
relating to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result 
of change(s) or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and 
regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described 
in the paragraph headed “General” above.

--- Page 313 ---
- 303 - 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION  
Listing and Admission to Trading and Approval 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the 
Prospectus Regulation by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF) in its 
capacity as competent authority in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
However, Covered Bonds may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will be unlisted or be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other competent authority, stock exchange or 
quotation system as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Authorisations 
The update of the Programme has been duly authorised by the resolutions of the board of directors of 
the Issuer dated 5 August 2024 and by the resolution of the board of directors of the Guarantor dated 
22 October 2024. 
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Covered Bonds. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Credem is 8156004B244AA70DE787. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Guarantor is 8156001D7B5DEA4FC994. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings  
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer or the Guarantor is aware), which may have, or have 
had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer, the Guarantor or their respective Subsidiaries. 
Trend Information / No Material Adverse Change  
Since 31 December 2023 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer. 
Since 30 September 2024, (i) there has been no significant change in the financial position of the 
Issuer and (ii) there has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Issuer. 
Since 31 December 2023 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor. 
Since 30 June 2024, (i) there has been no significant change in the financial position of the Guarantor 
and (ii) there has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Guarantor. 
Minimum denomination 
Where Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation, such Covered Bonds will not have a denomination of less than €100,000 (or, where the 
Covered Bonds are issued in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency

--- Page 314 ---
- 304 - 
 
or any other amount set out in the relevant Final Terms). 
Documents Available 
So long as Covered Bonds are capable of being issued under the Programme and without prejudice to 
paragraph “Publication on the Internet”, copies of the following documents will, when published, be 
available (in English translation, where necessary) free of charge during usual business hours on any 
weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) for inspection at the registered office of 
the Issuer:  
(a) Press Release Credem and Worldline sign a strategic partnership in merchant acquiring 
activities in Italy; 
(b) the Press Release of Credem 9M2024 Results; 
(c) the Credem Additional Periodic Financial Disclosure September 2024; 
(d) the Press Release of Credem 2024 Half-Year Financial Statements; 
(e) the Credem 2024 Half-Year Financial Statements; 
(f) the Credem 2023 Annual Financial Statements; 
(g) the Credem 2023 Half-Year Financial Statements; 
(h) the Credem 2022 Annual Financial Statements; 
(i) the unaudited semi-annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at 30 June 2024 and for 
the six months then ended; 
(j) the audited annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2023 and together with the independent auditor’s report; 
(k) the unaudited semi-annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at 30 June 2023 and for 
the six months then ended 
(l) the audited annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2022; 
(m) the independent auditor’s report in respect of the audited annual financial statements of the 
Guarantor as at 31 December 2022 and for the year then ended; 
(n) the “Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework”, the “Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework Second Party Opinion” and the “Green, Social & 
Sustainability Bond Reporting”;  
(o) the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and the most recently published unaudited condensed financial statements (if any) 
of the Issuer; 
(p) a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(q) any future offering circular, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements to this 
Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference;

--- Page 315 ---
- 305 - 
 
(r) each of the following documents (the Programme Documents), namely: 
• 
Guarantee 
(which 
is 
also 
available 
on 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Investor_Relations/covered-
bonds/documentazione/Guarantee.pdf); 
• 
Subordinated Loan Agreement; 
• 
Master Assets Purchase Agreement and relevant Transfer Agreements; 
• 
Cover Pool Management Agreement; 
• 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement; 
• 
Servicing Agreement; 
• 
Asset Monitor Agreement; 
• 
Quotaholders’ Agreement; 
• 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement; 
• 
Covered Bond Swap Agreements (if any); 
• 
Asset Swap Agreements (if any); 
• 
Mandate Agreement; 
• 
Deed of Pledge; 
• 
Deed of Charge; 
• 
Intercreditor Agreement; 
• 
Guarantor Corporate Services Agreement; 
• 
Programme Agreement; 
• 
any Subscription Agreement for Covered Bonds issued on a syndicated basis that are 
listed and the relevant Final Terms; and 
• 
Master Definitions Agreement. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus, each Final 
Terms relating to the Covered Bonds which are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market and each document incorporated by reference are available on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website (https://www.luxse.lu).  
In addition, copies of the by-laws (statuto) and the memorandum of association (atto costitutivo) of 
the Issuer (with an English translation thereof) will be available on the Issuer’s website 
(https://www.credem.it/content/credem/it/gruppo-credem/investor-relations.html) and copies of the 
by-laws (statuto) and the memorandum of association (atto costitutivo) of the Guarantor (with an 
English 
translation 
thereof) 
will 
be 
available 
on 
the 
following 
website 
(https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Investor_Relations/covered-

--- Page 316 ---
- 306 - 
 
bonds/documentazione/Articles%20of%20Incorporation.pdf 
and 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Investor_Relations/covered-
bonds/documentazione/Credem%20CB%20Statute%20.pdf ). 
Publication on the Internet 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms will be available on the internet 
site of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, at https://www.luxse.com. 
In any case, copy of this Base Prospectus, together with any supplement thereto and documents 
incorporated by reference, if any, or further Prospectus, will remain publicly available in electronic 
form for at least 10 years on https://www.credem.it/content/credem/it/gruppo-credem/investor-
relations.html. 
Independent Auditors  
EY S.p.A. was appointed to perform the audit of the financial statements of Credem for the period 
from 2014 to 2022. 
EY S.p.A. is registered in the Register of the Statutory Auditors, in compliance with the provisions of 
Legislative Decree No. 39/2010 as implemented by the MEF (Decree No. 144 of 20 June 2012). The 
registered office of EY S.p.A. is in Via Meravigli 12, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. was appointed to perform the audit of the financial statements of Credem 
for the period from 2023 to 2031. 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. is registered in the Register of the Statutory Auditors, in compliance with 
the provisions of Legislative Decree No. 39/2010 as implemented by the MEF (Decree No. 144 of 20 
June 2012). The registered office of Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. is in Via Santa Sofia 28, 20122 Milan, 
Italy.  
On 30 April 2013, EY S.p.A. has been appointed to perform the audit of the Financial Statements of 
the Guarantor for the period from 2014 to 2022. EY S.p.A. has audited and rendered unqualified audit 
reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor for the year ended 31 December 
2022. Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. was appointed to perform the audit of the financial statements of the 
Guarantor starting from 2023.  
Material Contracts  
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor nor any of their respective subsidiaries has entered into any 
contracts in the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that have been or may be 
reasonably expected to be material to their ability to meet their obligations to Bondholders. 
Clearing of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Monte Titoli, Euroclear and 
Clearstream. The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in 
relation to the Covered Bonds of each Series will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant 
Covered Bonds for clearance together with any further appropriate information.

--- Page 317 ---
- 307 - 
 
GLOSSARY  
"Accounts" means, collectively, the Collection Accounts, the Expenses Account, the Cash Reserve 
Commingling Account, the Replacement Account Bank Accounts, the Credem Accounts and any 
other account opened in accordance with the Programme. 
"Account Bank" means Credito Emiliano S.p.A., the Replacement Account Bank (to the extent 
appointed) or each of them, or any other entity acting as account bank pursuant to the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Account Bank Report" means the report produced by the Account Bank pursuant to article 5.6 of 
the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Account Bank Shift Event” means any of Credem Account Bank Shift Event and Replacement 
Account Bank Shift Event.  
“Account Bank Shift Notice” means the notice to be promptly delivered from the Investment 
Manager to the other Parties and the Rating Agencies upon occurrence of an Account Bank Shift 
Event. 
"Accrued Interest" means, as of any date and in relation to any Mortgage Receivable, the portion of 
the Interest Instalment accrued, but not yet due, as at such date. 
"Abruzzo Decree" means Law Decree number 39 of 28 April 2009, as converted into law by the 
Italian Law number 77 of 24 June 2009 "Interventi urgenti in favore delle popolazioni colpite dagli 
eventi sismici nella regione Abruzzo nel mese di aprile 2009 e ulteriori interventi urgenti di 
protezione civile". 
"Adjusted Purchase Price" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Master Assets Transfer 
Agreement. 
"Adjusted Required Redemption Amount" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 8.3 of 
the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero), or the 
quantum of the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines should be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Bondholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, quantum formula or 
methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate or (where (i) above does not apply) in the case 
of a Successor Rate, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt capital 
markets transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be); or 
(iii) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that (i) and (ii) above do not apply) the relevant 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged 
as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the

--- Page 318 ---
- 308 - 
 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable); or 
(iv) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that (i), (ii) and (iii) above do not apply) the relevant 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) in its discretion determines (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate. 
"Affected Asset" means an Eligible Asset, a Top-Up Asset and/or a Liquid Asset in respect of which 
there is a breach of the representations and warranties contained in the Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement. 
"Affected Party" has the meaning ascribed to that term in the relevant Swap Agreement. 
"Affected Mortgage Receivables" means any Receivables which, in the immediately preceding 
Collection Period, was in breach of the representations and warranties contained in the Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement and in relation to which the Seller has not indemnified the Guarantor to the 
extent required by the terms of the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
“Alternative Benchmark Rate” means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in accordance with Condition 5(e)(ii) (Successor Rate 
or Alternative Benchmark Rate) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) or if no such rate exists, the rate which is most comparable to the 
Original Reference Rate, for a comparable interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the 
Covered Bonds. 
"Amortisation Test" means the test carried out pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement, as better detailed in section entitled “Credit Structure” above. 
"Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount" means the amount calculated pursuant to the formula 
set out in clause 3 of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Arranger" means Barclays Bank Ireland PLC. 
"Article 74 Event" means, in respect of the Issuer, the issue of a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of 
the Consolidated Banking Act. 
"Asset Monitor" means BDO Italia S.p.A., or any other entity appointed from time to time to act as 
such in accordance with the Asset Monitor Agreement, as better described in the section headed 
“Description Programme Documents – The Asset Monitor Agreement” of the Prospectus. 
"Asset Monitor Agreement" means the asset monitor agreement entered into on or about the First 
Issue Date between, inter alios, the Asset Monitor and the Issuer (as from time to time modified in 
accordance with the provisions therein contained and including any agreement or other document 
expressed to be supplemental thereof).  
"Asset Monitor Report Date" has the meaning set out in Clause 1.2 (Other definitions) of the Asset 
Monitor Agreement. 
"Asset Percentage" means: 
(A) as long as any Series issued prior to the Implementation Date is outstanding, the lower of 
(i) 93.00 per cent and (ii) such other percentage figure as may be determined by the Issuer on 
behalf of the Guarantor in accordance with the methodologies published by the Rating 
Agencies (after procuring the required level of overcollateralization in line with target rating). 
Notwithstanding that, in the event the Issuer chooses not to apply such other percentage figure

--- Page 319 ---
- 309 - 
 
(item (ii) above) of the Asset Percentage, this will not result in a breach of the Nominal Value 
Test; or 
(B) following the redemption in full of all the Series issued prior to the Implementation Date, 
95.00 per cent or in any case the asset percentage corresponding to the Minimum OC 
Requirement, or such lower asset percentage figure as determined from time to time by the 
Issuer in accordance with the methodologies published by the Rating Agencies.  
"Asset Swap Agreement" means any asset swap agreement entered into from time to time between 
the Guarantor and an Asset Swap Provider in the context of the Programme. 
"Asset Swap Provider" means any entity acting as a counterparty to the Guarantor pursuant to an 
Asset Swap Agreement. 
"Asset Swap Payment Date" means , in respect of any Asset Swap Agreement, the date on which a 
payment of interest or principal, as the case maybe, is due by the Asset Swap Provider to the 
Guarantor under the terms of such Asset Swap Agreement. 
"Assets" means collectively the Eligible Assets and the Top-Up Assets. 
"Availability Period" means the period from the date of execution of the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement to the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme 
have been redeemed or cancelled in full in accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Back-up Servicer" means the entity which may be appointed as such pursuant to the terms of the 
Servicing Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
a) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five (5) Business 
Days or ceasing to be calculated, administered or published or being subject to a material 
change; 
b) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date 
falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (b)(i) above; 
c) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (c)(i) above; 
d) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or 
before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred 
to in (d)(i) above; 
e) the making of an official announcement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market; or 
f) it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or such other party as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms to calculate any payments due to be made to any

--- Page 320 ---
- 310 - 
 
Bondholder using the Original Reference Rate including, without limitation, under the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable. 
"Bank of Italy Regulations" means the supervisory instructions of the Bank of Italy relating to 
covered bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) under Part III, Chapter 3, of Circular No. 285 dated 
17 December 2013 containing the "Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche", as amended and updated 
by the Implementing Measures and from time to time. 
"Bankruptcy Law" means Royal Decree No. 267 of 16 March 1942, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented. 
"Base Interest" has the meaning given to it in the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
“Base Prospectus” means this Base Prospectus. 
"Bondholders" means the holders from time to time of any Covered Bonds of any Series. 
"Breach of Test Notice" means the notice delivered by the Representative of the Bondholders in 
accordance with the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Breach of Test Cure Notice" means the notice delivered by the Representative of the Bondholders 
in accordance with the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement informing that a Breach of 
Test Notice has been revoked. 
"Business Day" means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are generally open 
for business in Milan, Luxembourg and London and on which the Trans-European Automated Real 
Time Gross Transfer System (T2) (or any successor thereto) is open. 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation 
to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(vi) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day. 
(vii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case 
that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day. 
(viii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day. 
(ix) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar 
Convention" means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically 
corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of 
months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day

--- Page 321 ---
- 311 - 
 
which is a Business Day; and 
(C) if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is 
a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months 
after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(x) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
"Calculation Agent" means BNP Paribas Italian Branch or any other entity acting as such pursuant to 
the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Calculation Date" means both prior to and after the delivery of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice, 
the date falling on the second Business Day immediately preceding each Guarantor Payment Date. 
"Call Option" means the option granted to the Issuer to redeem a certain Series of Covered Bonds 
which may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement" means the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement entered into on 2 December 2010, as subsequently amended, 
between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Account Bank, 
the Investment Manager, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer, the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Representative of the Bondholders, as better described in the Section headed “Description of the 
Programme Documents – Cash Allocation Management and Payments Agreement” of the Prospectus. 
“Cash Reserve Commingling Account” means the euro denominated account established in the 
name of the Guarantor with the Cash Reserve Commingling Account Bank, or such other substitute 
account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement.  
“Cash Reserve Commingling Account Bank” means Credito Emiliano S.p.A. acting as Cash 
Reserve Commingling Account Bank, or any other entity acting as such pursuant to the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Central Risk" means the Bank of Italy information service on banking risks which allows banks, by 
accessing to database containing information about their own clients provided by other banks, to be 
informed about the debt positions, if any, their clients have vis-à-vis the other banks. 
"Civil Code" means the Italian civil code, enacted by Royal Decree No. 262 of 16 March 1942, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented. 
"Clearstream" means Clearstream Banking société anonyme, Luxembourg with offices at 42 avenue 
JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
"Collateral Security" means any security (including any loan mortgage insurance and excluding 
Mortgage) granted to the Seller by any Debtor in order to guarantee or secure the payment and/or 
repayment of any amount due under the Mortgage Loan Agreements. 
"Collection Accounts" means, respectively, the Principal Collection Account and the Interest 
Collection Account. 
"Collection Period" means (i) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice, each 
quarterly period commencing on (and excluding) the relevant Collection Period End Date, and ending 
on (and including) the immediately following the Collection Period End Date or, if applicable, upon 
occurrence of a breach of Test, the third immediately following Collection Period End Date, and, with 
reference to the first Collection Period, the period commencing on (and including) the Valuation Date

--- Page 322 ---
- 312 - 
 
of the Initial Portfolio and ending on (and including) the last calendar day of the month preceding the 
first Guarantor Payment Date; and (ii) following the delivery of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice, 
each period commencing on (and excluding) the relevant Collection Period End Date, and ending on 
(and including) the immediately following the Collection Period End Date.  
"Collection Period End Date" means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice, 
the date falling on the last calendar day of December, March, June and September of each year, 
provided that upon occurrence of a breach of Tests, such Collection Period End Date will fall on the 
last calendar day of each month; and (b) following the delivery of a Guarantor Event of Default 
Notice, the date determined by the Representative of the Bondholders in accordance with the Post-
Enforcement Priority of Payments, the relevant Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Collections" means all amounts received or recovered by the Servicer (including any judicial 
recovery) in respect of the Eligible Assets, Top-up Assets and/or Liquid Assets. 
"Commercial Mortgage Loan Agreement" means any commercial mortgage loan agreement out of 
which Commercial Mortgage Receivables arise. 
"Commercial Mortgage Loan" means: 
 (i) until the Implementation Date, “crediti ipotecari commerciali” as defined under article 1, 
sub-paragraph 1, letter (c) of Decree No. 310 having the features set forth under article 2, 
sub-paragraph 1, letter (b) of Decree No. 310; and 
(ii) from the Implementation Date, mortgage loans secured by non-residential real estate that 
meet the requirements of article 129, paragraph 1, letter (f) of the CRR and article 7-
novies of Law 130. 
"Commercial Mortgage Receivables" means the Receivables deriving from a Commercial Mortgage 
Loan pursuant to a Commercial Mortgage Loan Agreement. 
"Common Criteria" means the criteria listed in schedule 1, part I (Criteri Comuni) to the Master 
Assets Purchase Agreement. 
"Conditions" means the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
"CONSOB" means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
"Consolidated Banking Act" means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented. 
"Covered Bonds" means each Series of covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite) issued or to 
be issued by the Issuer under the Programme. 
"Cover Pool" means the cover pool constituted by the Eligible Assets, the Top-Up Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets. 
"Cover Pool Management Agreement" means the agreement entered into on 2 December 2010, as 
subsequently amended, between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the 
Bondholders and the Tests Calculation Agent, as better described in the Section headed “Description 
of the Programme Documents – Cover Pool Management Agreement” of the Prospectus. 
“Covered Bond Regulations” means Law 130 as amended and supplemented from time to time, the 
Decree No. 310 (until the Implementation Date), the Bank of Italy Regulations and article 129 of 
CRR and any other applicable provision of CRR, as amended from time to time.

--- Page 323 ---
- 313 - 
 
"Covered Bond Swap Provider" means any entity acting as a swap counterparty to the Guarantor 
pursuant to a Covered Bond Swap Agreement. 
"Covered Bond Swap Agreement" means any covered bond swap agreement entered into from time 
to time between the Guarantor and the Covered Bond Swap Provider in the context of the Programme. 
"Covered Bond Swap Payment Date" means, in respect of any Covered Bond Swap Agreement, the 
date on which a payment of interest or principal, as the case maybe, is due by the Covered Bond Swap 
Provider to the Guarantor under the terms of such Covered Bond Swap Agreement. 
"CREDEM" means Credito Emiliano S.p.A. 
“Credem Account Bank Shift Event” means any of the following event: (i) the loss by Credem of 
the Minimum Required Account Bank Rating or (ii) the resignation of Credem from its appointment 
as Account Bank in respect of the sole Credem Accounts.  
“Credem Account Bank Shift Notice” means the notice to be promptly delivered from the 
Investment Manager to the other Parties and the Rating Agencies upon occurrence of a Credem 
Account Bank Shift Event. 
"Credem Accounts" means, collectively, the Credem Eligible Investments Account, the Credem 
Reserve Account, the Credem Securities Account, the Credem Payments Account and the Credem 
Swap Collateral Account. 
"Credem Eligible Investments Account" means the euro denominated account (IBAN: 
IT64J0303212891010000091671) established in the name of the Guarantor with Credem as Account 
Bank, or such other substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement. 
"CREDEM Group" means, collectively, the banks and the other subsidiaries from time to time being 
part of the CREDEM Group, enrolled under the register of the banking groups held by Bank of Italy 
pursuant to article 64 of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
"Credem 
Payments 
Account" 
means 
the 
euro 
denominated 
account 
(IBAN: 
IT92M0303212891010000091674) established in the name of the Guarantor with Credem as Account 
Bank, or such other substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Credem 
Reserve 
Account" 
means 
the 
euro 
denominated 
account 
(IBAN: 
IT18L0303212891010000091673) established in the name of the Guarantor with Credem as Account 
Bank, or such other substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Credem Securities Account" means the account (No. 9168738) established in the name of the 
Guarantor with Credem, as Account Bank, or such other substitute account as may be opened in 
accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Credem Swap Collateral Account" means any account opened or to be opened by the Guarantor 
with Credem in accordance with any Swap Agreement and clause 6.7 of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Credit and Collection Policy" means the procedures for the management, collection and recovery of 
Mortgage Receivables attached as schedule 3 to the Servicing Agreement. 
"Criteria" means, collectively, the Common Criteria, the Specific Criteria, the Criteria for Public 
Entities Securities and the Criteria for Public Entities Receivables attached to the Master Assets 
Purchase Agreement.

--- Page 324 ---
- 314 - 
 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Cut-off Date" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
"Day Count Fraction" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Conditions or the Final Terms of 
each Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Dealers" means Barclays Bank Ireland PLC and any other entity which may be appointed as such by 
the Issuer upon execution of a letter in the terms or substantially in the terms set out in schedule 5 
(Form of Dealer Accession Letter) of the Programme Agreement on any other terms acceptable to the 
Issuer and such entity. 
"Debtor" means any borrower and any other person, other than a Mortgagor, who entered into a 
Mortgage Loan Agreement as principal debtor or guarantor or who is liable for the payment or 
repayment of amounts due in respect of a Mortgage Loan, as a consequence, inter alia, of having 
granted any Collateral Security or having assumed the obligation under the Mortgage Loan 
Agreement pursuant to an accollo, or otherwise. 
"Decree 170" means legislative decree No. 170 of 21 May 2004. 
“Decree No. 190” means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 190 of 5 November 2021, transposing 
Directive (EU) No. 2162/2019 into Italian law. 
"Decree No. 239" means the Italian Legislative Decree number 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently 
amended and supplemented. 
"Decree No. 310" means the ministerial decree No. 310 of 14 December 2006 issued by the Ministry 
of the Economy and Finance, as subsequently amended and supplemented, repealed by Decree No. 
190. 
"Deed of Charge" means the English law deed of charge entered into between the Guarantor and the 
Representative of the Bondholders (acting as trustee for the Bondholders and for the Other Guarantor 
Creditors) on or about the First Issue Date, as subsequently amended. 
"Deed of Pledge" means the Italian law deed of pledge entered into on 2 December 2010, as 
subsequently amended, between the Guarantor, the Account Bank, the Cash Reserve Commingling 
Account Bank and the Representative of the Bondholders (acting on behalf of the Bondholders and of 
the Other Guarantor Creditors). 
"Defaulted Receivable" means Receivables which have been classified as "esposizioni creditizie 
deteriorate" pursuant to the Circular of the Bank of Italy No. 272 of 30 July 2008 containing the 
"Matrice dei Conti", as subsequently amended and supplemented.  
"Defaulting Party" has the meaning ascribed to that term in the relevant Swap Agreement. 
"Delinquent Mortgage Receivables" means any receivable having at least one Instalment due and 
unpaid for more than 90 days following the expire of the relevant exemption period ("periodo di 
franchigia"), but which have not been classified as Defaulted Receivables.  
"Documentation" means any documentation relating to the Mortgage Receivables comprised in the 
Portfolio. 
"Due for Payment" means the obligation of the Guarantor to pay any Guaranteed Amounts following 
the delivery of an Issuer Event of Default Notice, such obligation arising:

--- Page 325 ---
- 315 - 
 
a) prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, on the date on which the 
Guaranteed Amounts become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions and 
the Final Terms of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds; and 
b) following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, on the date on which a 
Guarantor Event of Default Notice is served on the Guarantor. 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds" means, at any time, the Series of Covered Bonds that has or 
have the earliest Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date (if applicable) as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Eligible Assets" means the Mortgage Receivables. 
“Eligible Cover Pool” means the aggregate amount of Eligible Assets, Top-up Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets (including any sum standing to the credit of the Accounts) included in the Cover Pool provided 
that (i) any Defaulted Receivable and those Eligible Assets, Top-up Assets and Liquid Assets for 
which a breach of the representations and warranties granted under each Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement has occurred and has not been remedied will not be considered for the purpose of the 
calculation and (ii) any Mortgage Loan in respect of which the LTV on the basis of the Latest 
Valuation exceed the percentage limit set forth under the Covered Bond Regulations, will be 
calculated up to an amount of principal which - taking into account the market value of the relevant 
Real Estate Asset - allows the compliance with such percentage limit. 
"Eligible Institution" means any bank organised under the laws of any country which is a member of 
the European Union or of the United Kingdom  or of the United States (to the extent that United 
States are a country for which a 0% risk weight is applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy's 
prudential regulations for banks – standardized approach) and enabled to carry out banking activity in 
Italy (i) whose short-term deposit rating is at least "F2" by Fitch or whose long-term deposit rating is 
at least "BBB" by Fitch; and the short-term deposit rating is at least "P-3" by Moody's or whose long-
term deposit rating is at least "Baa3" by Moody's; or (ii) whose obligations are guaranteed by an entity 
whose (A) short-term issuer default rating is at least "F2" by Fitch or long-term issuer default rating is 
at least "BBB" by Fitch, and whose (B) short-term counterparty risk assessment is at least "P-3" by 
Moody's or long-term counterparty risk assessment is at least "Baa3" by Moody's. 
"Eligible Investment" means any (a) Top-Up Assets and/or (b) Public Entities Securities, and/or (c) 
cash deposit held by an Eligible Institution and/or (d) any other debt instrument (including any 
repurchase transaction, certificate of deposit, commercial paper, debt security) issued or fully 
guaranteed by an Eligible Institution provided that in all cases: 
(I) such investments shall from time to time comply with Rating Agencies' criteria so that, 
inter alia: (i) the relevant exposures shall have certain minimum long-term and short-term 
ratings from the Rating Agencies; (ii) the maximum aggregate total exposures in general to 
classes of assets may be limited; (iii) all investments shall be denominated in Euro; (iv) all 
investments set out in letters (c) and (d) above shall be entered into with a counterparty which 
is an Eligible Institution; and (v) all investments shall have a duration no longer than the 
Eligible Investment Maturity Date immediately following the date on which the relevant 
Eligible Investment has been made; and 
(II) the relevant exposure meets the requirements of Article 129, letter (c), of the CRR. 
"Eligible Investment Maturity Date" means the second Business Day before each Guarantor 
Payment Date.

--- Page 326 ---
- 316 - 
 
"Eligible Investments Account" means the Replacement Account Bank Eligible Investments 
Account, the Credem Eligible Investments Account or each of them, as the case may be. 
“EU Benchmarks Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC 
and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 as amended or replaced from time to time. 
"EU Insolvency Regulation" means Council Regulation (EC) No. 848/2015 of 20 May 2015. 
"EU Stabilisation Regulation" means Council Regulation (EC) No. 2273/2003 of 22 December 2003. 
"EU Directive on the Reorganisation and Winding up of Credit Institutions" means Directive 
2001/2/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 April 2001 on the reorganisation and 
winding up of credit institutions. 
"EURIBOR" means the Euro-Zone Inter-Bank offered rate for Euro deposits, as determined from 
time to time pursuant to the Programme Documents. 
"Euro", "€" and "EUR" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
"Euro Equivalent" means, in case of an issuance of Covered Bonds denominated in currency other 
than the Euro, an equivalent amount expressed in Euro calculated at the prevailing exchange rate. 
"Euro-Zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union which adopt the 
euro in accordance with the Treaty. 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., with offices at 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels. 
"Excess Assets" means, collectively, any Eligible Asset, Top-Up Asset and Liquid Assets forming 
part of the Cover Pool which are in excess and shall be repurchased by the Seller for the purpose of 
satisfying the Tests. 
"Excluded Swap Termination Amount" means any termination payments payable by the Guarantor 
to any Swap Provider in the event of early termination of the relevant Swap Agreement where such 
Swap Provider is the Defaulting Party or the Affected Party. 
“Expected Maintenance and Administration Costs” has the meaning ascribed to such term in the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Expenses" means any documented fees, costs, expenses and taxes required to be paid to any third 
party creditors (other than the Bondholders and the Other Guarantor Creditors) arising in connection 
with the Programme, and required to be paid in order to preserve the existence of the Guarantor or to 
maintain it in good standing, or to comply with applicable laws and legislation. 
"Expenses Account" means the euro denominated account (IBAN: IT41K0303212891010000091672) 
established in the name of the Guarantor with the Account Bank or such other substitute account as 
may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Expert" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
“Exposure Assets Limit” means the limits provided under article 129, paragraph 1a (1-bis), lett. (a), 
(b), (c) e (d) of CRR, provided that pursuant to article 129, paragraph 3a (3-bis) of CRR, such limits

--- Page 327 ---
- 317 - 
 
shall not apply to the “cessioni di ripristino” pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement for 
purposes of complying with the Nominal Value Test. 
“Exposure Assets Limit Verification” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 3.7 (Exposure 
Assets Limit Verification) of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
"Extended Maturity Date" means the date when final redemption payments in relation to a specific 
Series of Covered Bonds become due and payable pursuant to the extension of the relevant Maturity 
Date. 
"Extension Determination Date" means, with respect to each Series of Covered Bonds, the date 
falling 7 Business Days after the Maturity Date of the relevant Series. 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning set out in the Rules. 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series. 
"Final Terms" means, in relation to any issue of any Series of Covered Bonds, the relevant terms 
contained in the applicable Programme Documents and, in case of any Series of Covered Bonds to be 
admitted to listing, the final terms submitted to the appropriate listing authority on or before the Issue 
Date of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Financial Laws Consolidated Act" means Italian Legislative Decree number 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"First Issue Date" means the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme. 
"First Series of Covered Bonds" means the first Series of Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer in the 
context of the Programme. 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. 
"FSMA" means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. 
"Guarantee" means the guarantee issued on or about the First Issue Date by the Guarantor for the 
benefit of the Bondholders (as from time to time modified in accordance with the provisions therein 
contained and including any agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental thereof) in 
accordance with the provisions of the Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
"Guaranteed Amounts" means any amounts due from time to time to the Bondholders in relation to 
each Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Guaranteed Obligations" means the payment obligations of the Guarantor with respect to the 
Guaranteed Amounts. 
"Guarantor" means CREDEM CB S.r.l., a limited liability company (società a responsabilità 
limitata) incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy pursuant to article 7-bis of Law 130, as 
applicable until the Implementation Date (which has been replaced by article 7-septies of Law 130), 
having its registered office at Via Vittorio Alfieri, 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy, subject to the 
activity of management and coordination ("attività di direzione e coordinamento") of CREDEM, 
fiscal code and enrolment with the companies register of Treviso-Belluno No. 04326290261, 
belonging to the banking group known as “CREDEM”, registered with the register of the banking 
group held by the Bank of Italy.

--- Page 328 ---
- 318 - 
 
"Guarantor Available Funds" means, collectively, the Interest Available Funds and the Principal 
Available Funds. 
"Guarantor Corporate Services Agreement" means the agreement entered into on 2 December 
2010, as subsequently amended, between the Guarantor and the Guarantor Corporate Servicer. 
"Guarantor Corporate Servicer" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. or any other entity 
acting as such pursuant to the Guarantor Corporate Services Agreement. 
"Guarantor Event of Default Notice" means the notice to be served by the Representative of the 
Bondholders upon occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default. 
"Guarantor Event of Default" has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
"Guarantor Payment Date" means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice, 
the date falling on the 25th calendar day of January, April, July and October of each year, or if such 
day is not a Business Day, on the immediately following Business Day and (b) following the delivery 
of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice, any day on which any payment is required to be made by the 
Representative of the Bondholders in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, the 
relevant Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Implementation Date” means the date of 31 March 2023 on which the Implementing Measures 
issued by the Bank of Italy entered into force. 
“Implementing Measures” means the implementing provisions amending the Bank of Italy 
Regulations issued by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Law 130. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets appointed by the 
Issuer under Condition 5(e) (Benchmark Replacement) at their own expense. 
"Individual Purchase Price" means: 
(i) 
with respect to each Asset or Liquid Asset, the most recent book value (ultimo valore di 
iscrizione in bilancio) of the relevant Asset or Liquid Asset; minus (x) any principal and 
interest (limited to the interest resulting by the most recent book value (ultimo valore di 
iscrizione in bilancio)) received by the Seller up to the relevant Valuation Date 
(excluded); plus (y) any Accrued Interest; or 
(ii) 
upon discretion of the Seller, (also with reference to the Top-Up Assets and the Liquid 
Assets), any other value, as indicated by the Seller in the relevant Transfer Notice in 
accordance with article 7-bis of Law 130 as applicable until the Implementation Date or, 
from the Implementation Date, Article 7-vicies ter of Law 130, the Bank of Italy 
Regulations and any other Bank of Italy regulation. 
"Initial Portfolio" means the initial portfolio of Mortgage Receivables and related Security Interests 
purchased by the Guarantor on 1 November 2010 pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
"Initial Portfolio Purchase Price" means the purchase price paid by the Guarantor to the Seller for 
the transfer of the Initial Portfolio. 
"Insolvency Event" means in respect of any company, entity or corporation that: 
(i) 
such company, entity or corporation has become subject to any applicable bankruptcy, 
liquidation, administration, insolvency, insolvency-like proceedings, composition

--- Page 329 ---
- 319 - 
 
with creditors, insolvent reorganisation turnaround and/or insolvency tools (strumenti 
di regolazione della crisi e dell’insolvenza) or negotiated settlement procedure 
(including, without limitation, "liquidazione giudiziale", "liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa", "piani di risanamento", “accordi di ristrutturazione del debito” 
“piano di ristrutturazione soggetto ad omologazione”, “composizione negoziata della 
crisi” and “concordato semplificato” and (other than in respect of the Issuer) 
"amministrazione straordinaria"), each such expression bearing the meaning ascribed 
to it by the laws of the Republic of Italy, and including the seeking of liquidation, 
winding-up, insolvent reorganisation, dissolution, administration or similar 
proceedings or the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of such 
company, entity or corporation are subject to a pignoramento or any procedure 
having a similar effect (other than in the case of the Guarantor, any portfolio of assets 
purchased by the Guarantor for the purposes of further programme of issuance of 
Covered Bonds), unless in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders, 
(who may in this respect rely on the advice of a legal adviser selected by it), such 
proceedings are being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
(ii) 
an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings under (i) above is 
made in respect of or by such company, entity or corporation or such proceedings are 
otherwise initiated against such company or corporation and, in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Bondholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice of a 
legal adviser selected by it), the commencement of such proceedings are not being 
disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
(iii) 
such company, entity or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment of deferment 
of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors (other than, in case of the 
Guarantor, the creditors under the Programme Documents) or is granted by a 
competent court a moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness or any guarantee 
of any indebtedness given by it or applies for suspension of payments (other than, in 
respect of the Issuer, the issuance of a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act); or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or 
dissolution in any form of such company, entity or corporation or any of the events 
under article 2484 of the Civil Code occurs with respect to such company, entity or 
corporation (except in any such case a winding-up, corporate reorganization or other 
proceeding for the purposes of or pursuant to a solvent amalgamation or 
reconstruction, the terms of which have been previously approved in writing by the 
Representative of the Bondholders); or 
(v) 
such company, entity or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings equivalent 
or analogous to those above under the law of any jurisdiction in which such company 
or corporation is deemed to carry on business. 
"Instalment" means with respect to each Mortgage Loan Agreement, each instalment due from the 
relevant Debtor thereunder and which consists of an Interest Instalment and a Principal Instalment.

--- Page 330 ---
- 320 - 
 
"Instalment in Arrears" means any Instalment still due and unpaid following the expiry of the 
relevant exemption period ("periodo di franchigia"). 
"Insurance Companies" means the companies with whom the Insurance Policies are held. 
"Insurance Policies" means the insurance policies entered into with the Insurance Companies in 
relation to each Real Estate Asset and each Mortgage Loan. 
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or about the First Issue Date, as 
subsequently amended, between the Guarantor and the Other Guarantor Creditors. 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds and an Interest Period, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of that Series for that Interest Period. 
"Interest Available Funds" means in respect of any Calculation Date, the aggregate of: 
(i) 
any interest amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and 
credited into the Interest Collection Account in respect of the immediately preceding 
Collection Period; 
(ii) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest received by the Servicer and credited to the 
Interest Collection Account in respect of the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(iii) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and 
credited into the Accounts during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(iv) 
any amounts credited to the Reserve Account as at the immediately preceding 
Guarantor Payment Date; 
(v) 
all Eligible Investment Revenues in respect of the Eligible Investments made with 
reference to the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(vi) 
any amounts (excluding any principal payment) received or to be received under the 
Asset Swap Agreement(s) other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts with 
reference to the immediately following Asset Swap Payment Date; 
(vii) 
any amounts (excluding any principal payment) received or to be received under the 
Covered Bond Swap Agreements other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts 
with reference to the immediately following Covered Bond Swap Payment Date; 
(viii) 
any swap termination payments (excluding any principal payment) received or to be 
received from a replacement Swap Provider under a Swap Agreement in the event of 
a termination of a Swap Agreement between the Guarantor and the relevant Swap 
Provider with reference to the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date; 
(ix) 
all interest amounts received from the Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master 
Assets Purchase Agreement and credited to the Interest Collection Account in respect 
of the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(x) 
any amounts to be paid as Interest Shortfall Amount out of item (First) of the Pre-
Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments on the immediately succeeding 
Guarantor Payment Date; 
(xi) 
any revenue amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of 
the Interest Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the

--- Page 331 ---
- 321 - 
 
Programme Documents during the immediately preceding Collection Period; and 
(xii) 
interest amount recovered from the Issuer after the enforcement of the Guarantee 
during the immediately preceding Collection Period.  
"Interest 
Collection 
Account" 
means 
the 
euro 
denominated 
account 
(IBAN: 
IT87I0303212891010000091670) established in the name of the Guarantor with the Account Bank, or 
such other substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds or such other date as 
may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Coverage Test" means the tests which will be carried out pursuant to the terms of the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement as better detailed in the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Interest Instalment" means the interest component of each Instalment. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any date or dates specified as 
such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a 
Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may 
occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the 
Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the 
previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case). 
"Interest Period" means, in relation to each Series of Covered Bonds, the period commencing on 
(and including) the relevant Interest Payment Date and ending on (and excluding) the immediately 
following Interest Payment Date, as specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of, the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Shortfall Amount" means, on any Guarantor Payment Date, an amount equal to difference, 
if positive, between (a) the aggregate amounts payable under items First to Sixth of the Pre-Issuer 
Default Interest Priority of Payments; and (b) the Interest Available Funds (net of such Interest 
Shortfall Amount) on such Guarantor Payment Date. 
"Investors Report Date" means the date falling 1 Business Days after each Guarantor Payment Date. 
"Investors Report" means the report setting out a summary of the Tests carried out pursuant to the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement and the stratification tables on the Cover Pool, which is required 
to be delivered by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the Cash Management, Allocation and Payments 
Agreement. 
"Investment Manager" means CREDEM or any other entity acting as such pursuant to the terms of 
the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Investment Manager Report Date" means the date falling 4 Business Day prior to each Calculation 
Date.

--- Page 332 ---
- 322 - 
 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended and updated as at the date of 
issue of the first Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc; or the latest version of the 
2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivative Definitions (as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the 
Covered Bonds) as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and available on www.ISDA.org. Upon 
request of the Bondholders copy of the “ISDA Definitions” may be provided by the Issuer. 
"Issue Date" means each date on which a Series of Covered Bonds is issued. 
"Issuer" means Credito Emiliano S.p.A. 
"Issuer Event of Default" has the meaning given to it in the Condition 10.2 (Issuer Events of 
Default). 
"Issuer Event of Default Notice" means the notice to be served by the Representative of the 
Bondholders to the Issuer and the Guarantor upon occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default. 
“Italian Insolvency Code” means the Italian Legislative Decree no. 14 of 12 January 2019 (Codice 
della crisi d’impresa e dell’insolvenza), as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
"Latest Valuation" means, at any time with respect to any Real Estate Asset, the value given to the 
relevant Real Estate Asset by the most recent valuation (to be performed in accordance with the 
requirements provided for under the Bank of Italy Regulations, including under Section III, paragraph 
1.1) addressed to the Seller or obtained from an independently maintained valuation model, 
acceptable to reasonable and prudent institutional mortgage lenders in Italy. 
"Law 130" means Italian Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 as the same may be amended, modified or 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Lead Managers" means, in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds, the banks indicated as lead 
managers in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Liabilities" means in respect of any person, any losses, damages, costs, charges, awards, claims, 
demands, expenses, judgements, actions, proceedings or other liabilities whatsoever including legal 
fees and any taxes and penalties incurred by that person, together with any VAT or similar tax 
charged or chargeable in respect of any sum referred to in this definition.  
“Liquid Assets” means the assets referred to under Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letters (a) and (b) 
of Law 130, being: 
(i) 
high quality liquid assets pursuant to Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61, 
adopted pursuant to article 460 of the CRR, which have not been issued by the bank itself, 
by its parent institution, unless the latter is a public sector entity other than a bank, by a 
subsidiary of the issuing bank or by another subsidiary of the parent institution or by a 
securitization special purpose vehicle closely related to the bank; 
(ii) exposures with an original maturity of ninety days or less to banks that qualify for credit 
quality steps 1 or 2 or short-term deposits with banks that are classified for credit quality 
steps 1, 2 or 3 in accordance with Article 129, paragraph 1, letter c) of the CRR, 
provided that such assets meet the requirements to qualify as eligible assets under article 129 
of the CRR and Law 130. 
“Liquidity Buffer Target Amount” means the liquidity buffer requirement pursuant to article 7-
duodecies of Law 130, as set out in the Cover Pool Management Agreement.

--- Page 333 ---
- 323 - 
 
“Liquidity Buffer Target Amount Verification” has the meaning ascribed to such term under clause 
3.6 (Liquidity Buffer Target Amount Verification) of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
"Listing Agent" means BNP Paribas, Luxembourg branch or any other entity acting as such in the 
context of the Programme. 
“LTV” means, with reference to each Mortgage Loan, the ratio between the amount granted under a 
Mortgage Loan Agreement, added to the principal amount outstanding of any higher ranking 
mortgage loans secured by the same property, and the value of the relevant property, calculated in 
accordance with the Prudential Regulations. 
"Mandate Agreement" means the mandate agreement entered into on 2 December 2010 between the 
Representative of the Bondholders and the Guarantor (as from time to time modified in accordance 
with the provisions therein contained), as better described in section headed “Description of the 
Programme Documents – the Mandate Agreement” of the Prospectus. 
"Mandatory Tests" means the tests provided for under article 7-undecies of the Law 130, being the 
Nominal Value Test, the Net Present Value Test and the Interest Coverage Test, each as required 
under the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Master Definitions Agreement" means the master definitions agreement entered into on or about 
the First Issue Date by the parties of the Programme Documents (as from time to time modified in 
accordance with the provisions therein contained and including any agreement or other document 
expressed to be supplemental thereof). 
"Master Assets Purchase Agreement" means the master assets purchase agreement entered into on 
29 October 2010, as subsequently amended, between the Guarantor and the Seller, as better described 
in section headed “Description of the Programme Documents – Master Assets Purchase Agreement” 
of the Prospectus. 
"Maturity Date" means each date on which final redemption payments for a Series of Covered Bonds 
become due, provided that this date is not extended to the Extended Maturity Date, in accordance with 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Meeting" has the meaning set out in the Rules.  
“Minimum OC Requirement” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 1.2 (Other 
Definitions) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, as better detailed in section headed “Credit 
Structure” of the Prospectus. 
“Minimum OC Requirement Verification” has the meaning ascribed to such term under clause 3.8 
(Minimum OC Requirement Verification) of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
“Minimum Required Account Bank Rating” means the short term and/or the long term ratings as 
determined to be applicable or agreed by the Rating Agencies from time to time with reference to 
Credito Emiliano S.p.A. (or any institution guaranteeing its obligation on the basis of a guarantee 
satisfying the criteria of the Rating Agencies), being, as at the date hereof, "P-3" and “Baa3” by 
Moody’s and “F2” or “BBB” by Fitch. 
"Monte Titoli" means Monte Titoli S.p.A. (commercial name “Euronext Securities Milan”), a società 
per azioni having its registered office at Piazza degli Affari, 6, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
"Monte Titoli Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to 
hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli (as intermediari aderenti) in accordance 
with Article 83-quater of the Financial Laws Consolidated Act and includes any depositary banks 
approved by Clearstream and Euroclear.

--- Page 334 ---
- 324 - 
 
"Monte Titoli Mandate Agreement" means the agreement entered into between the Issuer and 
Monte Titoli on or before the First Issue Date. 
"Monthly Servicer's Report Date" means the date falling on the fifth Business Day immediately 
preceding the 25th calendar day of each month. 
"Moody's" means Moody’s Italia S.r.l.  
"Mortgage" means the mortgage security interests (ipoteche) created on the Real Estate Assets 
pursuant to Italian law in order to secure claims in respect of the Mortgage Receivables. 
"Mortgage Loans" means, collectively, the Residential Mortgage Loans and the Commercial 
Mortgage Loans. 
"Mortgage Loan Agreements" means, collectively, the Residential Mortgage Loan Agreements and 
the Commercial Mortgage Loan Agreements and each of them a "Mortgage Loan Agreement". 
"Mortgage Receivables" means, collectively, the Commercial Mortgage Receivables and the 
Residential Mortgage Loan Agreements. 
"Mortgagor" means any person, either a borrower or a third party, who has granted a Mortgage in 
favour of the Seller to secure the payment or repayment of any amounts payable in respect of a 
Mortgage Loan, and/or his/her successor in interest. 
"Negative Carry Factor" means the number, expressed as a percentage, equal to (a) the WA Swap 
Margin paid by the Guarantor to the Covered Bond Swap Provider(s), under the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap Agreement, or, absent such Covered Bond Swap Agreement, (b) the WA CB Margin or (c) 
combination of (a) and (b) above, as the case maybe, or any other higher percentage designated as 
such by the Issuer and notified to the Test Calculation Agent and the Rating Agencies. 
"Net Deposits" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Cover Pool Management Agreement.  
“Net Liquidity Outflow” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 1.2 (Other Definitions) of 
the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Net Present Value Test" means the test which will be carried out pursuant to the terms of the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement as better detailed in Cover Pool Management Agreement, as better 
detailed in section headed “Credit Structure” of the Prospectus. 
"Nominal Value Test" means the test which will be carried out pursuant to the terms of the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement as better detailed in Cover Pool Management Agreement, as better 
detailed in section headed “Credit Structure” of the Prospectus. 
"Obligations" means all the obligations of the Guarantor created by or arising under the Programme 
Documents. 
"Official Gazette" means the Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana. 
"Optional Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, if the Call 
Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the principal amount at which 
such Series may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Date" means in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, if the Call Option is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the day on which such Series may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 335 ---
- 325 - 
 
"Order" means a final, judicial or arbitration decision, ruling or award from a court of competent 
jurisdiction that is not subject to possible appeal or reversal. 
"Organisation of the Bondholders" means the association of the Bondholders, organised pursuant to 
the Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified Reference Rate, benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) used to determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Covered Bonds. 
"Other Guarantor Creditors" means the Seller, the Servicer, the Back-up Servicer (if any), the 
Subordinated Loan Provider, the Investment Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation 
Agent, the Representative of the Bondholders, the Asset Swap Provider, the Covered Bond Swap 
Providers, the Account Bank, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer, the Cash Reserve Commingling 
Account Bank and, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Asset Monitor, the 
Portfolio Manager (if any), the Principal Paying Agent and any other paying agent (if any) appointed 
pursuant to the Programme Documents. 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means, on any date in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds or, 
where applicable, in respect of all Series of Covered Bonds the principal aggregate amount 
outstanding of such Series or, where applicable, of all Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" means, on any date, in relation to a loan, a bond or any other asset 
included in the Cover Pool, the aggregate nominal principal amount outstanding of such loan, bond or 
asset as at such date. 
"Payments Account" means the Replacement Account Bank Payments Account, the Credem 
Payments Account or each of them, as the case may be. 
"Payment Holiday" means in respect of a Mortgage Loan, the deferral of the payment of its interest 
and/or principal instalments in accordance with the application of moratoria provisions from time to 
time granted to Debtors by any laws, agreements between Italian banking associations and national 
consumer associations, the Bank of Italy or other regulatory bodies regulations. 
"Payments Report" means a report setting out all the payments to be made on the following 
Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the Priorities of Payments which is required to be 
delivered by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the Cash Management, Allocation and Payments 
Agreement. 
"Portfolio" means, collectively, the Initial Portfolio and any other Subsequent Portfolios which has 
been purchased and which will be purchased by the Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the 
Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
"Portfolio Manager" means the entity appointed as such in accordance with clause 8.2 of the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement. 
"Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the 
Guarantor Available Funds shall be applied, following the delivery of a Guarantor Event of Default 
Notice, on each Guarantor Payment Date as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Post-Issuer Default Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the 
Guarantor Available Funds shall be applied, following the delivery of an Issuer Event of Default 
Notice, on each Guarantor Payment Date. 
"Potential Commingling Amount" means an amount calculated by the Issuer (or the Servicer, as the 
case may be) equal to the expected aggregate amount of monthly collections and recoveries calculated 
in respect of the next following 2 months and considering a 5% constant prepayment ratio p.a., or any

--- Page 336 ---
- 326 - 
 
other higher amount designated as such by the Issuer (or the Servicer, as the case maybe) and notified 
to the Rating Agencies. 
"Potential Set-Off Amount" means an amount, calculated by the Issuer as a percentage of the Cover 
Pool that the Issuer determines as potentially subject to set-off by the Debtors. 
"Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which 
the Interest Available Funds shall be applied, prior to the delivery of an Issuer Event of Default 
Notice, on each Guarantor Payment Date as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which 
the Principal Available Funds shall be applied, prior to the delivery of an Issuer Event of Default 
Notice, on each Guarantor Payment Date as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Pre-Issuer Default Priority of Payments" means, as applicable, the Pre-Issuer Default Interest 
Priority of Payments or the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments as set out in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Premium" means, on each Guarantor Payment Date, an amount payable by the Guarantor on the 
Subordinated Loan in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments and equal to the Guarantor 
Available Funds as at such date after all amounts payable in priority thereto have been made in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
"Principal Amount Outstanding" means, on any day: (a) in relation to a Covered Bond, the 
principal amount of that Covered Bond upon issue less the aggregate amount of any principal 
payments in respect of that Covered Bond which have become due and payable (and been paid) on or 
prior to that day; and (b) in relation to the Covered Bonds outstanding at any time, the aggregate of 
the amount in (a) in respect of all Covered Bonds outstanding. 
"Principal Available Funds" means in respect of any Calculation Date, the aggregate of, without 
duplication: 
(i) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and 
credited to the Principal Collection Account of the Guarantor in respect of the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(ii) 
all other recoveries in respect of principal received by the Servicer and credited to 
the Principal Collection Account of the Guarantor in respect of the immediately 
preceding Collection Period; 
(iii) 
all principal amounts received by the Guarantor from the Seller pursuant to the 
Master Assets Purchase Agreement and credited to the Principal Collection Account 
in respect of the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(iv) 
the principal proceeds of any disposal of Assets or Liquid Assets and any 
disinvestment of Assets or Eligible Investments made in respect of the immediately 
preceding Collection Period; 
(v) 
all amounts in respect of principal (if any) received or to be received under any 
Asset Swap Agreements (other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts) with 
reference to the immediately following Asset Swap Payment Date; 
(vi) 
all amounts in respect of principal (if any) received or to be received under any 
Covered Bond Swap Agreements (other than any Swap Collateral Excluded 
Amounts) with reference to the immediately following Covered Bond Swap

--- Page 337 ---
- 327 - 
 
Payment Date; 
(vii) 
any swap termination payments (excluding any interest payment) received or to be 
received from a replacement Swap Provider under a Swap Agreement in the event 
of a termination of a Swap Agreement between the Guarantor and the relevant Swap 
Provider with reference to the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date; 
(viii) 
any amounts to be paid out of item Seventh of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest 
Priority of Payments on the immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment Date; 
(ix) 
any other principal amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts as of the 
immediately preceding Collection Period End Date; 
(x) 
any principal amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items 
of the Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the 
Programme Documents during the immediately preceding Collection Period;  
(xi) 
principal amount recovered from the Issuer after the enforcement of the Guarantee 
during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(xii) 
following an Issuer Event of Default Notice, and before a Guarantor Event of 
Default Notice, all principal amounts standing to the credit of the Eligible 
Investments Account as at the relevant Calculation Date. 
"Principal 
Collection 
Account" 
means 
the 
euro 
denominated 
account 
(IBAN: 
IT45P0303212891010000091669) established in the name of the Guarantor with the Account Bank or 
such other substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement. 
"Principal Instalment" means the principal component of each Instalment. 
"Principal Paying Agent" means BNP Paribas Italian branch, or any other entity acting as such in the 
context of the Programme. 
"Priority of Payments" means each of the orders in which the Guarantor Available Funds shall be 
applied on each Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the Conditions and the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
"Privacy Law" means the Legislative Decree number 196 of 30 June 2003 (Codice in materia di 
protezione dei dati personali). 
"Programme" means the programme for the issuance of each series of Covered Bonds (obbligazioni 
bancarie garantite) by the Issuer in accordance with article 7-bis of Law 130 as applicable until the 
Implementation Date or, from the Implementation Date, the article 7-quinquies and subsequent of 
Law 130. 
"Programme Agreement" means the programme agreement entered into on 2 December 2010, as 
subsequently amended, between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Dealers and the 
Representative of the Bondholders, as better described in section headed “Description of the 
Programme Documents – Programme Agreement” of the Prospectus. 
"Programme Documents" means the Master Assets Purchase Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, 
the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement, 
the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Programme Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Guarantee, the Guarantor 
Corporate Services Agreement, the Swap Agreements, the Mandate Agreement, the Quotaholders'

--- Page 338 ---
- 328 - 
 
Agreement, the Deed of Pledge, the Deed of Charge, the Master Definitions Agreement, the 
Conditions and each Final Terms and any other agreement entered into in connection with the 
Programme and any other agreement designated as "Programme Document" by the Issuer. 
"Programme Limit" means €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies), as a maximum 
aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds at any time outstanding under the Programme or the 
higher amount determined by the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the Programme 
Agreement. 
"Programme Resolution" has the meaning ascribed to it in the Conditions. 
"Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017, as subsequently 
amended and supplemented. 
"Prudential Regulations" means the prudential regulations for banks issued by the Bank of Italy on 
17 December 2013 with Circular No. 285 (Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche), as subsequently 
amended and supplemented. 
"Public Assets" means, collectively, the Public Entities Receivables and the Public Entities Securities, 
provided that, the Public Assets may not amount to more than 10% of the aggregate nominal value of 
the Cover Pool and further provided that such limit may be temporarily exceeded if necessary in order 
to cure a breach of Tests, Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, Minimum OC Requirement and/or 
Exposure Assets Limit. 
"Public Entities" means any of the authorities or entities set out in article 129, paragraph 1, letters (a) 
and (b) of the CRR. 
"Public Entities Receivables" means, any receivables owned by or receivables which have been 
benefit of a guarantee eligible for credit risk mitigation granted by a Public Entity pursuant to article 
129, paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b) of the CRR and article 7-novies of the Law 130. 
"Public Entities Securities" means any securities issued by or which have benefit of a guarantee 
eligible for credit risk mitigation granted by Public Entities pursuant to article 129, paragraph 1, 
letters (a) and (b) of the CRR and article 7-novies of the Law 130. 
"Purchase Price" means, as applicable, the purchase price of the Initial Portfolio (the "Initial 
Portfolio Purchase Price") or the purchase price of any Subsequent Portfolios (the "Subsequent 
Portfolio Purchase Price") pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
"Quarterly Servicer's Report Date" means the date falling on the fifth Business Day immediately 
preceding each Guarantor Payment Date. 
"Quota Capital Account" means the euro denominated account (IBAN: IT 05 K 01030 61622 
000061239541) established in the name of the Guarantor with Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. 
or such other substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Quotaholders" means Credito Emiliano S.p.A. and SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. 
and "Quotaholder" means any of them. 
"Quotaholders' Agreement" means the agreement entered into on 2 December 2010, as subsequently 
amended, among the Guarantor and the Quotaholders. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Series of Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions.

--- Page 339 ---
- 329 - 
 
"Rating Agencies" means, to the extent they have attributed a rating to any Series of Covered Bonds, 
Fitch and Moody's. 
"Real Estate Assets" means the real estate properties which have been mortgaged in order to secure 
the Mortgage Receivables. 
"Receiver" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Deed of Charge. 
"Recoveries" means any amounts received or recovered by the Servicer in relation to any Defaulted 
Receivables and any Delinquent Mortgage Receivables. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate by reference to which Floating Rates of Interest will be calculated 
(such as, but not limited to, EURIBOR). The Reference Rate and the manner in which the Floating 
Rates of Interest will be calculated using the Reference Rate (including any margin over or below the 
Reference Rate) will be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue of the 
relevant Covered Bonds and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Register" means the register maintained by the Registrar in relation to the Registered Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme. 
"Registered Paying Agent" means any institution which shall be appointed by the Issuer to act as 
paying agent in respect of the Registered Covered Bond under the Programme. 
"Registered Covered Bonds" means the Covered Bonds issued in registered form. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of the Original Reference Rate: 
i. 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency 
to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate; or 
ii. 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for 
the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Replacement Account Bank" means the entity that may be designated by the Investment Manager 
in accordance with the provisions of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement.  
"Replacement Account Bank Accounts" means, collectively, the Replacement Account Bank 
Eligible Investments Account, the Replacement Account Bank Reserve Account, the Replacement 
Account Bank Securities Account, the Replacement Account Bank Payments Account and the 
Replacement Account Bank Swap Collateral Account. 
"Replacement Account Bank Eligible Investments Account" means the euro denominated account 
that may be established in the name of the Guarantor with the Replacement Account Bank in 
accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Replacement Account Bank Payments Account" means the euro denominated account that may be 
established in the name of the Guarantor with the Replacement Account Bank in accordance with the 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement.

--- Page 340 ---
- 330 - 
 
"Replacement Account Bank Reserve Account" means the euro denominated account that may be 
established in the name of the Guarantor with the Replacement Account Bank in accordance with the 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Replacement Account Bank Securities Account" means the euro denominated account that may be 
established in the name of the Guarantor with the Replacement Account Bank in accordance with the 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Replacement Account Bank Shift Event” means the event which occurs if, following the 
occurrence of a Credem Account Bank Shift Event corresponding to the loss by Credem of the 
Minimum Required Account Bank Rating, (i) the rating of Credem is at any time re-established to the 
Minimum Required Account Bank Rating and (ii) Credem confirms in writing to the Investment 
Manager that it accepts to act as Account Bank with respect to the Credem Accounts pursuant to the 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Replacement Account Bank Shift Notice” means the notice to be promptly delivered from the 
Investment Manager to the other Parties and the Rating Agencies upon occurrence of a Replacement 
Account Bank Shift Event. 
"Replacement Account Bank Swap Collateral Account" means any account that may be opened by 
the Guarantor with the Replacement Account Bankin accordance with any Swap Agreement and 
clause 6.7 of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Representative of the Bondholders" means BNP Paribas Italian Branch or any entity that will act 
as representative of the Bondholders pursuant to the Programme Agreement and the Rules. 
"Required Redemption Amount" means in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds, the amount 
calculated as at the Principal Amount Outstanding of each Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Required Reserve Amount" means, with reference to each Calculation Date, an amount equal to the 
higher between: 
 
(a) 
the aggregate amounts payable on the immediately following Guarantor Payment 
Date in respect of item (i) (First) to (iii) (Third) of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest 
Priority of Payments; and 
(b) 
the swap interest payments in respect of each relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement or, if no Covered Bond Swap Agreement has been entered into in 
relation to a Series of Covered Bond, the interest amounts due in relation to that 
Series of Covered Bonds, and which accrues in respect of a period of 3 months; 
and 
(B)  
(c) 
the aggregate amounts payable on the immediately following Guarantor Payment 
Date in respect of item (i) (First) to (iii) (Third) of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest 
Priority of Payments; and 
(d) 
the interest amounts in relation to all Series of Covered Bonds outstanding which 
are due or expected to be borne by the Guarantor during the three-month period 
which starts on the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) 
and ends on the second immediately following Guarantor Payment Date (included).

--- Page 341 ---
- 331 - 
 
"Reserve Account" means the Replacement Account Bank Reserve Account, the Credem Reserve 
Account or each of them, as the case may be. 
"Reserve Amount" means any amount to be credited into the Reserve Account up to the Required 
Reserve Amount. 
"Residential Mortgage Loan" means: 
(A) until the Implementation Date, “crediti ipotecari residenziali” as defined under article 1, 
sub-paragraph 1, letter (b) of Decree No. 310 having the features set forth under article 2, 
sub-paragraph 1, letter (a) of Decree No. 310; and 
(B) from the Implementation Date, mortgage loans secured by residential real estate that 
meet the requirements of article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (d) of the CRR and article 7-
novies of Law 130. 
"Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement" means any residential mortgage loan agreement out of 
which Residential Mortgage Receivables arise. 
"Residential Mortgage Receivables" means the receivables deriving from any Residential Mortgage 
Loan pursuant to a Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement. 
"Retention Amount" means an amount equal to €30.000, or any other amount agreed by Issuer and 
the Guarantor with the prior approval of the Representative of the Bondholders and prior notice to the 
Rating Agencies.  
"Rules" means the Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders. 
“Securities" means any Top-Up Asset or Liquid Asset consisting in securities, including the Public 
Entities Securities. 
"Securities Account" means the Replacement Account Bank Securities Account, the Credem 
Securities Account or each of them, as the case may be. 
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
"Security" means the security created pursuant to the Deed of Pledge and the Deed of Charge. 
"Security Interest" means: 
(i) 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance securing any obligation of 
any person; 
(ii) 
any arrangement under which money or claims to money, or the benefit of, a bank or 
other account may be applied, set off or made subject to a combination of accounts so 
as to effect discharge of any sum owed or payable to any person; or 
(iii) 
any other type of preferential arrangement (including any title transfer and retention 
arrangement) having a similar effect. 
"Segregation Event" means the occurrence of a breach of any Tests on a given Calculation Date 
which remains unremedied within the Test Grace Period. 
"Selected Assets" means the Eligible Assets, Top-Up Assets and/or Liquid Assets which may be 
selected from the Cover Pool on a random basis by the Servicer to be sold on behalf of the Guarantor 
pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement.

--- Page 342 ---
- 332 - 
 
"Seller" means CREDEM in its capacity as such pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
"Senior Payments" means all payments to be made by the Guarantor pursuant to items from First to 
Fifth under the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments. 
"Series" or "Series of Covered Bonds" means each series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of 
the Programme. 
"Servicer" means CREDEM in its capacity as such pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. 
"Servicer Fees" mean the fees due to the Servicer pursuant to clause 8.1 of the Servicing Agreement. 
"Servicer's Report" means the quarterly or monthly report, as the case may be, delivered by the 
Servicer on each Servicer's Report Date and containing details on the Collections of the Mortgage 
Receivables during the relevant Collection Periods prepared in accordance with the Servicing 
Agreement.  
"Servicer's Report Date" means either a Quarterly Servicer's Report Date or a Monthly Servicer's 
Report Date as the case may be. 
"Servicer Minimum Rating" means the counterparty risk assessment (CRA) of the Servicer not 
lower than "Baa3(cr)" by Moody's or issuer default rating of the Servicer not lower than "BBB-" by 
Fitch, or any different rating level which complies with the Rating Agencies' criteria and from time to 
time notified by the Servicer to the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders. 
"Servicer Termination Event" means an event which allows the Guarantor to terminate the 
Servicer's appointment and appoint a Substitute Servicer, according to Clause 10 of the Servicing 
Agreement. 
"Servicing Agreement" means the agreement entered into on 29 October 2010, as subsequently 
amended, between the Guarantor, the Seller and the Servicer, as better described in section headed 
“Description of the Programme Documents – Servicing Agreement” of the Prospectus. 
"Specific Criteria" means the specific criteria listed in schedule 1 of the Master Assets Purchase 
Agreement and any other specific criteria that the Seller may point out in any Transfer Notice. 
"Specific Criteria for the Subsequent Portfolios" means the specific criteria listed under schedule 1, 
part IV of the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency as may be agreed from time to time by the Issuer, the 
relevant Dealer(s), the Principal Paying Agent and the Representative of the Bondholders (as set out 
in the applicable Final Terms). 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Stock Exchange" means the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's main regulated market, Bourse de 
Luxembourg. 
"Subordinated Loan Account" means the euro denominated account (IBAN: IT86 Q030 3212 8910 
1000 0091 488) established in the name of the Guarantor with the Subordinated Loan Provider, or 
such other substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement. 
"Subordinated Loan Agreement" means the subordinated loan agreement entered into on 29 
October 2010, as subsequently amended and/or supplemented from time to time, between the 
Guarantor and the Subordinated Loan Provider.

--- Page 343 ---
- 333 - 
 
"Subordinated Loan Provider" means CREDEM, in its capacity as such pursuant to the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Subscription Agreement" means any subscription agreement entered on or about the Issue Date of 
each Series of Covered Bonds between each Dealer and the Issuer, pursuant to the Programme 
Agreement. 
"Subsequent Portfolios" means any portfolio (other than the Initial Portfolio), comprising Eligible 
Assets and/or Top-Up Assets and/or Liquid Assets, which may be purchased by the Guarantor 
pursuant to the Master Assets Purchase Agreement. 
"Subsequent Portfolio Purchase Price" means the consideration which the Guarantor shall pay to 
the Seller for the transfer of Subsequent Portfolios and equal to the aggregate amount of the 
Individual Purchase Price of all the relevant Eligible Assets and/or Top-Up Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets included in such Subsequent Portfolio as at the relevant Valuation Date. 
"Substitute Servicer" means the successor of the Servicer upon the occurrence of a Servicer 
Termination Event, which may be appointed by the Guarantor pursuant to Article 10.6 of the 
Servicing Agreement. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
"Swap Agreements" means, jointly and severally, the Covered Bond Swap Agreement(s), the Asset 
Swap Agreement(s), each being a 1992 ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency – Cross Border) 
entered into from time to time (including the respective schedules and credit support annexes thereto 
and each confirmation evidencing a swap transaction thereunder) and any other swap agreement 
which may be entered into by the Guarantor in the context of the Programme. 
"Swap Collateral" means an amount equal to the value of collateral provided by a Swap Provider to 
the Guarantor under the relevant Swap Agreement. 
"Swap Collateral Account" means the Replacement Account Bank Swap Collateral Account, the 
Credem Swap Collateral Account or each of them, as the case may be. 
"Swap Collateral Account Bank" means Credito Emiliano S.p.A. or the Replacement Account Bank 
(to the extent appointed) acting as Swap Collateral Account Bank, or any other entity acting as such 
pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement.    
"Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts" means at any time, the amount of Swap Collateral which may 
not be applied under the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement at that time in satisfaction of the 
obligations of the relevant Swap Provider to the Guarantor, including Swap Collateral which is to be 
returned to the relevant Swap Provider from time to time in accordance with the terms of the 
respective Swap Agreement and ultimately upon termination of the relevant Swap Agreement. 
"Swap Providers" means, as applicable and as the context may require, any or all of the Asset Swap 
Provider(s), the Covered Bond Swap Providers and any other entity which may act as swap 
counterparty to the Guarantor by entering into a Swap Agreement. 
"Tax" means any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Republic of Italy or any political sub-
division thereof or any authority thereof or therein. 
"Test Calculation Agent" means CREDEM and following an Issuer Event of Default consisting in an 
Issuer Insolvency Event, the Servicer as appointed pursuant to the Cash Allocation Management and 
Payments Agreement.

--- Page 344 ---
- 334 - 
 
"Test Calculation Date" means, following the breach of any Test, the second Business Day 
immediately preceding the 25th calendar day of each month. 
"Test Grace Period" means the period starting on the date on which the breach of any Test is notified 
by the Test Calculation Agent and ending on the immediately following Test Calculation Date. 
"Test Performance Report" means the report to be delivered on each Calculation Date (or Test 
Calculation Date, as the case may be), by the Test Calculation Agent pursuant to the terms of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Test Remedy Period" means the period starting from the date on which a Breach of Test Notice is 
delivered and ending on immediately following Test Calculation Date. 
"Tests" means, collectively, the Mandatory Test and the Amortisation Test. 
"Top-Up Assets" means:  
(i) any debt securities or other exposures referred to in Article 129, Paragraph 1, letters (a) 
and (b) of the CRR, being: 
(1) 
exposures to or guaranteed by central governments, the ESCB central banks, 
public sector entities, regional governments or local authorities in the Union; 
(2) 
exposures to or guaranteed by third country central governments, third-country 
central banks, multilateral development banks, international organisations that 
qualify for the credit quality step 1, and exposures to or guaranteed by third-
country public sector entities, third-country regional governments or third-country 
local authorities that are risk weighted as exposures to institutions or central 
governments and central banks in accordance with Article 115(1) or (2), or Article 
116(1), (2) or (4) respectively and that qualify for the credit quality step 1, and 
exposures within the meaning of this point that qualify as a minimum for the credit 
quality step 2, provided that they do not exceed 20% of the nominal amount of 
outstanding covered bonds of the issuing institutions; 
(ii) the assets referred to in Article 129, Paragraph 1, letter (c), being exposures to credit 
institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or credit quality step 2, or exposures to 
credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 where those exposures are in the 
form of (1) short-term deposits with an original maturity not exceeding 100 days, where 
used to meet the cover pool liquidity buffer requirement of Article 16 of Directive (EU) 
2019/2162; or (2) derivative contracts that meet the requirements of Article 11(1) of that 
Directive, which meet the requirements of Article 129, Paragraph 1(a) of the CRR,  
provided that assets under (i) and (ii) above are qualified as eligible assets pursuant to article 
7-novies of the Law 130 and article 129 of CRR. 
"Total Commitment" means the amount indicated by the Subordinated Loan Provider in accordance 
with the Subordinated Loan. 
"Transfer Agreement" means any transfer agreement for the purchase of each Subsequent Portfolio 
entered into between the Seller and the Guarantor, in accordance with the terms of the Master Assets 
Purchase Agreement.

--- Page 345 ---
- 335 - 
 
"Transfer Date" means each date on which the Portfolio is transferred from the Seller to the 
Guarantor which, with reference to the Initial Portfolio, means 1 November 2010 and, with reference 
to the Subsequent Portfolios, means the date indicated by the Seller in the relevant Transfer Notice. 
"Transfer Notice" means, in respect to each Subsequent Portfolio, such transfer notice which will be 
sent by the Seller and addressed to the Guarantor in the form set out in schedule 7 to the Master 
Assets Purchase Agreement. 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union as amended. 
"Usury Law" means the Italian Law number 108 of 7 March 1996 together with Decree number 394 
of 29 December 2000 which has been converted into law by Law number 24 of 28 February 2001, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented, with the relevant explanatory and executive acts. 
"Valuation Date" has the meaning ascribed to "Data di Valutazione" in the Master Assets Purchase 
Agreement. 
"VAT" or "Value Added Tax" means Imposta sul Valore Aggiunto (IVA) as defined in D.P.R. 
number 633 of 26 October 1972. 
“WA CB Margin” means the weighted average positive or negative margin, over applicable (i) Mid-
Swap rate or (ii) Euribor with a certain designated maturity, as the case maybe, paid by the Issuer with 
respect to any Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, weighted by the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
“WA Swap Margin” means the weighted average positive or negative margin, over applicable 
Euribor with a certain designated maturity, paid by the Guarantor to the Covered Bond Swap Provider 
under the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement, weighted by the Outstanding Principal Amount of 
the relevant Series of Covered Bonds hedged under such relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement. 
"Warranty and Indemnity Agreement" means the warranty and indemnity agreement entered into 
on 29 October 2010, as subsequently amended, between the Seller and the Guarantor, as better 
described in section headed “Description of the Programme Documents – Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement” of the Prospectus.

--- Page 346 ---
- 336 - 
 
ISSUER, ACCOUNT BANK and CASH RESERVE COMMINGLING ACCOUNT BANK  
Credito Emiliano S.p.A. 
Via Emilia S. Pietro, 4 
Reggio Emilia 42121 
Italy 
 
GUARANTOR  
CREDEM CB S.r.l. 
Via Vittorio Alfieri, 1 
Conegliano (TV) 31015  
Italy 
 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland D02 RF29 
 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS, CALCULATION AGENT and PRINCIPAL 
PAYING AGENT 
BNP PARIBAS, Italian branch 
Piazza Lina Bo Bardi, 3 Milan 20124 
Italy 
 
LEGAL AND TAX ADVISERS 
 
TO THE ISSUER  
as to Italian and English law and Tax 
 
Hogan Lovells Studio Legale 
Via Marche 1-3 
00187 Rome 
Italy 
 
TO THE ARRANGER AND THE DEALER 
BonelliErede  
via Barozzi, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. 
Via Santa Sofia 28 
20122 Milan  
Italy